The Argument from Contingency - Nothing in the world that we see is permanent, all things change and pass away. But if nothing is truly eternal, then how can existence itself be sustained over the long term? Eventually all things must go, and if the past is infinite, then all things should have already disappeared an infinitely long time ago. Therefore there must be a necessary being that cannot pass away. 

In the simulated world, the reason for this ontological parsimony is clear: It is a savings on resources to fake up the parts of the simulation that receive the most scrutiny more convincingly than others. If it would take, as seems reasonable, a universe's worth of resources to actually simulate an entire universe, then it might be a necessity for a simulation to appear more complex than it actually is, at least if it is being simulated in a universe like the one being simulated. If, on the other hand, the world is in the mind of God, who presumably has infinite resources, then why would God cheat? As Descartes concluded in his Meditations, we must assume a good and honest God who is not deceiving us, because without such an assumption, we can never actually know anything. 

For the abstractionist, possible worlds don't (necessarily) have the properties they represent certain possibilities as having--- they merely represent. 

Connected to my previously stated fear, I should clarify that my answer focuses on an ontological construal of Ockham's Razor. When Lewis claims he has a simple theory, he is claiming something like the following: 

The point here turns on whether you take modality as a primitive, or attempt to analyze it. There have been many attempts to analyze modality, but Phil Bricker's "Reducing Possible Worlds to Language" has convinced many (most?) that it is not possible to reduce modality in an actualist-friendly way. The problem is that a language that countenances only what is actual--- and tries to account for the possible in terms of these things ---will find itself unable to distinguish between certain "alien possibilities". These are possibilities containing individuals and/or properties which are merely possible and indistinguishable in actualist terms. 

Here is my understanding of how these terms are used in contemporary (analytic) philosophy. I will include references where they come to mind: 

Well, there seems to be wide agreement that S5 captures the notion of logical necessity. This is why Lewis calls the space of possible worlds logical space. 

You can find all of these terms in Antiquity, and I'd venture to guess that most of them were at least popularized by Aristotle. For more on them, read the SEP entry on Aristotle's metaphysics. 

The Larger Issues Following up on the discussion in the comments, I'm taking the relevant question to be 

How Can We Have Knowledge of Things "Beyond our Senses"? For this first question, note that there is nothing special about god here. Science posits and has posited all manner of entities that we have no -- and, in some cases never could have -- direct experience of. The relevant literature here would be the Philosophy of Science discussion on the nature of unobservables. Central to this debate has been the competing views on the aims of science. On one hand, Scientific Realists claim that science aims to provide us with theories that give a literally true description of the world, including whatever lies beyond what we can observe. For example, electrons were posited to explain the presence of a trail in a cloud chamber, but were not themselves observed directly -- we only observed their effect (the trail) not the electrons themselves. Scientific realists say that we should believe that electrons exist -- even assuming we can't observe them directly -- because the assumption of their existence provides the best explanation of the observable phenomena (so, they take it to be an assumption with high explanatory value and take that to be an indicator of its truth). 

In the simulated world, the reason for this ontological parsimony is clear: It is a savings on resources to fake up the parts of the simulation that receive the most scrutiny more convincingly than others. If it would take, as seems reasonable, a universe's worth of resources to actually simulate an entire universe, then it might be a necessity for a simulation to appear more complex than it actually is, at least if it is being simulated in a universe like the one being simulated. If, on the other hand, the world is in the mind of God, who presumably has infinite resources, then why would God cheat? As Descartes concluded in his Meditations, we must assume a good and honest God who is not deceiving us, because without such an assumption, we can never actually know anything. 

I've been studying this particular theory recently. While I agree that it has significant flaws at a deep level, it's harder to debunk than it might initially seem. You might want to read the originating paper, by philosopher Nick Bostrom, it is neither long nor difficult. 

Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency. 

The Argument from Contingency - Nothing in the world that we see is permanent, all things change and pass away. But if nothing is truly eternal, then how can existence itself be sustained over the long term? Eventually all things must go, and if the past is infinite, then all things should have already disappeared an infinitely long time ago. Therefore there must be a necessary being that cannot pass away. 

However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. 

There are any number of replies and counter-replies to each of these. The first four are less commonly referred to in modern times because they are essentially idealist, and the modern perspective has made a sharp shift towards materialism. For that reason, the last argument has become the most prominent. The most currently prominent counter-argument is Dawkins' contention that the theory of evolution renders a purposeful designer for life unnecessary. A counter-counter-argument might be that this just pushes the evidence of design back one level (i.e. that the existence of biological evolution is evidence that the universe was designed to be fecund).