A view more embedded in philology comes from Lacan and Desassure http://nosubject.com/index.php?title=Signifier. It admits that ultimate referents never actually exist, they are players in stories, and the stories do not have meanings, they have effects. In that context, again, something like your approach makes sense. The potential existence of the difference between A and B is a negotiating position, not a fact, so its ultimate resolution is not about meaning, it is about navigating the world. The story of how it might exist matters, temporarily, just as much as the bigger story where we ultimately decide it doesn't. 

First of all Dennett's objection is to the plausibility of the LoT, not its possibility. But I think he has overlooked other instances of language in our world: in computing and in genetic processing. 

In such a world there is no need to consider mind to begin or end. Your individual mind is composed of stuff that was already mind before it coalesced into you, the same way that the hydrogen that made up the sun was matter before it coalesced into a star. Something just happens to have solidified your specific mind, the same way that the critical gravity just happens to have ignited the sun. 

(Obviously, I don't personally accept this psychopathic, war-of-all-upon-all worldview. But it is part of the general argument for violence, so it is a better frame for an argument toward contradiction.) But thwarting one argument against something does very little toward showing it is actually false. Most of us simply are not strong. So this is in some sense the normal state. Those in power make many decisions that help some and hurt some. Those with grievances against them are many and often not among the strong. So revenge is often aimed 'upward'. And it cannot be taken, individually, because those who wish for it are not powerful enough to get away with it. To accept it as an ordinary thing that should happen hugely disadvantages those who are already disadvantaged in other ways. Perhaps it would burden them so much that the things we need for them to do never get done. 

Since we cannot get better information from others by violence, if violence is to solve our information-related problems, it would have to be by preventing there being information we must acquire from others. We can only have privileged access to all information through some form of totalitarian surveillance. If all of our emotional decisions are determined by some competitive interaction, it is wills with structure, not freedom, that are the harder thing to explain. Also, when alive, the other dog ate first. Now the remaining dog will not eat brands of food that were served during that time. She waits for the nonexistent dog to eat first in exactly the same way she did when he was alive. So no, don't indoctrinate your children into an endless 'hooking up' culture by telling them monogamy is a lie. Lead them to understand that stabilty is rare in so complex a society, and how to value it, without becoming obsessively attached. And primarily cultivate values of authenticity so that they know when they are being manipulated. Defense against having your values overpowered by larger institutions is going to be a major component of life as rhetoric, through the volume of media exposure, again becomes a science. 

So yes, I think it is probably the norm to not know most of the forms of happiness you actually experience, at least for the kinds of feeling that do not fit into your own self-image or character. 

I think for a lot of people, positive and negative emotions are labelled according to what happens after them, or how the person thinks of themselves. We can be anxious or excited when we have the rush of adrenaline, we can feel sorrow or joy when something touches us deeply, we can experience contentment or boredom when we can find no motivation to act in any way, we can be passionate or angry when our blood rises, we can laugh uncontrollably when terrified or when deeply amused. They feel very much the same, until we think about what we are feeling, and give them a meaning. According to some standard theories of emotion (James-Lange and its refinements through to Gross and Barrett) they really are exactly the same until labelled. Then they are classified, and these reactions become part of our character. In the future, the same emotion is then going to be positive or negative according to its past consequences. Most other kinds of objects have importance to us to the degree they are parts of schemas that answer to motives. When they do not, we can point at them, but the reference is unlikely to become a stable part of our shared language. Non-farmers do not tend to have multiple of different words for dirt, even though we can and do probably occasionally point at varieties of dirt when they matter to us, whereas farmers do. In the picture theory of language, both people should find the relevant pictures equally cogent and memorable. From one perspective, the reason that the third category is generally not seen as part of either of the other two is that it is partially interior reprocessing and partially mental experience of the body (according to the James-Lange theory of emotions and its more modern improvements). It feeds back into itself so quickly that it becomes, to a certain degree, completely mixed, neither interior nor exterior and so independent of both of the preceding forms.