You can omit the NL or Limit in the line item if the header says something like No Limit Hold'em Tournament. 

You could assume that the blind was generally the size of the first bet or there about. In limit blinds did not define the game the way they do in NL, the betting structure defines the size of the game, and blinds had a little variance. 

I Made a ruling on this exact situation. The pot was small (1/2 NL, $5), there was an ace high straight on board, the ruling was that the pot was split. What it really boils down to is the dynamics between you and the other player that will dictate rather or not you should call. 

Here is some reference for you: 

In Texas Holdem all players have seven cards, the two hole cards in their hand and the five community cards that make up the board or flop. 

Besides the possibility of 9-10, this being a hand the villain flops a straight draw with, and the hand I would most likely fear, you have the possibilities of villain making a flush, or not so likely having hit a larger set then yours. Lots of things to fear. Examples are almost futile. There are virtually an unlimited number of hands possible. The best five cards of a hand are a simple formula of what the best five card in your hand are. It is very basic, if your confused it is because you are reading into it more then it entails. There can only be five best cards to make a hand and they either beat or tie your opponents best five cards. 

Online there are a couple of offerings of unconventional games, It has been awhile (since before the crash) since I have played them. There are also some game sites that offer guts and Cincinnati type games with play money. How this ruling is actually going to go is dependent on many factors. The politics of the game is the main one. By that I mean how up in arms are the players about this? Who are the players that folded? How big is the game? How big is the pot? Who is making the complaint? The examples I could give are endless. With this you just go with what you think is right and hope it works. How good the decision is actually going to be just depends on your experience and how well you can sale it to the players. You simply need to know it is the best five cards, nothing more and nothing less. You should also understand that the five card rule is an abstract rule that only covers certain forms of poker and that there are other forms of poker have nothing to do with the five card rule. There are also variations on the five card rules that one should have a basic understanding of before they play a game. The hand rankings for five card poker games. A minus sign "-" denotes a spread limit. For example 2-6 means you can bet 2,3,4,5 or six. If the game had a couple of blinds I would write it like 2-6 1/2 blind for clarity, if written just 2-6 limit you could assume the blind was 1/2 or less like a single 2 blind. 

Straight flushes Four of a kind Full Houses Flushes Straights Three of a kind Two pair Pairs High cards by rank Suites all rank the same. In other words no particular flush is better then another particular flush of the same five cards because one is of a particular suite. 

When both players have one pair or two pair you need to understand you go to kickers to determine the best five cards. You need to understand that only the highest straight wins, not the longest straight and that straights and flushes do not have kickers. You need to understand that sevens full of threes beat sevens full of deuces. You need to understand the basic differences between Omaha and Holdem, where one requires that you play two cards in your hand and the other does not. 

So what you have observed about the player is the biggest factor in figuring out what to do here. If the player has been tight and careful your going to lay this hand down. If the villain has been playing fast and creative your going to tend to call. If the player tends to push a lot when they make the nuts or very good hands you are going to tend to fold. You can make up your own games if your playing at home, using any combinations of up cards, hole cards, draws and community cards you would like. Your only limitations here are your imagination and the number of players you need to accommodate. 

The notation I used was mostly for a way to describe cash games. NL 200/400/75 would not be clear describing a cash game with an ante, it would mean there were three blinds. No limit used to frequently be played with the third blind on the button. if the 75 is an ante it should be preceded with an "A", 200/400/A75, otherwise it would be assumed the 75 was a button blind. If I was advocating a standard for NL notation it would be 200/400/75 means blinds of 200,400, 75 and 200/400-75 would mean 200 and 400 blinds with a 75 ante. Whatever the poker game is: it is always the best five cards. However there can be variations with community card games as to where those best five cards are. There is really not a standard. I have a standard that I used to use on my web site that I will share, the standard is not one I devised, it was around and used in most card rooms. It is a notation for describing game limits, and tournament levels. With the advent of online poker people started describing games in different ways and what standard there was got muddled. Also people tend to assume that everyone is talking about no limit hold'em, which is essentially a bad assumption.