Yes, there were extensive rapes by American soldiers during the Second World War. 

For example, in the Normandy map, you can see Heeresgruppe B next to Paris denoted with XXXXX under the command of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. 

- Alexander, Martin. "Dunkirk in Military Operations, Myths and Memories." Britain and France in Two World Wars: Truth, Myth and Memory. Ed. Robert Tombs and Emile Chabal. A&C Black, 2013. 

In addition to war time rapes, there were also quite a large number of rapes during the occupation. The situation was relatively better for Japan (after an initial frenzy): the Japanese government organised "comfort women" to pleasure American soldiers on a large scale. 

This exposes the true face of imperialism; not only do hooligans look down upon such acts, even the Axis and Japan will think this beneath them. 

More generally, Japanese officers carried swords as accessories for their uniforms. The blades were both ceremonial as well as status symbols, because higher ranks were entitled to swords with special distinctive styles. For instance, General officers used swords with: "brown and red strap with gold wire, zig-zag stitching and yellow tassel1". 

Much of the intellectual elites of China (many of whom were themselves well acquainted with Japanese modernisation) recognised the lopsided military balance. Chang's actions in initiating the Xi'an Incident were widely lambasted as using the guise of resisting that Japanese to destroy national unity and strength. Chinese intellectuals at the time were inevitably aware of how the previous ethnic Chinese regime, the Ming Dynasty, fell to a war on two fronts - internal and external - against Manchuria. And the slogan of pacify the nation to resist foreigners has had a long tradition dating back to the Spring and Autumn period (as the term later borrowed into Japan as Sonnō Jōi). 

- Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. 

[5]: They tended to do poorly against bigger or fortified groups, not just militarily but also due to a overcautious strategy. On the first day of the offensive, Communist forces numbering some 2-3000 attempted to storm the strategic Lady's Pass on the Great Wall. They might have overwhelmed the 200-strong garrison, except they retreated at the sight of 800 unarmed Japanese passengers disembarking from a nearby train station. Consequently the Japanese sortied on 22 August, when a 150 contingent of reinforcements arrived, and on 25th, when they routed a 700 men unit. The siege was abandoned after about a week. 

This was codified by the International Law Commission at the behest of the United Nations General Assembly in 1950 as the Principles of International Law Recognized in the Charter of the Nüremberg Tribunal and in the Judgment of the Tribunal. However, it is based on the activities and findings of the International Military Tribunal between 1945-6, which is itself concerned with the crimes of the Nazis committed up to and including 1945. 

Keep in mind that while high in absolute terms, it did take place during a brutal war involving tens of millions of soldiers. Though rape by American soldiers was not "isolated cases", it certainly was no where near the same scale as the Red Army's atrocities either. 

- Phillips, Andrew. War, Religion and Empire: the Transformation of International Orders. Cambridge University Press, 2010. 

If there is little awareness of the great numbers of French extracted from Dunkirk, there is even less that most were back in their own country in under a week. 

Little Boy detonated at ~580 metres above Hiroshima, and Fat Man at ~500 metres above Nagasaki. While all nuclear explosions generate electromagnetic pulses of some sort, at these low altitudes their strength rapidly diminishes with distance, giving them a rather limited area of effect. 

The Nuremburg Principles declared such wars a crime against peace. 

In fact their only[3] major operation was the so-called Hundred Regiments Offensive, in August 1940. For most of the war they busied themselves converting the peasants ideologically and building up their armies. It is difficult to justify claims of "better at resisting" when they barely did any such resistance, at least relative to the Nationalists. 

- Craddock, Stephen Culver. "'To the Honor and Credit of chte Country': A History of the Warships Mississippi."The Journal of Mississippi History 54 (1992): 128-147. 

152 American soldiers had been tried for rape; of these 139 were "colored."