I was wandering if it is considered as a true matter? If so, would you please present some related sources? Moreover was it all of her Meher or there were other things as well? 

Firstly, albeit my answer is not like @Alex A, but I respect his answer (and as a rule of thumb, there can be diverse viewpoints in different individuals). 

Accordingly, it could be counted as an accepted hadith as a miracle of the apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family). Even there is another similar narration which has narrated concerning Imam Hussein (a.s.) which has mentioned in short as below 

According to the chief of the “Hawza-Elmia-Qom Mahdaviat expert center”, it is declared that: www.islamquest.net / Indonesian / Turkish / Persian (Farsi) Source and detailed answer in Persian (Farsi): www.islamquest.net 

(Of course as my personal perspective: the bad-persons who have hostility with him, won’t have the grace (Tofigh) of …) 

According to the viewpoint of the Prophet (pbuh) and Shia (narrations), it is a tradition to wear a ring. The design, material and appearance of the ring have all been mentioned in the hadiths. On the other hand, It has also been pointed to wear the ring on the right hand. Of course it is not a Waajeb(indispensable) act, it is just a Mustahab act. He can be deemed as a non-politic individual who often was following of individual worship. And it was due to his incomplete ability in politics that he was far of it. (He didn’t see sufficient ability and cleverness in himself to participate in politics.) 

Let’s respond to your inquiry by i.e. stating regarding entering a church for a Muslim as a related example. Thus, in the mentioned item, there could be explained some points, such as: 

So, separately the above-mentioned items could be considered according to Quran or hadiths. 

http://www.pasokhgoo.ir/node/21390 

Such practices are not bid'ah, because bid'ah (innovation) does not include such matters, also, it is not injunction in the Quran and traditions. In Quran, where does it mention that it is haram to celebrate the birth of the Prophet, and to be pleased of that?! Actually, to the best of my knowledge, we cannot call it Bid'ah when/if we don't attribute such celebrating to a kind of Islamic order, and factually we do it with the intention of being pleased of the birth of Prophet Muhammad as the apostle of Allah who indeed helped us to find the right way of Allah, and likewise as a sort of honoring/respecting. 

Even if you take a single collection from the 9 collection mentioned above you may find contradictory hadith. I personally suggest you to be very careful about narrating a hadith unless you have studied the required sciences to be able to distinguish between authentic and non-authentic ones and when in doubt do not accept a hadith following Quran's advice (c.f. verses 17:36, 29:8, 31:15), particularly when you see it is not consistent with Quran and hopefully God will guide us to his path. (We are quite sure that Quran is very authentic, although we know there has been minor differences as we have around 14 recitations of Quran, the differences between these narrations are small and reasonable considering the fact that Quran was not collected as a written book and was preserved orally during the prophet's time.) 

Can someone tell me the exact wording and give a reference where I can find it? How authentic is this hadtih? Is it considered sahih or mutawatir? 

However, narrators may miss some important piece of information while reporting. This may lead to contradiction with what we know for sure. It is usually recommended to collect all reports on a subject to fill the gaps and see if the apparent contradiction is resolved. 

It should be noted that mentioned killing of Banu Qurayza's men was carried out according to the Jewish Law (Deutronomy 20:10-14) not Islamic Shariah. Here is the excerpt from NIV: Footnote: (from Al-Dhahabi's summarization) on the criteria of Bukhari and Muslim Banu Qurayza had a treaty with Medina City State which they breached. The prophet gave them option whether he himself should impose a punishment on them or they want their own arbiter. They decided to go for the second option and chose Sa'd ibn Mu'adh. This particular chain of narration is broken; one narrator is unknown (majhool ). We do not know who heard it from Ali (r.a). Therefore, it does not fulfill a basic criterion of being a sahih hadith. Therefore, if you sure that hadith you have quoted has been falsified by modern day knowledge you may reject it as a prophetic saying. 

Every hadith you find against intellect or (find it) contradicting (well-established) principles, rest assured that it is fabricated. Therefore, you do not need to consider it i.e. do not take into account its narrators and do not look into their criticism. (Similarly,) if it is against senses and observations, or either in contrast with the Qur'an or Al-Sunnah Al-Matwatira (the well-established practices) or decisive consensus; such that it does not accept any other interpretation.