The reading I might recommend at this stage is Stephen Pinker's Language Instinct (although I completely disagree with his conclusions, it is a good initial overview). Some authors who addressed this (off the top of my head): And if you wanted to get more in-depth: It might also be useful to distinguish linguistics from philology - the latter dealing with a description of specific languages and from pedagogic or prescriptive grammar. 

But today, I would be more interested in discussing with how various linguists' theoretical preoccupations direct what they study and how. For instance, in order to understand the divide between the Chomskean tradition and the rest of linguistics, theoretical concerns are paramount. Like many social sciences, linguistics has a bit of a science envy, which can lead to overcompensating with formal approaches that obscure more than they reveal. The answer to this question very much depends on who's asking and why. And what stage of your linguistic studies you are at. For the lay person, I'd start with James McCawley's "To ask a professional linguist how many languages they speak is just like asking a doctor how many diseases they have." This pointing to the dual meaning of the word 'linguist' in English but also to the fact that theoretical linguistics is concerned with general principles common to all languages. To describe this phenomenon as “assimilation” is not entirely correct, as it affects only the article. For example, you say at-tīn (with apparent assimilation of /lt/ > /tt/), but you also say iltizām, without assimilation of the same cluster. So it is not a purely phonological thing, but one that is morphologically conditioned. In other words: /lt/ is assimilated if /l/ is part of the article, but not assimilated if the /t/ is part of the reflexive infix in verbal morphology. 

Similarly, there is no assimilation if the /l/ and the following letter if both are part of the root. E.g., you say as-sana (“the year”), but ʼalsina (plural of lisān “tongue”). In standard US English intervocalic /t/ merges with intervocalic /d/. "Writer" is thus pronounced identically with "rider". From a strictly US-English point of view there is no justification in distinguishing between the two at a phonological level. The OED writes: "Brit. /ˈrʌɪtə/, U.S. /ˈraɪdər/". Please note the slashes: this is phonology not phonetics. 

The cited Wikipedia article is extremely weak. “Elsewhere it is a very light sound, and is frequently silent, as in hutan ~ utan ('forest'), sahut ~ saut ('answer'), like Romance languages.” First of all, this is ungrammatical (it should be “as in Romance languages”). More significantly, it appears that the anonymous author does not understand the difference between phonology, phonetics, and spelling. The "h" in (for example) French “homme” is not a “very light sound” but merely a historic spelling for /zero/. Malay /h/ is a phoneme, which can be realised phonetically in different ways, though to call it “a very light sound” is not exactly the pinnacle of phonetic sophistication. Insofar as it is a phoneme, it is legitimate to represent it with a single symbol /h/ in phonological transcription. 

The definition I would have parroted back to a professor during my undergraduate studies would have been something like: "Theoretical linguistics is characterized by a concern with general principles governing how language works using methods including corpus analysis, contrastive analysis, psycholinguistic experiments, etc.)." But today, I would be more interested in discussing with how various linguists' theoretical preoccupations direct what they study and how. For instance, in order to understand the divide between the Chomskean tradition and the rest of linguistics, theoretical concerns are paramount. Like many social sciences, linguistics has a bit of a science envy, which can lead to overcompensating with formal approaches that obscure more than they reveal. 

There are, of course, many more things to read and many more perspectives to consider. This is not just something that can be answered without going into the very foundations of the study of language and that can't (and shouldn't) be done comprehensively on SE. However, we can probably provide a relatively safe starting point. It might also be useful to distinguish linguistics from philology - the latter dealing with a description of specific languages and from pedagogic or prescriptive grammar. For readings at this stage, I would go to the classics: 

For the lay person, I'd start with James McCawley's "To ask a professional linguist how many languages they speak is just like asking a doctor how many diseases they have." This pointing to the dual meaning of the word 'linguist' in English but also to the fact that theoretical linguistics is concerned with general principles common to all languages. 

Similarly, there is no assimilation if the /l/ and the following letter if both are part of the root. E.g., you say as-sana (“the year”), but ʼalsina (plural of lisān “tongue”). 

I am not sure if there is a word for no. 3, but I believe you are on to a genuine problem. My experience is that native speakers of any language “hear” what they think they ought to be hearing (in effect: a phoneme) and not what their ears are actually telling them. We had a discussion very recently on another site about the Arabic word phonologically /dʒanb/, phonetically [dʒamb], meaning “side”. A speaker on Forvo was definitely saying it as [djand], with [d]. The non-native speakers in the forum recognised this immediately, but the native Arabic speakers were insisting that they heard [dʒanb]. Have a look for yourself: http://forum.wordreference.com/showthread.php?t=2887668 

In standard US English intervocalic /t/ merges with intervocalic /d/. "Writer" is thus pronounced identically with "rider". From a strictly US-English point of view there is no justification in distinguishing between the two at a phonological level. The OED writes: "Brit. /ˈrʌɪtə/, U.S. /ˈraɪdər/". Please note the slashes: this is phonology not phonetics. 

To describe this phenomenon as “assimilation” is not entirely correct, as it affects only the article. For example, you say at-tīn (with apparent assimilation of /lt/ > /tt/), but you also say iltizām, without assimilation of the same cluster. So it is not a purely phonological thing, but one that is morphologically conditioned. In other words: /lt/ is assimilated if /l/ is part of the article, but not assimilated if the /t/ is part of the reflexive infix in verbal morphology. The cited Wikipedia article is extremely weak. “Elsewhere it is a very light sound, and is frequently silent, as in hutan ~ utan ('forest'), sahut ~ saut ('answer'), like Romance languages.” First of all, this is ungrammatical (it should be “as in Romance languages”). More significantly, it appears that the anonymous author does not understand the difference between phonology, phonetics, and spelling. The "h" in (for example) French “homme” is not a “very light sound” but merely a historic spelling for /zero/. Malay /h/ is a phoneme, which can be realised phonetically in different ways, though to call it “a very light sound” is not exactly the pinnacle of phonetic sophistication. Insofar as it is a phoneme, it is legitimate to represent it with a single symbol /h/ in phonological transcription.