Sentences are a key concept in model theory as they allow for well-defined truth values. A set of sentences is called a theory; any individual sentence is a theorem. Model Theory resolves traditional logic into two separate pieces - a syntactic form with rules of deduction (so formal proofs can be established) together with an interpretation that establishes truth. (This Setup can then be generalised to an arbitrary logic/grammar/theory with an interpretation). It was Kant that isolated the question of whether synthetic a priori knowledge is possible, and he suggested that this question hadn't been asked before; he suggested that this was possible, and placed under this rubric mathematics and our understanding of space & time. Thus it appears the distinction between Beauty and the Sublime is maintained. 

Kants Copenican gesture was to assume that objects conform to the subject, this meant in particular that space & time was the conditions for experience. He also distinguised between noumena, an underlying reality which itself is not directly available to experience; and to phenomena the representation of noumena to the subject. One could say that phenomena is the linking relation between reality and the subject. I assume this is what is meant by correlationism. I do realise that its not good to mix & match philosophical traditions - one gets something close to bad fusion music but I think it is at least interesting to notice parallels: 

It is the inversion of this axiom that Kant starts his Critique of Reason, calling it his 'Copernican Revolution' in recognition of its revolutionary epistemology. That is an object must conform to the idea. 

It appears that existence as it is for Aristotle a Kantian category. 

syād-avaktavyaḥ — in some ways, it is indescribable. 

The Elements is written in using Definitions, Axioms, Propositions & Corollaries. 

He then compares the absurdity of man's life with the situation of Sisyphus, a figure of Greek mythology who was condemned to repeat forever the same meaningless task of pushing a boulder up a mountain, only to see it roll down again. And then there is the obvious factor of information asymmetries. 

Those familiar with the architectonic nature of Immanuel Kant's philosophy argue about the difference between the three critiques (Critique of Pure Reason; Critique of Practical Reason; and the Critique of Judgment) and his popular writings and lectures completed after 1790. While Calvin O. Schrag suggests that Kant's transcendental or critical philosophy is not complete without Religion within the Bounds of Reason Alone, neo-Kantians like Ernst Cassirer contend that Kant should have written a fourth critique providing a phenomenology of culture. Cassirer associates his paramount Philosophy of Symbolic Forms as fulfilling this role. Is Kant's critical philosophy fully articulated with the third critique where his later works are just regurgitation or should we infer a deepening of his thought by incorporating a philosophy of religion or culture? How are we to judge and situate the character of Kant's architectonic, which seems to be systematic but not prone to the confines of system-building? Understanding presupposes judgments or subsumption. The analysis of determinative judgment (particulars under generals) in the first critique presupposes the other cognitive powers (reason, imagination, judgment) treated in the second and third critiques under the domain of action and the purposiveness of reflective judgments (particulars in search of universals). Kant asks how we could even be aware of intuitions and synthesizing of the sensible manifold without reflective distance. Further, aesthetic judgments of taste (feelings) are pre-cognitive and non-cognitive. Kant addresses this in sections 39 and 40 of the third through the notion of sensus communis and universal communicability. So although the cognitive powers conform to the lawfulness of the understanding, they each have an independent legislative function. But more importantly, it seems that computers and other technologies can perform the mental operations laid out in the treatment of the understanding in the first critique. I have understood the transcendental philosophy accounting for the fuller human context when he gives shades of a philosophy of culture in section 83 of the third critique and the anthropology. So I am more inclined to accept that the critical philosophy does not arbitrarily favor or subordinate any of the cognitive powers, but they are posited as equiprimordial.