• the chances of an immediate, promising attack Apart from this, all umpires receive ₹750 as daily allowance, ₹600 as conveyance allowance, and free hotel accommodation. 

Even if the attacking team has caused an offence after the ball crosses into the goal, the goal stands and the referee then penalizes the player who committed the offence. Play then resumes via kick off. The only reason a goal would not stand even if ball has entered the goal, is if the attacking team has caused an offence before the ball crossed the goal line. If the offence warrants a caution, it must be issued at the next stoppage. However, unless there is a clear advantage, it is recommended that the referee stops play and cautions the player immediately. If the caution is NOT issued at the next stoppage, it cannot be shown later. Even if the foul occurs before the ball has entered the goal, the referee will allow the goal to stand, and take appropriate action against the player committing the foul if required. This scenario falls under the purview of the Advantage Rule, where the referee is allowed to let play continue, even if a foul has occurred, if the team against whom the foul is caused has a sufficient advantage as deemed so by the referee. 

The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. 

In the case above Lucas Digne gets to the ball first and executes a textbook sliding tackle. A. Valencia tries to get to the ball, before the tackle and presumably wants to step on the ball to stop and avoid the tackle. Unfortunately for him, he's a bit too late (and too fast to stop so suddenly) so his step lands on Digne's foot. The reason it's a direct red, and that he doesn't even complain is due to the fact that he's going into contest for the ball with his studs "high". 

assessment of injury to players 

The only reference in Laws of the Game, to what you are asking is the following bit regarding the additional time: 

See Nigel de Jong's infamous move last World Cup. 

The interpretation of this law gives some additional information, although still not a solid answer to your questions. 

• the severity of the offence: if the infringement warrants an expulsion, the referee must stop play and send off the player unless there is a subsequent opportunity to score a goal The decision to penalise the original offence must be taken within a few seconds. • allows play to continue when the team against which an offence has been committed will benefit from such an advantage and penalises the original offence if the anticipated advantage does not ensue at that time 

If the ball has crossed the line legally before the foul is committed, the goal counts towards the attacking team. In this case, any tackle that occurs on an attacking player is late, and hence the player committing the foul is either cautioned(i.e., shown a yellow card) or sent off(i.e., shown a red card) depending on the severity of the foul. However the attacking team does not get a penalty or a free kick. The goal stands and play is resumed via a kick off from the centre spot by the team that conceded the goal(as is normal when a goal has been scored). 

To see the salaries of umpires part of the ICC International Panel see this article. 

• the position where the offence was committed: the closer to the opponent’s goal, the more effective it can be • the chances of an immediate, promising attack 

NOTE: I know the question asked was not exactly about the Advantage rule. I felt it was required to provide a little extra information for anyone else reading the answer. Apart from this, all umpires receive ₹750 as daily allowance, ₹600 as conveyance allowance, and free hotel accommodation. 

The referee may play advantage whenever an infringement or offence occurs. The referee should consider the following circumstances in deciding whether to apply the advantage or stop play: Found an article here regarding salaries of cricket umpires in India. However, this was in 2012, so not sure if salaries have been changed since. The article mentions the following for local(non-international) matches: The ideal scenario is that the ball is either cleared to a neutral zone by a defender or for instance by a goal kick. It's of course not always the case, and based on circumstances the ref could blow the final whistle at a less than optimal situation. The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. 

assessment of injury to players 

What I can say from my personal experience is that the referee will consider two factors just before blowing the final whistle: The interpretation of this law gives some additional information, although still not a solid answer to your questions. 

The referee must not compensate for a timekeeping error during the ﬁrst half by increasing or reducing the length of the second half The fourth ofﬁcial indicates the minimum additional time decided by the referee at the end of the ﬁnal minute of each period of play.