I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith? In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. but there is also an external representation of God. For example: There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.” - John 20:21 NIV 907 baptízō – properly, "submerge" (Souter); hence, baptize, to immerse (literally, "dip under"). 907 (baptízō) implies submersion ("immersion"), in contrast to 472 /antéxomai ("sprinkle"). - Biblehub.com (emphasis added) 3. "Significant" Disagreement With Leadership "Significant" is a pretty subjective term, but a common application of Amos 3:3 - As well as literary evidence, there is epigraphic evidence which indicates that Phoebe was famous and regarded as an ordained deacon by the Early Church. A funerary stele from the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, and dated to the latter half of the 4th century, or possibly later, reads: “Here lies the slave and bride of Christ, Sophia the deacon (hē diakonos), the second Phoebe (hē deutera Phoibē), who fell asleep in peace . . .” (Horsely)[11] To be referred to as “the second Phoebe” was clearly meant as an honour for the deacon Sophia being commemorated on the stele. 36. NOYES GR. Letter to Prof. W. Channing, dated 3rd February 1848. In: Channing W. A Treatise in Etherization in Childbirth. Boston: Ticknor, 1848: 145. There is a very detailed examination of this issue by Margaret Mowczko from an egalitarian perspective (answering in the affirmative) posted here: Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? but there is also an external representation of God. For example: http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? What place does Lilith have in Christianity? Is she part of the devil, an evil angel, is she relevant today? Should it be a representation of God as the spirit within (so we are focusing inside of our-self during prayer - closing out all the external), to the more external ambiguous God "in the sky", to a human form (to Jesus) or to something that is more like a "force field" (omnipresent)? How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith? Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. As well as literary evidence, there is epigraphic evidence which indicates that Phoebe was famous and regarded as an ordained deacon by the Early Church. A funerary stele from the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, and dated to the latter half of the 4th century, or possibly later, reads: “Here lies the slave and bride of Christ, Sophia the deacon (hē diakonos), the second Phoebe (hē deutera Phoibē), who fell asleep in peace . . .” (Horsely)[11] To be referred to as “the second Phoebe” was clearly meant as an honour for the deacon Sophia being commemorated on the stele. 7 Therefore Jesus said again, “Very truly I tell you, I am the gate for the sheep. 8 All who have come before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep have not listened to them. 9 I am the gate; whoever enters through me will be saved. They will come in and go out, and find pasture. 10 The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full. - John 10:1-10 NIV (emphasis added) The argument from scripture centres firstly around the meaning of the original word which we translate as baptize in english: Secondarily regarding what it signifies and what is therefore the most appropriate analogy: It doesn't appear to be talking about just a man (despite that exact sense being given to the preceding verses). The particular sense of worship leader has come from translation of some of the obscure words in verse 13: That said, there are certainly legitimate circumstances that will lead Protestants of good faith and clear conscience to judiciously choose a new congregation that can be justified on a biblical basis (whether this is still called "Church Shopping" or not, is often in the eye of the beholder):