If you were 10 years old, you would not ask such questions, and there would be no point in answering the question. So I opt to treat you like an adult. If this answer inspires a further question, you know what to do. Prosody is neutral as to the phonology / phonetics division, just as "place of articulation" is, which means that it can be studied phonetically or phonologically. The physical manifestations of "prosody" are duration, pitch, and "segmental cohesion" by which I mean whether segments exhibit a special closeness which suggests that two segments might be "in the same X", where X could be a hypothesized constituent composed of multiple segments, such as "onset", "rhyme", "syllable", "foot". I deliberately disregard conceptions of "prosody" where everything is prosody, since that reduces the concept to vacuity. Your source mis-characterises the difference between phonetics and phonology: it seems to adhere to an erroneous theory of the 60's that phonetics is physically automatic and universal, and phonological is anything language-specific. 

There are various problems in this model having to do with higher-level syntactic units: for example, nothing reconstructs "S", or conjunctions of phrasal constituents (NP & NP). The IP can be pressed into service to handle such cases, but there are now alternatives such as allowing recursion in the PP. Since phonologists don't generally deal with intonation, the IP is not much used. This paper by Selkirk gives a general state of the art account of phrasal relations, with some of her extensions of the original constrained Nespor & Vogel model. 

It sometimes appear that the two concepts are interchangeable in actual usage, but I think that is a consequence of indeterminacy where you have evidence for grouping, but you don't have clear evidence for what level that grouping is. The standard answer is that an Intonational Phrase is a superior level in the prosodic hierarchy, generally composed by one or more Phonological Phrases. See Nespor & Vogel (1986) Prosodic phonology for the basic theory, and various examples. 

A P-Phrase is composed of some number of P-Words (or, Clitic Groups though that level of analysis has fallen by the wayside). The big question is, what exact rule defines that grouping of "some number"? Analogously, an I-Phrase is composed of some number of P-Phrases (with the same big question about how they are built). P-Phrases seem to built in two main ways, centered around a head word of a syntactic constituent – adding one complements in that phrase, or all complements – "one complement" being the most common option, with "all" being a less-common option. The latter basically reconstructs Xmax; the former might reconstruct X'. However, there are also a lot of quirky options, like "and all following words in the S". The basic motivation for the PP is finding contrastive phonological behaviors of phrases like A B C, where for instance [B C] interact and A B don't in case the structure is Subject Verb Object (V+O = VP), versus where [A B] interact and B C don't in case the structure is N Adj V (N+Adj = NP). The IP is more used in studies of intonational phonetics, and relies on things like "intonational breaks" and the number of intonational contours for its justification. Overall, there isn't much by way of crisp grammatical generalizations involved in grouping sequences of phrases into IPs, instead IP phrasing seems to be quite fluid and pragmatically governed, unlike PPs which more or less reconstruct standard syntactic structures. 

I might add that compounds are not usually made up of full-inflected words with case and number, they are generally based on the stems that get inflection. Hence pratyakṣa in that compound does not have a case marker, as self-standing words of Sanskrit do. Certain things studied in the realm of "prosody" are strictly phonetic, namely the role of amplitude, and "voice quality" (not to be confused with phonation type). Originally there were attempts to set out necessary and sufficient conditions for creating PP (little effort was put into IP), basically in order to express the generalization that {X, Y} interact iff X is the head of the phrase that Y is a modifier of, but since that is not the only way in which grouping is defined (just the most frequent, it seems), the "definition" i.e. nature of the rules for building PP and IP are up in the air. The only grouping fact that prosodic theories (still, apparently) insist on is the strict hierarchy of the groupings: e.g. a parsing {[A B] [C } {D] [E F]} would be illegal. I would say that there aren't any clear a priori definitions of IP and PP, instead there are probabilities that a grouping effect would be handled as PP in some conditions (basically, "if the domain looks like syntactic Xmax") and as IP in some other conditions (mostly having to do with the relevance of focus, variability in size, connection to overlays, and on the syntactic side grouping together a number of Xmax's) A good study that illustrates analysis in terms of these elements is Kanerva's 1990 Stanford dissertation Focus and phrasing in Chicheŵa phonology. Certain phonological processes involve lexical heads and its modifiers, for instance Pre-H Doubling. (I should point out that Kanerva unfortunately diverges from standard terminology in labeling this the Focus Phrase, since one of the factors governing where this constituent ends is whether the word is focused -- a focused word ends the PP, where it wouldn't if the were s not focused. He has some discussion of FP vs PP at the end of ch. 4 which is, shall we say, inconclusive). Then, the IP is motivated by looking at intonational phenomena, where it is shown that intonational overlays span sequences of PP (FP) phrases, but utterances can have multiple IPs.