Ephesians 1:3-6 is a typical verse declaring this truth, which has always been the position of great theologians: 

So Jesus died for my sin means: This means that the Son of God is an eternal being who was loved by the Father before the creation, everything that happened in time is secondary to his role of Son. Therefore, to compare him to anyone else is like comparing infinite to finite, i.e. everything else is nothing to God comparatively. He can't love them in any way like he loves his only Son. In Job we see the basis for the answer ‘trust me’. It means we can’t fully understand why and trying to figure it out will never work. So instead know that God loves us and trust him with our suffering, even if we know he could take it away in an instant: it is not easy at all, it takes great faith. We see this in Job. 

As our prayers are more frequently made to the Father, we often say 'Dear God' meaning 'Father'. The Father as the originator within the Trinity is the giver of gifts including the Son and the giving of the Spirit, so it is naturally that the normal pattern is to pray to The Father whom we seek help and aid. But although this is the more common pattern the scripture does refer to Jesus as simply 'God' and so we could also pray to the Lord Jesus and say 'God' if we want, it just probably does not happen frequently because when we think of the Son we think of Him as the incarnate God and so we also think of him as a man also. 

Conclusion: The biblical term “begotten” refers to the resurrection of Christ, which happened once. The theological term “only begotten” refers to the eternal generation of the Son, by an inconceivable communication of the essence and substance of the Godhead by the Father --- only happened in a continuous forever. God’s absolute delight towards Christ and his absolute uniqueness implied by the words 'only Son' brings the single eternal generation and the single generation from the dead together under the Sonship theme. Both his eternal generation and his resurrection make him absolutely unique and proven fully approved of by God. This is partly why Jesus always used the phrase 'the Son' as implying being one and only person generated from yet equal to his Father, for example, as in John 5:16-29. When we consider that God is so caring that he even cares for the sparrow (Matthew 10:29) we add an extra dimension to trust. God is our Father who is full of love and we can never understand how much it hurts him to see us suffer. He cares for us and makes our bed in our sickness and kisses us on the forehead as we fall asleep. How can it be? How can God care and allows us to suffer at the same time? The answer is there is no answer. We are not God, we can’t understand his ways, and we can only trust him. But to answer your question, if thinking 'begotten' as in 'only begotten' it gains prominence in Council of Nicaea in A.D. 325 representing Christ’s single eternal generation: 

waiting for our blessed hope, the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ (Titus 2:13, ESV) Now all three person of the trinity combined are the Godhead who is One. 

A wiki article on the four beasts of Daniel has it right: All three of these concerns might be involved in Jesus wanting to limit his fame depending on the situation , where the religious leaders and their 'spies' were, how big the crowd was and how the zealots might have used his fame for their own agenda. As God knows everything from the beginning He can't have plan Bs for anything. 

Considering his mission was to die and resurrect and not primarily to teach, except through his Apostles by the Spirit, it seems suitable that he would not write anything. Basically Job and his advisers have a problem in their logic. They think God is just and powerful, therefore suffering is a result of sin. However, Job has a lot of problems here as he knows he is more righteous than most?! He therefore bitterly concludes that God has no rhyme or reason in the way he manages the universe: Christians have always believed the Son of God was preexisting before the creation of the world and is God who created the world. The Father spoke through the Son and the Spirit performed the actual creative events. How does God respond to this claim (we all feel like making when we suffer)? Well at the end of Job in Chapter 41 God basically compares himself to Job showing Job that Job can’t understand anything about what God does, even in much less complicated matters. Then in Chapter 42, Job repents and learns to accept his suffering without explanation and trusts God. He gets it! As we find the concept of the trinity more fully developed upon the actual appearance of the Son in the flesh, the name Lord is transferred to Christ so that Jesus takes the title Lord, that is the One and only God. Therefore if we pray 'Dear Lord Jesus' we are praying 'dear the one and only God - Jesus.' 

Yes. Daniel, who wrote during the Babylonian Empire prophesied that Messiah would come after four succesive Kingdoms. One which had already existed, the Babylonian, would be taken over by the Persian, then the Persian taken over by the Greek. The Greek then taken over by the Roman, then Messiah overthrowing the Roman. This is not just a Christian re-interpretation but an actual Jewish expectation that Messiah would overturn the Roman Empire. Of course the common Jewish expectation was that Messiah would lead by sword, not by conversion to an 'invisible' kingdom, but nevertheless, both traditional Jewish and Christian interpretation of Daniel Chapter 7 puts Messiah after the formation of the Roman Empire.