In terms of global "Axis vs Allied" thinking, it doesn't matter for Roosevelt if there is immediate economic US interest in Normandy, or in North Africa, or in Antarctic for that matter. Axis try to dominate Allies, Allies try to dominate Axis, whatever it takes. 

Now to the main point. Proposition is shameless even for Hitler's standards: we'll annex some land here, so we could control your main sea trade route, and then you can go and maybe conquer yourself some Soviet land over there. EDIT: In support of this, count of US Army divisions in active combat. At the very beginning of US invasion on Tunisia 6 divisions, while 4 on Pacific. At the very beginning of US invasion on Philippines (Leyte, October 1944) 17 divisions on Pacific, while more than 30 in Europe. chart Britain eventually proposes to go against Germany outside Europe, to start in North Africa where Germans are weak. Operation Torch ensues, including US landing in Africa. Soviet Union is somewhat disappointed, but they realize that, in terms of all-Allied power concentration, it's the most favorable scenario (North Africa does divert some German resources from USSR theater). One of Wikipedia maps shows the territory exchanged for Lithuania (the dotted orange line) 

1.95 / ( 22.27 or more ) * 100% = 8.8% (or less) This is why all totalitarianisms seem so monolithic on the surface, until the change or clash between authorities comes in a blink of an eye. War usually does not come as a painful cold-blooded decision, like "too bad, we agree to loose some lives, but we really need the oil to be cheaper" or "... but we really need to live more comfortably" or "... but we really need to free those people from jails and concentration camps". Instead, the war erupts and escalates quite suddenly, without much consideration of future sacrifices and effects. 

In fact I would investigate the opposite cause-effect relation: maybe capturing large numbers of Jews in the East later indirectly provided argument for the complete extermination, as opposed for example to alternative variants of internment/enslavement/expulsion? 

Unlike in democracy, the totalitarian system has no ways defined that merely by saying something one could somehow influence the legislative process. But it surely can get you in trouble. So the powerless people desperately try to figure out how can they assure everyone that they completely agree with the official party line. And the few powerful people don't expose themselves foolishly too early in their game. 

The secret protocol was signed to that effect on September 28. 

Germany and Soviet Union had no common border at the time. Obviously letting German land forces visit Poland and "help" was out of question, for it would instantly turn Poland into a satellite state. (My own speculation, only partially supported by Lyons, pp. 56-57 and Leslie, p. 205 ). In these times letting foreign forces in was only appropriate for very very close allies, such as UK and France. Otherwise it was a huge diplomatic no-no. Let's clear a major misconception; your question is all about how it can be "right" to go to war, so now I'm morally obliged to counter it with a long, subjective and off-topic rant. Wars are not fought to immediately improve living conditions of a population. Moreover, they are not fought to annihilate the enemy, to wipe them off the planet, or to defend oneself from such fate. The primary reason always was, is, and will be, pure need of confrontation. 

As of 24 October 1938 the demands were annexation of Free City of Danzig by Germany and extraterritorial roadway+railway from East Prussia to mainland Germany through the Polish Corridor (so a "corridor across a corridor") [Eagle Unbowed p. 42]. UPDATE: By the way it came to my mind to check the numbers. True Wehrmacht could expect some 150.000 Jewish civilians there, but would they worry about them? I think they were much more worried about some 500.000 Soviet troops, armed and dangerous, which they have just being encircling when closing two pincers in Minsk. 

Don't think so. At all times, Nazi party seen Jews as a problem to be solved; they've seen them as people that shouldn't be in Greater Germany. In 1941, they didn't know what to do with Jewish citizens they already had; this was the time of ghettos and concentration camps, but Germans didn't yet consider extermination camps (like Chełmno, Bełżec, ...), nobody envisaged the Holocaust. I guess last thing they wanted is to capture even more Jewish people in 1941. 

There are three teams in the world now, Axis, Allied and neutral. One of the Axis have already confronted US, so nevermind US was leaning towards Allies previously, it doesn't really matter. Now US public wants to confront Japan and see them dominated, US commits themselves to Allies. But the leadership, both British and US, is not stupid. They know they can dominate the enemy more effectively (to "win the war" more easily), by playing as a team and by the principle of concentration of power. Why to go one-on-one each in their own theater? They decide to overwhelm the enemy team by concentrating mainly on one region and then on another, etc, until enemy surrenders. Note, the ultimate aim is to dominate the enemy, not to gain land&resources in some theater. On the contrary, they would gain land&resources just as a convenient way to show their enemy "here, see, I've just confronted you and I've dominated you".