We trust the priest to put the work of both these people into a larger context, which is often based upon psychologically appealing essential articles of faith, and help us to balance our responses to all of their products. Unfortunately this isn't something you can get wrong, it is only something at which you can be ineffective. Ineffective religions deploy cognitive dissonance manipulations to create conflict, because conflict works to their advantage -- it is easy to put dramatic conflict into context and therefore seem effective. Popper himself believed that Darwin does not fit his criterion, but that it appears to be useful scientifically. Today it is basically invaluable to several important subfields of biology. He admits this cannot be explained on his proposed basis, and is not crushed. (So your answers are 'yes', 'no', and 'yes'. To the extent it is falsifiable, it has been disproven by his own observation. And to the extent he kept supporting it as valuable anyway, it must not have been meant to be falsifiable.) 

Question: Is Kuhns theory Marxist or Hegelian? for neither could you apprehend what is not, for it is not to be accomplished, 

To clarify, Hegels use of the dialectic operates in the realm of ideas; whereas Marx, who claimed he turned Hegel 'upside down' placed the dialectic in the realm of matter: here this would be the use of physical experiment. 

There is another way that mathematics can be simple & subtle at the same time. For example a prime number is simple enough to define, yet to say that one understands a prime number merely from its definition is to miss the point - it is how it manifests itself in many different ways that displays ones understanding of what primeness means. Atoms are not observable to the human and nor through an optical microscope but they are made visible via an electron tunnelling microscope. What can it mean that the Number Theory is falsifiable? Certainly a tightly-focused question will either be true or false. More general conjectures & ideas will be true when enunciated as the mathematical landscape is seen and a new shape formed. For example the Langlands programme (higher dimensional representation theory). Significance through aesthetics & ethics seem the key theme. The serious intent (ethic) towards the good & beautiful (aesthetics) towards the reverance & delight of contemplation. Platonism in essence. I've often heard/read people (Hawking, Dawkins etc) making out that Physics or Physicalism proves that there is no God, or no need for one. Weinberg in a reponse to his critics in the New York Times says: Watson also sheds some light on the relationship between schizoanalysis and cartography, and helps place it within a larger cultural-theoretical context: In another excerpt from that document, this time clearly showing some instrumentalist-leaning concerns: 

Also, the ultimate "truth" of a scientific theory is probably the wrong criterion (and may even be besides the point.) That is to say, a theory either is or is not effective at predicting things and solving problems. But the fact that a theory lets you predict something still doesn't tell you that the theory is true -- or indeed anything at all about any underlying "reality," for that matter. SEP does a very good job of putting Passmore's claim into context: Philosophy seeks out mystifications of any origin in order to abolish them, does battle against reactive thinking every day generation after generation, and indeed is the most important bulwark against such base/vulgar thinking going as far as it would wish; it is only philosophy in the last instance that has the singular positive essence of critique which is capable of enjoining this battle, in this way. Although I feel like I should mention here that, despite their apparent enmity at times, philosophy has no greater friend than science in this war against received notions, and more generally, the spirit of servitude to established powers which the logic of reception of these mystifying notions implies, the belittling of humanity that these illusions betray as their spiritual content. 

Why do philosophical problems come about? My sense of the hypothesis is that basically it isn't falsifiable or empirical; there is an analytic dimension to Bostrom's analysis here that simply can't be validated in any experimental way. Hence I don't think it poses a significant problem for scientific realism. 

Instrumentalism is an important position characteristic of pragmatism, alongside radical empiricsm and conceptual relativity. Consider the maxim of logic formulated by Pierce (which he called the "maxim of pragmatism" before the movement was even named): 

A philosophical concept is no different in principle, no harder or easier to understand than an artistic composition or a mathematical function. 

Even in its heyday many philosophers who on either doctrinal or sociological grounds can be grouped with the logical empiricists did not see themselves that way. We should not expect philosophers today to identify with the movement either. Each generation finds its place by emphasizing its differences from what has gone before. But the spirit of the movement still has its adherents. There are many who value clarity and who want to understand the methodology of science, its structure, and its prospects. There are many who want to find a natural home within a broad conception of science for conceptual innovation, for logic and mathematics, and for their own study of methodology. And importantly there are those who see in science a prospect for intellectual and social reform and who see in their own study of science some hope for freeing us all from the merely habitual ways of thinking “by which we are now possessed” (Kuhn 1962, 1). These are the motives that define the movement called logical empiricism. As Twain might have said, the reports of its death are greatly exaggerated.