In fact, the Wikipedia article explains all of that in a rather clear way in its very first section. Once the UK exits the EU, all of the EU nationals residing in the UK will no longer have the automatic right of residence/work in the UK, as EU treaty obligations will no longer apply. 

If talks were allowed, at any time the UK would be able to use the leverage of blocking the internal politics of the EU to get whatever it wanted. 

Then the follow up question is "why would the UK invoke art. 50 if it means giving away this advantage?" Here the answer is internal, if art. 50 is not invoked and there are not ongoing negotiations (because the EU won't agree without art. 50), people at home will begin claiming that Theresa May is not complying with the Brexit referendum and she will lose her support. 

5And the ever present risks of some idiot understanding his words as a go-ahead for criminal activities. 1Note how the second paragraph allows for freedom of speech/political action, thus voiding one of the issues from my comment. In short, while Mr. Tudose could certainly remember his position5 before saying certain things, the interpretation of his words as a threat of ethnic cleansing is way too far-fetched (ok, let's be clear, it is just a lie). But of course, nationalist tensions are useful to distract the public from other issues (like for example the corruption issues surrounding Romania these days). 

If you go follow to the [1] footnote from your link, you get: It does not mean that other countries have any obligation at all of accepting you2 if they do not want to. The words are (emphasis mine): May declaration means that she is planning to negotiate that EU citizens residing in the UK will keep its residence/work rights if the EU also keeps the residence/work rights of UK residents in the EU. But that she wants such a deal to include only EU citizens living the UK before article 50 is triggered, and not those that arrive later. 1 As happened with serfs. Also, the "death threat against national minority" interpretation is an interested one, coming from Orban's government. One of Orban's stated goals is challenging the Triannon treaty (end of WWI), and reincorporating the parts of Romania with Hungarian population. To that end, claiming that the Hungarian population in Romania is in risk is a very useful narrative to convince his voters of the need of such actions (and, in consequence, of their support to his government no matter what). 4Must be the sign of the times... 

2I do not know the specific Romanian laws, but the EU forbids the death penalty. That is the whole issue behind the "no talks before article 50 is invoked" rule. From the links provided in the edit, it is very clear that the title of the question is a notable misrepresentation of the issue. Compare that with Orban and Kaczynski tight control of their respective governments (including their parliaments and increasing control over the judiciary), and the fact that those have actually taken actions (laws, etc.) towards their ends. 

About the Theresa May article, it does not mean what you say. Once art. 50 is invoked, there is a time limit. It means any blocking action by the UK will have due date, and that the EU will have the leverage of simply "letting the UK go" without any concessions after the two years, in case that the UK becomes a PITA. 2 Asylum seekers and refugees are covered by other international laws. Basically, it means that you can: Second, it is noted from the news pieces that Tudose's comments have been criticized and/or softened by member of his own government, and that there seems to be no attempt at enacting a law in line with the declarations. And that the PM seems to lack any support for such a change (up to the point that his government depends of the support of an Hungarian minority party). That makes the issue just a big mouthed idiot using big words3 to embarrass himself and his country just to get the populist vote4. Disclaimer: Please do not take the following as condoning Mihai Tudose (Romania PM)'s words. 

The (local/regional) institutions are part of the Romanian state and there will be laws about what flags may be flown, and how. Adding a different flag means a challenge to the authority of the state1, i.e. it is a crime (even if it certainly is not punishable by death)2. 

move to another country that accepts you with the security that your own country will not deny you the possibility of travel. As long as they sing in their yard, that is one thing, but from a legal point of view things are very clear,” Tudose said in a video of the interview. 

move back to the country you are a citizen of whenever you want.