Additional references to show that this view is not limited to Catholics: Yes, although not quite the way you put it. Recently there has been a strong movement away from such a prohibition. Even ultra-conservative Bob Jones university removed its prohibition on inter-racial dating in 2000. Was it indeed normal practice 100 years ago for English speaking Bible translators in the field to start from the English Bible? Would a typical translator in the field have had a working knowledge of Biblical Hebrew or Greek, and access to the Bible in those languages? Would that Bible usually have been the KJV? How many Bible translations are likely to have been made by this method? I'm aware that it isn't used now, but when did the change happen, and how many translations would have been made up to that point? I'll include partial translations to be generous to Winston. To respond more generally about Bible Study as necessary for salvation: The word 'bible' sometimes shows up in validly lowercase originally because it can be used as a general term for a holy book, or an authoritative reference book, as in "The Tanakh is the Jewish bible", or "Stroustrup's book is the bible for C++ programmers". The lowercase is correct in those instances. This tends to cause people not to capitalize the word everywhere, even when it refers to the specific book. However even the most ardent believer in a solely biblical authority will usually allow for the idea of personal guidance - i.e. that a person can pray to God and ask what to do in their specific circumstances, and receive an answer. In this case that is "what God says" to them. However what God says to one person doesn't necessarily apply to another. The word myth, in its academic definition, means a story with deep power and symbolic meaning. When studied in the academic sense, it's that meaning that is important, not whether the story actually happened or not. Thus ancient 'myths' like the founding of Rome, or the stories of Hercules were important (to their societies) for what they said and the effect they had on those societies rather than because of their historicity. So Lewis' point in calling the Christian story a 'true myth' is that it is a story that is powerful, and capable of changing lives and shaping cultures. It also happens to be historically true. So the likely answer is that God gives the gift of poison immunity to people who need it because they have involuntarily taken poison and who he wants to survive it. It is important to note that Christianity does not consider itself a wholly and entirely different religion from Judaism. Instead Christian belief is that God worked his will through his Chosen People, the Jews, promising them a Saviour (Messiah) in due course. However when that Saviour was sent, some accepted him and some did not. Those that did became Christians, and those that did not continued to call themselves Jews. I do sympathize. There are so many more choices of Bible than when I was first shopping for one, and 'just Bible' doesn't seem to be an option. The Holman Bible does seem to have more choices than many. To be able to read 'just the Bible' you are usually looking for 'compact' bibles, but those are rarely large print. But also have a look at some of the smaller ' reference' or 'study' Bibles. Many of them only have very short notes in the margins or study materials at the back, in both cases allowing you to read the text uninterrupted. Try to look at sample pages, or an actual book before you buy. One view is that the scriptures are foundational, but the Spirit gives additional revelation to Christians. In the Catholic view, the Spirit does this through the Church, specifically the church leadership. In other traditions this can happen through the church in community: in still others, to individual people. In either case revelations though the Spirit cannot contradict the Scriptures, but they can add to them. Some denominations believe in the office of "a prophet", who can convey commands from God for a specific time and place. Except for in some small denominations, and some specific cases in Catholicism, post-biblical revelations are not given the same 'infallibility' status that the Bible has.