Once you're encircled, there is no chance to win, and you know it. The only option is to break out. If you can't break out, you will die when and where your opponent chooses. 

This pattern isn't about east-west or north south or climate - it is about the emotional/spiritual needs of the people engaged in economic activity. I'm doing a horrible injustice by summarizing huge bodies of theory in a couple of paragraphs (and I haven't researched this area in 20 years, so there is doubtless new theory available). 

(Aside: Note that the reference is to " Richard Clark"The process of judicial hanging", Capital Punishment U.K. Retrieved April 15, 2007.", which is not currently available; you might want to check the wayback machine) 

OP suggests that the formation could form a square. (Aside: Someone challenged me on the point that OP suggests they form a circle; simple geometry tells us that the circumference of the circle expands with the radius; the shields stay the same size; circle is a suicide formation; what you want and what the video linked to below shows is square.) Squares are not mobile. An excellent squad might be able to march in square, but the encircling forces will always have greater mobility. The force with the greater mobility gets to choose where and when to concentrate forces; the encircled force has no options. Somewhere in that square is the weakest link and the encircling forces can attack it mercilessly; the defending (less mobile) forces cannot adapt. The defender must accept that the attack will occur on the weakest possible location and relentlessly. Attackers can use their strongest, freshest forces against the defenders weakest, wounded, tired, forces. 

At some point commercial and industrial activity emerges; there is another shift in social organization, in religion and in size of political units. Rome is in this stage; their religious activities are appropriate for their economic activities. (and although the majority of inhabitants in the Roman Empire may have been engaged in politics, those individuals had almost no civil rights - they were slaves. They had religious practice - it is a different question for a different forum if that practice was "pagan". The Romans who were involved in social organization and power the religious and political leaders had nothing to do with agriculture - they owned land and slaves, and may have grown cabbages as a hobby, but their religious questions had nothing to do with the guilt over killing corn. The rules around the Roman Pontifex had nothing to do with harvest - they had to do with preventing him from touching weapons of war and scheduling festivals for the populace. 

If you enemy can flank you, he can carve you to pieces - if you turn your shield from the front to the side, the front will kill you. If you don't, the side will kill you. There is no option to turn to the rear; people behind you can kill you at no risk to themselves. 

At some point many cultures develop horticulture or agriculture - social organization tends to shift to a Priest-King dynamic, and social unit size expands into the hundreds. Religious activity changes to an organized priesthood (necessary to organize the activity of 10-100x more people operating in a social unit). This is where human sacrifice is most common - men must die to appease the fertility gods. I'm vastly oversimplifying; the material is very easy and very available, but you're studying anthropology, not history). Literacy appears at this stage. 

Another example is going to be very common; a soldier is wounded and unconscious, but awakens before the dead are buried. This is not an example of "faking death", but fits some of OP's requirements. 

The similarities between the Law of the Twelve Tables and the Solonian constitution are limited and inconclusive. There's no mention of the Roman delegation from Athenian writers. A Roman visitor to Athens in 451 BC would have found Athens amidst a wave of political reforms, spearheaded by Pericles. Solon's constitution was, at the time, almost a century and a half old and undergoing its third major reform, had the Romans actually visited Athens they would have witnessed far more complicated procedures than the Solonian constitution. A far more likely story is that the Romans learned of Solon's laws and the various other Greek political systems through their contact with the Greek colonies in Magna Graecia. Greek presence in Italy predates Rome's founding and according to legend the fifth King of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Priscus, was of Corinthian descent. According to Livy, Lucius Tarquinius Priscus significantly altered the senate, doubling its membership to include the "lesser families": 

Campbell's work is surprisingly accessible, given the complexity of the theory. His four volume series on the relationship between mythology and economy is quite nice, although I drop out when he gets to modern constructive mythology. (that isn't really relevant to your question either) 

OP suggests that the formation could form a square. (Aside: Someone challenged me on the point that OP suggests they form a circle; simple geometry tells us that the circumference of the circle expands with the radius; the shields stay the same size; circle is a suicide formation; what you want and what the video linked to below shows is square.) Squares are not mobile. An excellent squad might be able to march in square, but the encircling forces will always have greater mobility. The force with the greater mobility gets to choose where and when to concentrate forces; the encircled force has no options. Somewhere in that square is the weakest link and the encircling forces can attack it mercilessly; the defending (less mobile) forces cannot adapt. The defender must accept that the attack will occur on the weakest possible location and relentlessly. Attackers can use their strongest, freshest forces against the defenders weakest, wounded, tired, forces.