God's method, shown in Scripture, is to pick certain servants to get His word out to others There's a whole world full of Christians (Catholic and otherwise) striving to get the Good News of Jesus to the non-believer. The Great Commission called to the faithful during the Apostolic age, and 2000 years later still calls all Christians to do likewise(CCC 1-3). Even before the Apostolic age God called certain individuals to go forth and get His words out to others: the prophets. The Old Testament shows that God's "style" is to pick someone to go forth and do what He needs done. What if you just can't? If someone just can't believe it, or just won't, they face a number of possible choices: Mortal Sin is explicitly tied to the Ten Commandments in the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Failure to resolve a grave breach of the commandments puts the person at risk of exclusion from God's kingdom. I recommend a review of articles 1852 - 1864 to get the full flow of the sequential argument. The Covenant of Grace only became necessary as a result of the new state of being where death is now part of the human condition. Berkhof addresses the linkage between the two covenants that cover humans (Works/Grace) in the Covenant of Redemption. Jesus, who is obedient to God (as Adam should have remained), provides the way back to (eternal) Life and in so doing overcomes death (The wages of sin is death, etc). Jesus' own "covenant of works" is characterized by complete obedience to God (the Father). 

If you look at how well the Apostle Paul spread the Faith, particularly among the gentiles, how he (and all of the Apostles and Church Fathers) spread the Good News (of Jesus), and if you consider that the Faith remains alive and well 2000 years later then God chose his servant(s) well. The Good News is now available all over the world, for those who will listen, which it wasn't when Paul had that experience on the way to Damascus. Dominus Iesus (a declaration of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith); the quotes cited are respectively from Lumen Gentium, a document of Vatican II, and Redemptoris Missio, an encyclical letter of Pope John Paul II The Evangelical Protestants whom you refer to generally seem to believe that one is saved once one deliberately turns to God and accepts Jesus as Lord and Savior: 

It appears, then, that Pius IX was aware of these two aspects of Extra Ecclesia Nulla Salus, and did not feel they were contradictory. Nor does the Church now feel that they are contradictory: 1 Council of Trent, cited in Catechism of the Catholic Church paragraph 1989. 

What about St. Dismas (the Good Thief)? I don't know that the Catholic Church recognizes a specific reason that he was able to be with Jesus in Paradise (surely Heaven) "this day". However, look at the final sentence of paragraph 1472 above: "A conversion which proceeds from a fervent charity can attain the complete purification of the sinner in such a way that no punishment would remain." And then look at what this man has just said (in Luke, chapter 23): 

I know Mormonism teaches that all non-Mormons will go to "a heaven", but as they are considered apostate, they don't make the cut for getting into "the third heaven" (i.e. what the rest of us mean when we say "heaven".) 

Of course the answer will depend on which Christian tradition the answerer comes from, but since you requested passages from Scripture on the matter, here are a few to consider: 

Jesus is clearly trying to make a point by drawing a contrast between "good trees" and "bad trees". He is talking to a very confused group of people (the Pharisees) who think that being "religious" is the same as being "good". Jesus, once again, is trying to explain that they are not "good". This time he is pointing out the wicked things that are coming out of their mouths, and indicating that they will be judged for every last one of them. (Consider the context of the passage - blaspheming the Spirit.)