This article in History Today shows how even at least some contemporaries were baffled: 

Another recommendation, which does fit with miasma theory, was 

The post-medieval period also falls within the broad definition of the modern period which started in the early 16th century withe reformation frequently being cited. The Assessment and Qualifications Alliance (AQA) gives the following definitions: 

In fact, there was no guarantee even that a Christian ruler could trust a fellow Christian not to join forces with a Muslim army - note the career of Roussel of Bailleul whose treachery (first abandoning a Byzantine army to join a Muslim force in defeating his former ally and then later setting up an independent state) eventually led to his capture by the Seljuks and execution by the Byzantines (1077). 

The Wikipedia page on El Cid gives more details on this: 

This did not continue, of course, but even so extremism was not prevalent at the time and in-fighting among both Christian and Muslim rulers was very common. In such cases, rulers looking for mercenaries were not necessarily going to be fussy about the religion of those they hired. Also, when the Normans became a power in southern Italy, it was at the expense of both Christian and Muslim rulers. 

Unfortunately, no information is given on why some physicians thought this. 

The assertion that an ox wasn’t much larger than a calf is unsatisfactory (perhaps even dubious): the size of a calf obviously depends on its age and some breeds (e.g. Limousin) are much larger than others (e.g. Jersey) - I grew up on a farm so I know a little about this. Wikipedia has this image of Anglo-Saxon ploughmen but I’m not sure how reliable the scale is (and the animals’ faces are a little odd!). 

One group (from Germany) was led by a shepherd called Nicholas. They had been inspired, according to History Guide, by an earlier group from France. When they arrived in Rome, they were told by Pope Innocent III to return home. 

Is there any evidence of glass vision aids? Or did they use something else? In particular, I’m thinking of 9th to 12th century monks poring over manuscripts and writing chronicles in dodgy candlelight (or is this just a movie cliche?). Although people probably had better eyesight in earlier times, I’m thinking that many of these monks – especially the ones past 40 – would have found magnification very useful, even essential. 

Probably no more than 10% of a population estimated to be between 2 to 3.5 million would have been ‘agriculturally non-productive’ during the late Roman period. This would have declined as 

According to the Wikipedia page on portrait painting in the middle ages, it was not until after 1350 that portraits ‘became clear likenesses’. 

Brian Todd Carey Warfare in the Medieval World 

El Cid may have been involved in the Battle of Graus (1063) at which 300 Castilian knights fought on the side of Ahmad al-Muqtadir, ruler of the Islamic taifa of Zaragoza, against the Christian Ramiro I of Aragon. However, it is unclear if they were there as mercenaries or as allies. 

It is possible that the artist is referring (for some reason not evident here) to a high-born woman who enjoyed falconry/hawking (if the glove is intended to be a gauntlet). Another possible interpretation is that the part woman, part bird image is some kind of take on a siren. Or it is possible the artist did it just for the amusement of himself and / or the reader as there seems to be a tongue-in-cheek element to this illustration. Or it is possible that two of the above may be equally true...and I'm sure others could come up with other interpretations too... 

Not everyone agrees on when the post-medieval period starts - 1485, 1500 and 1540 are among the dates cited. 1485 stems from the Battle of Bosworth so is only really applicable to England. 

S. Runciman A History of the Crusades: vol 1 

Is it known why these Moors came to Britain and what they did there? 

Christian soldiers (unclear if this reference includes knights) serving a Muslim ruler prior to the Crusades is also mentioned by Hussein Fancy in The Mercenary Mediterranean 

The information I have relates mostly to Matilda/Edith as her husband’s loyal regent during his frequent trips to Normandy. I have also found references to her good works, an interest in architecture and Henry’s apparent fondness for her despite his numerous mistresses and at least 22 illegitimate children, not all of them from before his marriage. 

My highlighting, but the punctuation is the author's 

Source: The British Museum, 'Roman Britain' 

For the end of the period, there is also some disagreement although 1900 or 1901 seem to be most common. Wikipedia also states that 

It is also believed that the population declined during the centuries following the Roman departure, perhaps by as much as half. Further,