However, one does not need inconsistency to question Gödelian arguments. Human "superpower" to recognize the truth of Gödel sentences derives from the non-mystical fact that they are provable in meta-theory, e.g. Gödel sentence for Peano arithmetic is provable in second order arithmetic. Of course, any effective proof theory for second order arithmetic will have its own Gödel sentence, provable in the next one, etc., and none of them can prove them all. But neither can any human. Constructing a Gödel sentence for an effectively axiomatized theory is also a perfectly algorithmic process (after Gödel). Wittgenstein argued, roughly, that a language has to be learned, and to be learned it has to be used first. Therefore, no private language. But if language has to be learned what then are the a priori categories of understanding, concepts, and forms of pure intuition? Kant tells us in Critique of Pure Reason: What Gödelian arguments demonstrated so far is that their authors make presuppositions that imply their conclusions without any mediation from Gödel. We might as well say it straight: "history shows that humans can do what no computer can do in principle". Either you believe it or you don't, no theorem can prove or disprove it. 

By the way, Dennet, a clear bundle theorist, also subscribes to a two stage model. Of course, the model does not resolve all the riddles, a typical criticism is to say that the first stage is not willed, and the second stage is not free. But it does serve as a point of departure even for radical libertarians, like Kane. This sounds very Wittgensteinian, but Kant's concepts are also very private. In all three Critiques the action takes place entirely in the private mind of a private individual confronting her private manifold of sensation. It is interesting that the conventional relativization of Kant makes it worse. If the a priori are concepts and are acquired (on a longer time scale), then how are they acquired (and communicated)? Kant did not offer a working account of new concept formation, Pippin analyzes his attempts in Kant on Empirical Concepts, perhaps this was one reason why he made his a priori so absolute. 

Dennett, a functionalists, has an intricate theory to explain why some people believe in the existence of qualia; essentially, he argues that qualia is an illusion played on us by the brain, and he goes to great length to justify this position with neurology, psychology, etc... David Chalmers, who splits his time between being a property dualist and a panpsychist, addresses this problem in The Conscious Mind, in chapter 5 - The Paradox of Phenomenal Judgment 

A man enters the tele-transporter on his way to work on Mars; the button is pressed but nothing seems to happen. on coming out from the machine the technician informs him that due to a malfunction he was not immediately destroyed, but due to the biological damage he has taken in the scanning process he will die anyway in several days, but not to worry since he was successfully tele-transported to Mars. 

And you can probably find more pointers in the SEP entry on personal identity: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/identity-personal/ 

(608) The idea of the intangibility of that mental state in estimating the time is of the greatest importance. Why is it intangible? Isn’t it because we refuse to count what is tangible about our state as part of the specific state which we are postulating? on the other hand I believe there is plenty of evidence that many (maybe even most) people may be p-zombies all-the-time; if you don't believe me, just ask them yourself. 

A simple argument against ants necessarily having Qualia: 3) Therefore, it is plausible that an ant brain of 250,000 neurons functions without manifesting Qualia. While describing himself as a dualist, Chalmers nevertheless believes that a Turing machine running the right "program" will have qualia, and since Turing machines are deterministic, I think that the only way to dodge epiphenomenalism at that point is to note that the only place a non-epiphenomenal qualia may hide in a physically implemented mechanical Turing machine is, strangely enough, causality itself (whatever that could possibly mean).