I think this is quite a broad question, so I'll highlight a few parts of the bike: The standard advice if you want to ride a mountain bike on the road is to fit slick tires rather than knobby tires, and lock out any suspension if you have it (since you don't need it on the road). That being said, you're going to typically have lower gearing than a road or hybrid bike (due to the nature of mountain biking), though you may have some room to adjust this with cassette and chainring sizes. The cheapest solution is to just buy a 7 speed cassette and put it on, and is likely the best (#2). 7 speeds chosen appropriately is more than enough for almost everyone. According to Performance, your fork is a "SR Suntour XCT with 100mm travel, 28.6mm stanchions". Well, the main advantages of tubeless is that you can run lower pressures (which comes with better shock absorption and thus control) with less risk of flats (though you should always carry a backup tube). I'm not entirely sure on where the truth is in regards to weight, but I don't think its important. The disadvantages are still having to carry a backup tube and the extra complexity of installing the tire. In the second picture, the second vertical link from the top is a quick link. You push the plates together (perpendicular to the table) and then push them in opposite directions (parallel to the table in the direction of the chain). You will need a chain tool anyway when you get your new chain in order to size it appropriately; this link will give you appropriate directions. And if you have to install a special rivet (e.g. Shimano) to close the chain, you'll need a tool (*). Most full suspension is setup for mountain biking and stuff so that you can keep control and likely won't be adjustable enough to add comfort (you can only adjust things so much). There used to be a bike in Giant's line called the Sedona DS which used full suspension for comfort, but I don't think it has been made for over 15 years now. Most comfort oriented hybrids or cruisers use some or more of: relaxed geometry, big tires, a big seat, front suspension and a suspension seat post. I'd look for a bike with these features (esp. front suspension if you don't have it). Cassettes: You can interchange them if you want in a lot of cases (touring road bikes often use big rear cogs). The rear cassette is often smaller on a road bike as well (you won't see a 36t big rear cog on many road bikes, unless they're touring bikes). Not everyone can ride a bike unfortunately, and with bad roads, it may not be possible to get enough comfort. What you want for road use is slick tires -- tread and knobs are bad for road use. You have 26" (ISO 559) rims, so you need 26 x (something) tires where (something) is a number in decimal form (e.g. 1.75). Racks+fenders: These are wheel size and disc/not disc specific. Read the directions on the rack+fenders. Going for smaller tires will lower the bike a bit, and smaller tires have to be run at higher pressure (so you'll get less cushioning). There will also be changes in rolling resistance (You may want to read the whole "Tech Info" column on the right side of the Schwalbe page). Gearing: Road bikes typically have higher gearing than mountain bikes The links have rivets in them which are hard to push out without a chain tool (and other tools can weaken the chain leading to failure, especially with a cockamamie way like you're trying). Given that a cheap chain tool is 10-15 dollars it's a worthy investment relative to the cost of a replacement chain. Rear derailleurs: Until 10 speed, you could swap them around when you stuck within the brand (then they introduced different cable pulls introducing shifter incompatibilites, so road shifters have to be paired with road derailleurs and similarly for mountain). The mountain rear derailleurs can shift larger rear cogs than road ones. The rest of the adjustment options (screws) change the derailleur limits (big and small cog) and angle of the derailleur (b-tension). These should be set-it-and-forget-it (unless the derailleur gets banged up, in which case it must be un-banged up and then possibly re-adjusted).