But the fact we share motives shapes what we do, and those actions coalesce into negotiations around the motives, even when we do not explicitly discern and point at the motives. Carousing, for instance, serves a genuine need that we generally do not bother to name. But it creates a grand and sprawling vocabulary and a set of rules for negotiation and optimization of the experience. (Ask any autistic or any other earnest-enough introvert how stupid these really seem on their surface, or maybe just anyone from a distinctly different generation.) To some degree we can look around us and see this happening. But in other ways, things are reversing dramatically. Christianity is dying as an institution and culture is becoming more aggressive even as it becomes more guilty. So each species constitutes some kind of independent consciousness. And even those species whose members reproduce sexually does not itself do so, it reproduces by splintering off new subpopulations fitted for different problem domains. In the north, for instance, light skin allowed us to move north of the tropics and still have enough Vitamin D (while letting us get more skin cancer). And we evolved the various blood types to resist diseases more often caused by the cold (while creating certain difficulties in childbearing). To the far north, we think we evolved fat accumulation for warmth, and when those same people moved through the far north to the middle of the Americas, we see the same mechanism adapt for long-term survival in regions with extreme seasonal variation (while making for a lot of diabetes currently). So, this presents at least a 'tree' of adaptations that increases our flexibility. Other uses of violence to get reliable information suffer the same intrinsic failure -- it is far too easy to lie; lying preserves the speaker's worth just as much as, and often more than, telling the truth; and lying makes one feel like one has some control, some ability to thwart the person harming you and get a minimal revenge. So, knowing that adding fear primarily creates lies, instead of more truthful communication, in what way can violence solve the huge number of problems traceable to this single cause? The modern backlash against all of this is in scale with its stupidity, but it is strangely directed, because it is continually shaped economically. We are being herded into a cultural center where sex goes back and forth between being free and easy and being rigid and alienating, because there is money to be made on both ends, but not at any sane point in the middle. We have a cultural milieu for 'hooking up' and another one for 'being a family' but we do not have places where money circulation can be increased by leveraging those who are not on one of those tracks. It is simply not true that people have not investigated this approach. They just tend to classify themselves as something other than philosophers. From a point of view that takes those effects as genuine value rather than psychosocial self-manipulation, the fact/value dichotomy is an argument for social construction. At its extreme, social constructionism is an argument against physicalism: if we all have to agree on what is and what is not physical, how can that be the basis of reality? But that is far more extreme position than the idealism that simply accepts qualia as facts. Freud, the originator of the concepts that grew into our notion of the 'subconscious', would surely disagree with your first point. He was attempting a form of biological reductionism when he proposed the psychoanalytic theory. All of his reasoning about primary process thinking and remnants of the developmental process is meant to reduce human motivation to biology and history. Life endures in the face of real obstacles, and adapts to its situation in a way distinct from the way other parts of the environment, e.g. the geography, seem to 'solve problems' or 'preserve themselves' by reacting passively to predetermined forces. Something lives on, in situations where, without change, nothing would. Now, if we are linked to our bodies in such a way that we would share the duplicate's consciousness, then we could transport the duplicate far enough away that the speed of light made a significant lag between our experience and the duplicate's. To be given means that the data simply exists, and may not even be processed, but it is available in some form. The number on the side of an instrument or a 3000-page list of numbers that no one will ever read are still data.