Yeah, I suppose there will be indignation from the usual suspects (if the "news headlines" popup from Yahoo! news on my phone, timely showing just 5 minutes ago, is any indication). But seriously, does anyone really expect anyone to stop voting for Trump based on this (or to suddenly decide to vote for Hillary if they were undecided)? Not only that but Clinton Administration (in power then) impeded the investigation. Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": What connects them seems to be some obvious (even to non-academic-politologists) facts. “Once you begin the process of feeling it’s cool to be a reporter’s inside source, then it takes a life of its own,” Bucci told The Daily Signal. “I would bet a month’s pay that a person who had leaked about Trump also leaked this information.” Almost all Republicans (92 percent) and most independents (74 percent) perceive coverage as tougher on Trump. Some Democrats agree: 42 percent say it’s been tougher, 34 percent easier, and 21 percent the same. Some soldiers who served with Bergdahl have called him a deserter Being in spotlight is good for his candidacy in general (especially for something that isn't majorly negative for him, or playing into Hillary's typical negative narratives, which this one isn't). As-of February 2016 As-of November 10, 2016 59,611,678 votes / 279 electoral votes according to Google so far. I suspect "is a clown" conclusion was somewhat proven slightly wrong. While the Trumps spent nearly $50,000 to elect congressional Democrats, they donated only $1,000 to the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRSC). While technically, "traitor" doesn't seem legally applicable given the known facts, the following may have been the reason (as well as identities of 5 prisoners, see below): The main developments are two, and neither one had anything to do with politics, ironically: This has absolutely nothing to do with Trump, and (while obviously there's no proof as we don't know who the leaker is) the pattern is lately that most national security leaks were from people/forces opposed to Trump. ... and if you squint hard enough at the word "respected", you can add Was a registered Democrat till 2009 Tactically, people en masse began to realize that the emotional and not logical approach is more effective, in part, thanks to popularization of the concepts of behavioral economics (Kahneman and Tversky). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump_presidential_campaign,_2016#Endorsements Putin (from experience) perceives Obama and Clinton as weak, considering all the losses they sufferer playing geopolitical chess against Putin for the last 8 years, since that idiotic button Clinton wore. (the latter seems to be a direct include from the former, unless I misunderstand how Wikipedia code works) Mohammad Nabi Omari was the Taliban's chief of communications. Nabi had "operational ties to Anti-Coalition Militia (ACM) groups including al-Qaida, the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, and the Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin". Yes, this approach may have hurt some "moderate" (or as he would say, "loser"), candidate from GOP. I don't realistically see it hurting Trump. Because, contrary to popular but wholly opinionated answer that was already posted: As such, if the refugees detained by Australia in Nauru and Papua New Guinea are from those 7 countries, they would be subject to the new order. Otherwise no. Before McCaul’s legislation cleared the panel, Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., led an effort by House Democrats to pencil in $3 billion in projected spending to help federal law enforcement agencies meet the higher standard for operational control. Of course, as an earlier answer pointed out, humans vying for leadership embraced lying and appealing to emotions all the way back to when Ugh grunted to Egh that he'll influence the spirits to bring the tribe bigger mammoths if he's selected as a tribal chief. It was most certainly heavily used by known ancient rulers - from Persian emperors who left behind what was clearly fictitious accounts of themselves, to Cleon of Athens; from Alexander the Great's mom claiming he was a product of an affair with a god to Augustus who commissioned art to portray himself as humble and a man of the people. More specifically, if you consider anyone who voted for Barak Obama in 2008 a "Democrat", then a whole bunch of them voted for Trump in 2016 - which presumably means they can find at least a good point in some of his projects. Judging by both the context and the time of the tweet (1 Nov 2014): So, Trump is just saying what his base believes. UPDATE To further illustrate the fact that Trump is following his voters here, not leading, we have February 14, 2017 Fox News poll conducted by Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R); polling both landline and cellphones. By Mr. McCAUL (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Michigan, Ms. Jackson Lee, and Mr. Thompson of Mississippi), H1856 [9AP] But I agree with Alex that the primary consideration, as anything any politician ever does, is likely for domestic consumption. According to polls Trump is more popular than Clinton in Russia by a margin of 20%. People have complex motivations. If nothing else, that option has value for Trump the individual (he can negotiate something nice for himself, in exchange for accepting, after the election is over, from Hillary - and don't think Trump is not smart and experienced and cynical enough not to realize that). If they feel like the election outcome is threatened by said alleged fraud, they will be more motivated to work to elect him (volunteer, donate, make sure people turn out to vote). He wants to leave his options open. Ceterus parabus, having an option to contest the election as fraud is better (if your goal is to win), than deliberately, in advance, canceling out that option by a public declaration. Additional note to Alex's excellent answer is a secondary consideration: a shrewd leader who is unpopular in USA may very well endorse a candidate they would rather see lose, in hopes that people vote against that candidate just as a rejection of said leader's endorsement (probably, with the spinning/publicity of the event the opposing candidate).