To sum up: The initial condition of Adam and Eve is one of life. What people truly believe can only be answered in that quiet place where only the person and (if the believer is open to him) Jesus exist ... and the truth shall set you free. (John 8:32) Detailed Answer It started so well. They had life in the Garden and all was good. Beyond matters of censure, the clergy are charged with encouraging, teaching, and inspiring everyone in the faith community to embrace the belief, and to counter and overcome doubt through their teaching and other pastoral efforts. Most clergy are astute enough to realize that simply waving a sheet of paper with a dogma on it is not as effective as pastoral counseling and engaging with people What a novel thought: treat someone like a person, not like someone to be talked at, nor as a two dimensional construct that your 'friend' presents. The priests whom I know, save one, are all very good at that pastoral counseling thing, and at engagement. The core of the answer you've already touched on: Jesus explains the call to believe, even if you haven't seen, in John 20: 25-29 via doubting Thomas. If that protest/assertion is made publicly, then the believer is opposed to a dogma of the church. Will that necessarily result in excommunication? No, but depending on circumstances, it might move from an issue of doubt to one of heresy. As @AthanasiusofAlex so kindly reminded us, FWIW, one of our deacons cites as 'general knowledge' that only about half of practicing Catholics sincerely believe that the host/wine as presented during the Mass really is the body and blood of Jesus Christ. That 'well known' understanding about a matter far closer to the heart of the Catholic faith doesn't result in mass excommunications. Why? *The Church never gives up hope for a spiritual breakthrough and the Holy Spirit working through the faith community. Among other things, Jesus brings us hope, the greatest hope being that of eternal salvation through him, and with him.