(c) ... The notification deadline for persons who do not wish to accept nomination in a general election is 76 days before the date of the election. In the event that a candidate submits a notification of withdrawal after the applicable deadline, the name of the candidate shall remain on the ballot and the appropriate canvassing board may not certify any votes for the candidate. (Section 17-6-21: Contents; amendments; withdrawal of name.) (Code 1896, §1607; Code 1907, §373; Acts 1909, No. 110, p. 277; Code 1923, §463; Code 1940, T. 17, §148; §17-8-2; amended and renumbered by Act 2006-570, p. 1331, §29; Act 2014-6, p. 21, §1.) This one is also really tricky to measure/use for 3 reasons: 

Current popularity doesn't always match historical verdict once the long-term outcome of specific policies shapes out. Witness Venezuela when Chavez was enacting his ideas, vs. Venezuela now, when those ideas led to massive issues the moment oil revenues sustaining the policies evaporated. 

In Colorado, a Secretary of State Scott Gessler found that there is no Constitutional right to a secret ballot, when ID barcodes on ballots were challenged in 2012. 

Voting record (e.g. when did you vote) - remember that checkmark that the volunteer placed against your name before letting you access the voting machine? That's recorded and is a public information Reported with amendment (H. Rept. 113-87), H2802 [20MY] 

H.R. 1417--A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a omprehensive strategy to gain and maintain operational control of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. Are there any rules (specifically, laws) that the proposal would violate? Again, I am not asking if it's a good idea. I'm asking if it is an idea that can be rejected by the government on a basis of violating some rule/law. 

As such, they want to propose an audacious plan of wiring all of Capitol and White House to 100%[1] continuously record full audio and video, capturing all conversations happening there, especially the ones that expose the sausage-making and corruption. 

This applies to both scenarios - Moore dropping out voluntarily OR GOP withdrawing him as candidate: What your friend may have been confusing this with was: 

Alabama Secretary of State explicitly noted that while "sore loser" laws would specifically prevent Strange as the primary loser from appearing on the ballot as printed independent, they don't affect write-ins. "Her last day is all the staff's last day as well," said Jennifer Saenz, who provides general counsel for Gonzales' office. "Then we're all unemployed." It mentions unemployment explicitly, as well as offers further contact: Since the deadline for filing has long passed, as per law quoted above, the only way for a replacement candidate (e.g. Lex Luthor Luther Strange who is frequently floated as an option) is to be a write-in candidate, under Section 17-6-27. [1] - obviously, for privacy reasons, some select rooms like bathrooms would be off-limits to such surveillance. Party affiliation (which political party are you registered with, if any). 

As per Alabama code, Title 17 - Elections, Chapter 6 - ELECTION PREPARATION, Article 2 Ballots, Moore will remain on the ballot because it is less than 76 days before the election. 

One source discussing the bill seems to be this: https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/1417 

This is really difficult to grade objectively, because: 

In Colorado, they are not (source): Objective evaluation of specific outcome is difficult, either due to the fact that it requires passage of time to see how things shake out; or due to the fact that in complicated fragile systems like modern society, causal relationships are nearly impossible to establish for anything but trivial things. Even something as isolated and simple as effect of minimal wage magnitude on low-income employment is inconclusively debated among economists, and this is actually something relatively simple and easy to study, comparatively.