Furthermore, the principle of collective defence is at the very heart of NATO’s founding treaty. It is enshrined in Article 5 of the Washington Treaty. In essence, this states that an attack against one Ally is considered as an attack against all Allies. The treaty made no provision for starting a war unilaterally, and it is by no means certain that all the member states would have gone along with any such military action. The fact that a nuclear first-strike was being considered, rather than an invasion by conventional forces of the type you describe in the question, does appear to correspond with the evidence from the NATO Strategy documents. There was no provision in place for an unprovoked attack by NATOs conventional forces at that time. However, as far as I am aware, to date nothing in the declassified records casts any serious doubt on the official story that the attack was a mistake, resulting from poor communication between units of the IDF and the mis-identification of the vessel. When Kitchener took over in late 1900, he introduced new tactics, borrowing from those used to great effect during the US Civil War (for example by General Sherman in Georgia), in an attempt to break the guerrilla campaign. As Thomas Packenham observed in his book, The Boer War, Kitchener initiated operations to ... The War of 1812 had six official endings: one for at land and five for at sea. The Treaty of Ghent states: "All hostilities both by sea and land shall cease as soon as this Treaty shall have been ratified by both parties as hereinafter mentioned." The American Senate ratified the treaty on February 16th, 1815, making this the earliest defensible date for the end of the war. Consequential fighting on land lasted right up until ratification, well past the Battle of New Orleans. Andrew Jackson and the British invasion force knew that the war hadn't ended with the Battle of New Orleans. Jackson refused to rescind his order for martial law in New Orleans until he received some indication that peace had been reached by negotiators in Europe (Brands p. 287). Of course, why had Denmark-Norway signed this treaty with Russia in the first place? Well, that certainly had something to do with power. It's an issue of ultimate versus proximate causes. The Romans would accept and raise the highborn of allied tribes, hoping to Romanize their future leaders and cement their political and military relationships. Maroboduus was a ward of Augustus. Later, as king of the Marcomanni, he organized a confederation of tribes to defend against Rome. The British, realizing the vulnerability of the Gulf coast, sailed away from New Orleans to American-occupied Spanish-owned Mobile Bay. The Second Battle of Fort Bowyer (February 7-12, 1815) was the last land battle between the British and Americans.* It was the beginning of a British campaign to take Mobile from the Americans. Despite Jackson's boast that "ten thousand men cannot take it," the fort surrendered to the British after a five-day siege. With Fort Bowyer captured, the British prepared to march on Mobile itself. They postponed their attack upon receiving news of the Treaty of Ghent, and they withdrew from the area altogether when they learned that the American Senate had ratified the treaty on February 16. Furthermore, the principle of collective defence is at the very heart of NATO’s founding treaty. It is enshrined in Article 5 of the Washington Treaty. In essence, this states that an attack against one Ally is considered as an attack against all Allies. The treaty made no provision for starting a war unilaterally, and it is by no means certain that all the member states would have gone along with any such military action. Full text of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, 1974-1975 by Shannon Rae Butler on the Internet Archive. The British National Archives hold an extensive collection of records relating to the Second Boer war, including records of the camps. Although relatively few are available online, all are available to view in person at Kew. A number of people, including surviving members of the crew of the USS Liberty, have certainly claimed that the real reason for the attack has been covered up by both governments. There have also been a number of books published on the subject, including Remember the Liberty!: Almost Sunk by Treason on the High Seas, by Ernest Gallo, Ronald Kukal, Phillip Nelson, Phillip Tourney, & Raymond McGovern and The Liberty Incident by Judge A. Jay Cristol. We do know, however, that plans for a nuclear first strike against the Soviets were drawn up for JFK during the 1961 Berlin Crisis. How detailed those plans were remains unclear, but it doesn't appear that other NATO allies were involved. The camps were poorly administered, hygiene was poor and sanitation inadequate. Contrary to popular belief, there was never a policy of deliberately starving Boer families to death (although it is certainly true that there was a two-tier allocation policy, whereby families of men who were still fighting were routinely given smaller rations than others). Internees were issued the same (appalling) food rations as those provided to the British Army at that time. There is an article on this very subject. (http://militaryhistorynow.com/2012/06/12/how-early-photographers-captured-historys-first-images-of-war/). But we don't need to believe there were no other war photos. Since daguerreotype invention in 1839 there were the following wars in which Europeans participated: Really, the reaction to crimes of Hitler or English in Boer war is so strong not because that behaviour was unknown before, but because it was not for long applied to Europeans. The behaviour in colonies or to slaves was not better than these "horrors of XX century". Simply people in colonies were not considered as human beings. BTW, that was the problem of Boers - they were not considered as fully human, by English, too. The problem is that even if we'll find a photo of earlier times, the most probably we won't recognize it as a photo, for they were of very low quality and were drawn on for improvement of the image quality.