mutual dependency is not automatically ambiguous or complex (a fair family structure is natural to humans), 

the choice of those people seems free, but is often really about power (interpersonal dynamics happen and are not evil, nor are they blameworthy 'lower motives'). 

People who talk about qualia are sure they are facts. If they are something intermediate between facts and values, much of their importance evaporates. In the latter case, since values are clearly negotiated, one can fall back on Wittgenstein to resolve the problem, by injecting the perspective that qualia are just artifacts of the social value of definitions. If red is an experientially defined parameter of our interpretation of sensory data to which we train our reactions, and not a quality, then all red things have in common is a social agreement about their likely physical effects on human beings, and not a real common content to our experiences. So to the degree qualia exist and have value, this has to remain unrelated to them. 

The Gay Science is a rambling mass of loosely connected pieces somewhat like the Jewish Wisdom literature in Proverbs or Ecclesiastes. It does not directly develop or converge, and it tries to be more honest to various moments and tropes than to any organizing theme or structure. Many of the segments are short dialog-format jokes. 

The question is akin to asking whether the word 'definition' has a definition. Of course it does. But if you did not already know what a definition was, how could that one define anything? 

The only real way out that leaves noumena intact at all seems to be the Hegelian response is that we perpetually 'move toward' them. But math itself does not work that way: what is entailed is resolved, even if you are not a Platonist. So a mathematical model of dialectic would be a single mathematical structure, whether or not it allows for everything to be resolved with a single pass through any given evolutionary process, or requires infinitely many reversals, or whether it can even be navigated by any possible mind. It is still the closure of some set of entailments that we cannot, by our given nature, question. (Presumably more than countably many basic notions are involved, since otherwise the nature of language keeps us from getting to closure.) The terminal point of the whole of dialectic has to be part of the model. Whether or not anyone can get there, Hegel's endpoint where "We, as God, know God," is in the model. The paradox is that there is no way to discern a rule by simple observation when you cannot state them clearly. In that case, you could never really learn language without Chomsky's 'built-in grammar instinct' that already knows the limits on what is possible valid grammar because grammar itself is evolved to have boundaries. Everett's "magical quality of intelligence" is "selection of world". Unwinding your objection to the Big Bang theory -- the weakest point is that it assumes that time is uniform in a very strong sense. It gets into big trouble if you follow the history of expansion back to when space would have to move objects apart faster than the speed of light in order to expand quickly enough. So, you can toss out the uniformity of time, but then the rationale behind continuously extrapolationing time back across trillions of years gets a little questionable. Why shouldn't time have changed again and again? 

If we accept that (rejecting the counterexample as otherwise explained), an oracle from heaven that simply always gave the correct answer, would, in that sense, not be scientific, because it is privileged access to truth that is not readily passed along or elaborated for other people, or future understanding. This non-linearity complicates the notion of 'levels' or 'degrees' of evolution beyond a very basic, broad scale. And I think it is best done away with to begin with, since, wherever I have seen it as a trope, it is generally racist or classist in origin. 

Overall, in this domain, what most undermines Aristotle is Plato. You misportray history in the question. It is not so much that we had agreement and turned aside from it, as that we ignored the disagreement sometimes. Idealism kept arising in different forms until one stuck. 

Wissenschaft in German historically includes poetry, and Nietzsche makes a point of this by starting and ending the book with poems -- the introduction is in the form of something like drinking songs, and the final section is (slightly) more formal poetry. To me the argument being made seems to be to stretch the word's breadth and just stop being so fussy. I don't see the disconnection needed to make this a non-sequitur. The Copernican Principle is properly applied here, and if anything, too healthy. (From a Nietzsche angle, in rejecting the deductions of our slave-morality religion: that we are all equally special and masters are evil cheaters; we have taken up an even more slave-morality position on specialness: that we are not worthy -- we do not deserve it, but someone must.)