The Trump administration can't expect Mexico to come up with any funds within that timeframe. This got me thinking, can Congress put congressional holds on any funding they see fit? Or are there specifics to as and when they can utilize this privilege? What is the most Executive Orders signed by a US President in a single four year term and whom was it? Gives the Environmental Protection Agency the ability to review Obama's Clean Power Plan With these being the obvious initial goals of the executive order, what are the more long term ones i.e. where does the administration think it will lead? The speaker is chiding Republicans who refused to back the legislation for being too inflexible. He says lawmakers must be "willing to give a little to get something done." (ii) The Presidential Memorandum of June 25, 2013 (Power Sector Carbon Pollution Standards); It has even reached the likes of the United Kingdom regarding a the Welsh town of Colwyn Bay with their participatory budgeting programme. But it just doesn't boil down to simply how they process the same products differently. History will tell you another story in why opinions differ: Did Donald Trump break any laws by asking James Comey to end the Michael Flynn investigation? Donald Trump claims that Mexico will pay for the wall, but surely now he's signed an executive order there would be some form of timeframe for the construction to start taking place? Did the Freedom Caucus expand on how much more was needed to get their vote? or was it simply them saying 'Okay, there's not enough. We're saying no'? The primary empowering aspect of participatory budgeting is the participation of low- income segments of the population and their influence on the decision-making process. PB has encouraged the active participation of various segments of civil society in a process that earlier involved only the elected representatives. While allocating resources, PB gives priority to the needs of the poor, who constitute a majority of the population. According to the official estimate, about 40,000 citizens of Porto Alegre participated in public meetings to allocate about half the city budget in 1999. Hence, the citizens held a considerable responsibility for governing the city of 1.3 million inhabitants. Mr. Comey wrote the memo detailing his conversation with the president immediately after the meeting, which took place the day after Mr. Flynn resigned, according to two people who read the memo. The memo was part of a paper trail Mr. Comey created documenting what he perceived as the president’s improper efforts to influence a continuing investigation. An F.B.I. agent’s contemporaneous notes are widely held up in court as credible evidence of conversations. During his campaign Trump vowed for this move to take place. and thus a failure to repeal Obamacare. In light of this news, Donald Trump puts the blame on Democrats for the failure although, others believe The House Freedom Caucus swayed the vote. What is the difference between receiving a normal presidential medal of freedom and one with distinction? Since 1937 the President is sworn into office on the 20th of the January after the presidential election, why is this so? The Trump administration has begun deliberating whether to move its embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Why would Palestinians deem this proposition offensive? Specifically the introduction explains: Question Why does the state of Georgia not have a hate crime statute? (iv) The Presidential Memorandum of September 21, 2016 (Climate Change and National Security). What more would the ACHA bill have needed to garner support from the House Freedom Caucus? This article indicates that farm interest groups hold a larger say on policy in both regions, they also indicate it's down to how long the process of accepting GM related foods in each region takes: Note: The answer would specify any statements made by representatives on why or any attempts to put in place a statute that didn't pass (or both) “He was supposed to get permission, he was supposed to report it, and he didn’t,” Cummings said. (ii) The Report of the Executive Office of the President of March 2014 (Climate Action Plan Strategy to Reduce Methane Emissions). Politico writes in How a secret Freedom Caucus pact brought down Obamacare repeal: As far as I can tell the executive order: It has been reported that Donald Trump is signing for a temporary ban on refugees. Example Cities Question Would it be possible for US cities to adopt participatory budgeting under the current system? I saw yesterday Joe Biden Jr, was awarded the presidential medal of freedom to which I'd never really saw anything about it before. So I was doing some reading around and noticed that awarded with distinction kept popping up. But without much explanation as to why. What current sources of funding is Donald Trump planning to use? The Obama administration signed a refugee resettlement deal with Australia for refugees settled in Papua New Guinea and the tiny South Pacific island nation of Nauru last year. How would this temporary ban affect this deal? Because history tells a story. Europe is stricter in what they want to be consumed and produced. As Barack Obama delivered the commutation to Chelsea Manning's 35 year sentence down to 7, would President-elect Donald Trump have the ability to reverse that when he becomes President? What is Elijah Cummings referring to? (b) The following reports shall be rescinded: Note: An answer would reflect any of the cities above referencing the aforementioned issues in regards to state policies or you could use the all the cities if state policies don't reflect upon the answer. I'm just querying whether any US cities could adopt PB under the current system.