The uranium-based gun design was the fundamental approach of the project from the beginning. 

Why Thomson choose the bald eagle is unknown, but at the time it was a well-known bird unique to the United States and common in Pennsylvania and Virginia. Also, Thomson attended a school called the New London Academy (later the University of Delaware), which was founded by Rev. Francis Alison, who had been given a large land grant by William Penn located on the Bald Eagle Creek in Pennsylvania, so there may have been eagle symbology at the school. One influence for his design was undoubtedly the seal of the Dutch Republic, the only major other democracy in the world at the time. This seal (shown below) featured a lion holding a cluster of arrows. Thomson may have thought to replace the lion with the eagle and the sword with the olive branch. 

The advantage of following omerta in crime is that it is first and foremost a personal code that requires no courts or authority, so it can operate as a method of justice without a central authority. In criminal activities, this is an advantage because such activities lie outside the courts. For example, if you buy dope and your dealer rips you off, you have no recourse. If you call the police, they will just arrest YOU, not give you justice (this actually happened, btw, some woman called the cops to complain about her dealer ripping her off). For those living within mafia, they always get justice. The advantage of this system compared to undisciplined criminals who have no code should be obvious. 

There was considerable political opposition to the US becoming involved in European affairs again. Perhaps the most influential of these was Charles Lindbergh and the America First organization he was affiliated with. When you read through his speeches and other non-interventionist, you'll see that their main focus was on Europe. These groups fell silent for the most part after the German declaration of war against the US following Pearl Harbor. 

Before that attack followed by the German declaration of war, with the memory of WWI and its aftermath still fresh in the minds of middle age and older Americans, many did not want to become entangled in what they saw as another European war. Most were concerned about the rise of Germany as a power in Europe again although there was much division about the way to deal with it. Lindbergh's idea of "impregnable defense" competed with FDR's limited interventionism. 

People also received a lot of charitable help from friends and neighbors during rough times. Since people were generally less mobile until the 20th century, they tended to form stronger communities, often centered around a church. Even with urbanization, church groups remained an important part of charity from the various Catholic relief agencies to the Salvation Army. 

This legendary self-sufficiency isn't quite as it seems. From Colonial days, almshouses (aka poor houses) and orphanages were around to look after those with no family although this tended to be uneven in application and quality of care. While many of these were affiliated with a church, some were operated by state and local governments. 

The above principles expressed the general thoughts of the movement. The attack on Pearl Harbor shattered the first 2 points, weakened the 3rd and made the last one moot. 

The transition away from religious and other community based organizations toward direct government involvement in providing assistance really began in the late 1800's Progressive movement. Reformers, such as Jane Addams and Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell, wanted to see more government involvement in the care of the poor, indigent and immigrants. They and their recommendations gained support of Progressive candidates such as Teddy Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson and Robert La Follette, Sr. 

As I noted above, Lindbergh's and America First's opinions were the predominate ones when it came to non-interventionism in Europe. 

So, to get back around to your question, the change came primarily from early Progressives who, depending on your point of view, wanted to help the poor and immigrants or who wanted to exploit them to gain political power through buying their votes. 

(6) Meanwhile, the New York bank has credit in pounds sterling and a debit in dollars. The bank accumulates all these debits and credits and consolidates them, so eventually they will have a single credit (or debit) in pounds sterling against a London bank (which will assume the debit from the Liverpool bank). 

I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): 

The United Bank of New York agrees to pay David Chambliss of New Orleans $5,000 on demand. Signed, S.Derby, Treasurer of the United Bank of New York. 

Actually, it was the Sicilians, not Italians. The mafia is an ancient way of life adhered to generally in Sicily for at least 1500 years. The adherent to mafia is known as the mafioso. The code of conduct for the mafioso is known as omerta. It is sort of a poor man's chivalry that stresses vengeance and eye-for-an-eye justice. Sicily was frequently invaded in ancient times and the inhabitants developed mafia as a way of resisting these invaders. When Sicilians later immigrated to other places they retained mafia and continued to practice it. Outsiders tend to see mafia as a type of criminal conspiracy, but actually the Sicilians use it for everything, both lawful businesses and criminal activities. 

(1) Liverpool cotton broker contracts to buy cotton from an American broker in New Orleans. The price will be quoted in pounds sterling on the Liverpool exchange. 

As for how owners were identified, it depended on the place. In a small town or country the poll would be occupied by people who knew and could identify by sight all the property owners in town. If there was some question, the person would bring his deed. A person possessing a deed would be presumed to be the person named on the deed. In many places, especially large cities, when you paid taxes on your property you were given a receipt. This receipt gave you admittance to the polls. If you were a kid, an Indian or a woman, you would find a lawyer or other respectable person you trusted, give them the receipt and they would vote for you.