The paragraph is the most indistinctly defined unit in all of writing theory. In the 19th century it was common for paragraph to run on of a page or two. Today, they often run only a few lines. But these two things do not happen simultaneously in the reader's mind because they have heard the the words before they see the scratch, and therefore the scratch comes after the words in their experience. This is the third question today that I am going to answer with essentially the same point, but stories are fundamentally about a choice of values. To establish the grounds for a story, you must first establish the values that will be at stake. The preservation and transmission of language in an oral tradition depends on different methods. We probably would not have poetry if it were not for the need to preserve and pass on core stories from one generation to the next. Perhaps we would not have music, or at least song, either. But there is an important limitation in prose. It is not possible for two things to happen at once. Unlike a movie director, you cannot show someone speaking and scratching their nose simultaneously. You can write: It should sound very far away from your internal voice. Your internal voice is the voice you use to talk to yourself and it has all kinds of advantages that your public voice cannot share, since you know yourself better, and have a complete stock of shared experiences with yourself, that no member of the public can ever share with you. Why less daunting? It is unclear, at least to me. The thread of argument is the same as it would be if this were still part of the first paragraph (as it certainly would be in 19th and most of 20th century prose). The breaks don't make the argument any easier to understand. And yet somehow this answer will be perceived as easier to read for being in three paragraph rather than one. And, this, I conclude, is why most novelists avoid mixing dialogue and action in most cases, and present dialogue as a simple exchange of speeches with only the minimal use of speech tags and maybe the odd shrug or nod (actions which, in any case, happen in serial, not parallel with speech). Sometimes the cure for boring is not less but more. Establishing the ground of values which will drive the protagonist to the central choice of their story arc is essential work and sometimes it takes time. But it is also congenial time for the reader, building their emotional and moral engagement with the story. What is it people say when they meet someone really special? "We talked all night." Getting to know someone, establishing a relationship that you think is going somewhere, is not merely congenial, it is exciting, thrilling even. That is how it should be with the reader and your protagonist. The reader should feel like they have talked all night, even if they have to read all night to get there. We talk a lot about stakes in fiction, but stakes are love, and only love. Love takes time, but falling in love is the most exciting time of our lives. A rushed opening deprives the reader of the chance to fall in love, and without love all the rest is worthless. Remember that experiment you did back in grade school with the iron filings and the magnet. I think that is a good illustration of how a good piece of writing works. It is not that everything lines up neatly in rows and columns like a database or a spreadsheet. And it is not that all the elements are aligned in the same direction. It is that when you step back and look at the larger pattern, a structure emerges that forms a whole, a unity. But the fear that this will be boring is misplaced, as long as it is done well. Readers understand very well (even if they can't articulate it) that love of home and family is the essential ground of any quest/adventure story. They engage with the experience of that love of place and people because that is the human ground on which all story is based. They are experienced consumers of stories and they recognize (intuitively at least) that establishing the real world is an indispensable part of the story shape. It is not a bitter pill they have to swallow. It is not eating your vegetables before you can have cake. It is an integral part of the pleasure of a story and if it is done well, the reader will take as much pleasure in it as in any other part of the story.