As Wladimir noted, the precise "vs" analysis is impossible since it depends heavily on what kind of armor, weapons, tactics, training and commanders both infantry and cavalry have, as well as economics of society (which heavily influences these things for the cavalry which is a lot more expensive to equip/train, especially heavy cavalry). 

Allows to carry MORE weapons. Both different ones (lance, sword, bow/arrows, whatnot, later on firearms); and replacement throwing ones (e.g. 10 javelins), more arrows. 

Higher position of the fighter 

Also, it's difficult to discuss "cavalry" in general - light vs. heavy was two different beasts tactically. I will try to give some general advantages below, with the understanding that a LOT of those can and have been negated by the infantry with proper responses in tactics/weapons, or heck, a whole lot more infantry. 

General psychological advantage. People can be scared if massive things gallop at you. 

Quickly get in range of attack on slow firing artillery (best example would be Gustavus Adolphus at Breitenfield). 

Your opponent needs to raise weapon/shield higher to parry - tires their arms 

Short Answer In no particular order, some reasons given by classical Chinese writers include: 

I'm not sure why the Oxford Companion to Archaeology chose to credit Meyer over Lepsius here. 

Most of the hypothesised Indo-European Urheimat lays outside of Ukraine, anyway. It might have included parts of Ukraine, but Ukraine was really not a meaningful territorial designation at that time. 

EDIT: I thought that Alexander assumed emperor-esque Persian royal titles, and a brief book glance seemed to corroborate. Upon further investigation that appears to have been a popular misconception. Thanks to @fdb and @YannisRizos for pointing it out. 

This is actually not true. Even in antiquity several Germanic tribes are thought to have moved out of Denmark into the rest of Europe. For example, the Teutones, the Cimbri, and the Ambrones were said to be neighbouring tribes from what is now Denmark. Their arrival in the territories of the Roman Republic sparked the Cimbrian War. It is probable that shorter distance migrations into Germany would've been more common in the same period. 

- Shuckburgh, Evelyn S. A Short History of the Greeks: From the Earliest Times to BC 146. Cambridge University Press, 2013.