After the early bracket play, you have just emerged the Leader of your group only to struggle (3-2) in the Quarter Finals of the IEM against a relatively unknown Terran, SarenS. A long time proponent of “TvZ is imbalanced,” you’re faced again in the semi-finals against another Terran player, Tarson. Once again, you’re forced into your least favorite match up, where you constantly feel you have to outplay your opponent by a significant margin just to beat an “inferior” player. Imagine how that must feel for you, once again to be face to face with an unfair system. 

This is actually the best possible thing to happen for you as a zerg player. He's running just Phoenixes and he has given you map control FOR FREE. 

Zerglings The purpose of that first Photon Cannon in a FFE is to stop Zergling pressure... one of the ways you can counter this is with Zergling pressure. This may seem counter intuitive, but the goal here is to run Speedlings past the range of his Photon Cannons, and into the Expo mineral line. This won't do the kind of Damage you need, but it will prevent him from getting his economy up and running. A great Protoss will handle this by building Zealots and Stalkers, but most Protoss aren't that good and will respond with more Photon Cannons. Ideally, you want him investing money in Photon Cannons (which he can't use aggressively), while not getting his economy up. This will put you largely a head (especially off 3 Bases), and allow you to dominate him in the mid game (Zerg's strength), with a 200/200 army (and maybe some drops if you're feeling creative). 

As far as community created multiplayer maps, there are numerous survival types of maps out on the custom games list that players play versus an AI, some are story driven, some are survival. Select join a custom game, then in the category drop down select "Co-op vs. AI" 

Maurader/ghost/viking is a decent composition, but you have to have marines in there as well. Stimmed marines are the highest DPS unit in the game (not counting storms/fungal over a group of units). When the fights start, make sure your vikings are target firing the colossi, a few shift right clicks in the fight will reduce their numbers much better than just A-moving them in. By keeping colossi numbers down, your infantry army is that much stronger. 

Another good thing to target are SCVs that are building something. This is will slow down the production of the building forcing them to pull another SCV off harvesting duty to finish the building. This will slow down their economy allowing you to pull ahead in the resources game. If you can outright destroy the building in production that's even better as the resources spent on building it are completely lost forever. Tempest The Tempest is a long ranged siege ship, mostly in an offensive capability. It has a massive attack range and does heavy damage against massive air units (Carriers, Battle cruisers, Brood lords, etc.). Again this is a slow unit. The usage behind this would be much like using brood lords or siege tanks (or guardians from Brood war if you want to go back farther). They have a slow fire rate as well so you want to ensure they are protected while they rain down damage from the skies. The biggest benefit of this unit is that it can hit both air and ground. Because of its massive range the unit can attack farther than it can see. You will need other units leading the way to ensure this unit has maximum benefit. It also upgrades into a Heart of the Swarm version of the Mothership, which compared to the Wings of Liberty version, has Time Warp instead of Vortex. 

After the early bracket play, you have just emerged the Leader of your group only to struggle (3-2) in the Quarter Finals of the IEM against a relatively unknown Terran, SarenS. A long time proponent of “TvZ is imbalanced,” you’re faced again in the semi-finals against another Terran player, Tarson. Once again, you’re forced into your least favorite match up, where you constantly feel you have to outplay your opponent by a significant margin just to beat an “inferior” player. Imagine how that must feel for you, once again to be face to face with an unfair system. Roach Play An alternative to Speedling pressure off 3 Base, is to instead go for 2 Base Roach play. As I mentioned earlier you can easily saturate your 2 Base faster than he can saturate his, so you should be able to get a strong, early Roach ball going. I like to make a nice push around 7 Minutes. Chances are he won't have had time to put together a large army, as his second base will just be kicking in and he won't have recouped his earlier investment (bases take a long time to recoup). In this situation you can abuse the fact that Photon Cannons mean you can dictate the point of engagement. With a little Brinkmanship you should be able to catch his army out of position and snipe his Photon Cannons, or push into the Expo.