Steam Achievement Manager counts as a bot or cheat (TF2 Wiki considers it as hacking), if not just an unauthorized third-party software, therefore is against the Steam Subscriber Agreement. Don't Starve, add your CD key from steam to the end of the link. Then, you can install the game with this: Yes, it does. There isn't anything in the Subscriber Agreement against it. The games you buy are yours forever (or rather a very long time) and can be installed on as many computers as you want (unless the game has a limit on its own, but the same limitation would likely be on the physical edition too). Most DRM-Free games can be copied once downloaded from Steam. When you run it, you can login with, In fact, you can use the same mobile phone number on multiple steam accounts too. I think that simply telling your son to either not use the words he sees (let's be honest: he'll get exposed to it sooner or later) are not nice words or just disabling chat inside the game and telling him to not change the settings explaining your worries should suffice. So, to block it from inside the game, open Options, go to Gameplay and set "Text Chat" (and "Voice Chat") as disabled. If I get a cheater ban from Overwatch for ~1 year, will the text of "1 game bans on record" go away when the ban lifts? You can download it for Windows here, the instructions for Linux and Mac is available on the SteamCMD's wiki page. YNAB/You Need A Budget, you can download it, and activate it with the key from steam. Most games aren't available from non-steam platforms if you bought it from Steam, but these are: Steam is generating billions of dollars every year and is unlikely to go bankrupt, and even if it did, most developers would provide a way to move your games to another platform, like most developers did when Desura went bankrupt. Note: Everything might not look the same, as I use some addins (steamdb is displayed in first picture, lastpass in third) and your language might be different. First off, ensure that you're logged in to the same account. Even if you change the config files manually, it can be undone from inside the game. In CS:GO, your sticker needs to be voted positively (by a fairly big number of people) and it'll get reviewed by Valve after that. If they feel like the sticker fits the game, it'll be accepted and will be considered for distribution through a sticker capsule. Yes, it is against the Steam Subscriber Agreement. These games give out a key that can be used on non-steam versions: S.T.A.L.K.E.R Series, just put your key from steam, and it'll give you a DRM-free version of it. Be aware that not all keys work. Then set the download path with, Secondly, ensure that you're using Mobile Steam Guard and not Email Steam Guard, which'd email you the sell approval. Evochron Mercenary, when you download and launch it, it'll ask for your key, which you can find from steam's CD Key feature. It is against Steam Subscriber Agreement which you agreed by creating a steam account, buying a game or buying/selling something from/on the Steam Community Market. You can try to download them with SteamCMD, if they are DRM-Free. Also it is clearly stated that you can (and recommended to if you are setting up a dedicated server) create another account: You can replace the (gamesteamid) part with the game's steam id, which you can find by opening the game's link. So, no, you can't simply get the sticker to your inventory. In past, the TF2 "Announcer" took the items that were obtained through hacked achievements back for one week, which shows that Valve doesn't accept them. This also shows that it is not authorized by Valve. The Witcher Series, just input the key from Steam, and GoG will provide you a DRM-Free copy. SpaceChem, once you download it, you can activate it with the activation code you can find in the activation.key file in the one you downloaded from steam (you need to first download the game from steam)