This is an interesting question. My conclusion is that Player 2, knowing that Player 1 has an Ace, has the advantage, but it won't be easy to win! 

Depending on skill, Player 2 can also bluff at a lot of boards. The board texture is going to be either very good or very scary for Player 1. So, as stated above, a board with good draws, that miss the Ax range, are good to make a move at and represent those hands. All your low straights and majority of flushes have the potential to be hands where Player 2 can push Player 1 off their Ace. So Player 2 could consider playing all monochrome boards and connected boards that provide multiple straight possibilities. Again, Player 1 is somewhat locked-in to the range (albeit a high one!) but that means that the low stuff is going to miss them too! That's the part that Player 2 can exploit and potentially win over the long run. 

For the purposes of this answer, Player 1 is the one with the Ax hand. Player 2 is the player with the non-Ace hand. I'm also assuming that Player 2 has a random hand - in other words, sometimes their starting hand will also include an Ace. 

If Player 2 knows the opponent has an Ace, then it would be imperative to narrow down their range drastically and only play things like Broadway cards with an Ace in the hand. Anything else and they are taking too many risks. 

Having said all that, in the process of writing all this, I've also come up with countermoves for Player 1. Basically, they would need to play very aggressive pre-flop. You would need to make it very, very expensive for Player 2 to enter the pot. You need to avoid those board textures that give a lot of draws; best way to do that is raise, raise, raise pre-flop! Player 1 would NEVER just check or call pre-flop. In this process, they would win by blinding-off their opponent and giving Player 2 no cheap flops. The Ace is most valuable pre-flop. After that, the equity is more likely to drop than anything else. 

So, it's not easy, but in order to win, Player 2 would need to be willing to showdown relatively frequently with trashy hands and be prepared to lose with some of those hands. They would need to keep a tight range that keeps all the Broadways with an Ace and occasionally also show down with J2o and T4s 

And that's really where the advantage comes in - Player 2 can balance their range. But Player 1, with the Ace, is basically "locked-in" to their range! This is the angle that needs to be exploited in order for Player 2 to win. 

However, Player 2 narrowing down the range in this manner gives Player 1 a lot of information too! Player 2 needs to avoid a scenario where Player 1 always knows that they are on an Ace. So Player 2 would have to do some range balancing in order to throw Player 1 off their cards. 

Furthermore, the advantage comes from the one card knowledge, as opposed to something else like position. 

Player 2 would also consider playing other things that flop well and completely miss the range for Player 1. For example something like 8♥ 9♥ wouldn't be a terrible hand if the flop gives Player 2 multiple draws and/or a pair. If you can get to a board like that, then the hands are worthwhile to consider. 

Poker, played correctly, is not gambling in my opinion. And I think this is a good way to explain EV to non-poker players or new players. The idea in poker is to do two things - make correct decisions based on available information and to maximize your EV (at least make sure it's positive). If you do both, then you will eventually come out ahead. It's just a mathematical certainty. High end poker or WSOP tournament play poker is a skill-based competition that eventually focuses on the subtlties of decision making, reading players, throwing off your opponents ability to make the correct decision and EV maximization. 

Then I explain that the poker player does some very basic math to determine if they have an odds advantage over another player based on thier cards and what they think the other player has. However, just because a player might be "behind" in a hand doesn't mean they are gambling. The other part of the decision is to see how much money/chips they stand to win as compared to their current odds of winning. If they have a 1 in 3 chance of winning (e.g. open end straight draw or flush draw), then as long as they are getting better than 2 to 1 from the pot, then it's a good decision to call a bet - it's not gambling. It's a positive EV. If you are ahead in the hand, make sure your "value" bet is big enough to not give your opponent, who is on a draw, the correct EV. Simple as that. Keep making good decisions like that and you will come out ahead in the long run. You might crash and burn occasionally and there is some "luck" involved, but poker is a game to be played over the long haul - like the casinos operate. Players who have a negative EV, like those that "chase" hands or are a "calling station", even though they will catch every now and then according to the odds, will eventually loose all thier money. Simple as that.