The number of "votes" to have, whether to include the SO logo, and other details are subject to change. 

I still think Stack Exchange sites should try to work with existing expert communities. But you know what? We don't have to wait for Joel, or Jeff, or anyone "official" to proselytize. Jeff even kinda sorta addressed this in his blog post Helping The Experts Get Answers, but that's small-scale. What is it like, I wonder? O! I beseech you to tell me. You, who consume crosshatched cakes; you, who unite with unicorns; you, the foremost of the freehanders; you, who prance with ponies. Are you embarassed that your Meta rep is higher than your SO/SF/SU rep?* 

When you "first began to frequent Meta," the place was a small store where people came to hang out more than to actually buy stuff. To be honest, I think we've settled into a nice happy medium place now. 

Please remember, if you're going to remove untagged from a question, make darn sure you're fixing everything that's wrong with that question, because people looking through the untagged list after you won't see it anymore. The problem with this, of course, is that it's not good for i18n; residents of some countries prefer warm beer, I've heard. ← Apparently, that's just a myth. Thanks, commenters! 

The first SO users may not have been numerous, but they were experts, and they set a high bar for quality on day one. That quality led to people having respect for SO, which led to other experts showing up, and... well, you know the rest. Without the great content — and, yes, the crowd-pleasing poll questions — that those first users contributed, it wouldn't have mattered how cleverly the SO system was designed. In short, the impact of the first users was much larger than their numbers alone would suggest. 

I think there are few enough questions on MSO that the existing bloc of too-involved MSO users would be able to knock out such a queue in a few days, even if we required multiple agreeing reviewers. Or maybe this only seems like a good idea because it's the middle of the night and I can't sleep. Stack Overflow steins should just have images of the voting buttons on the side, with the upvote button changing color to orange when in the cold, "containing beer" state. 

Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE.