They identify the size of the formation. That Free French unit you referred to with one X is actually a brigade, not a division. Similarly, the Greek and German unit facing each other German unit both have a single X, and has been explicitly labelled as brigades. All other units, including the Italian one you mentioned, have XX - indicating they are divisions. It was also at Mountbatten's instigation, when he arrived in Washington D.C. later on 9 June, that Robert Frederick was given command of the unit. Operation Plough was now rapidly turning into a reality, so Mountbatten then took Frederick and Pike with him to enlist the Canadians. Great Britain might not have the resources to participate, but the nature of the unit made the Dominion of Canada an obvious candidate for representing the British Commonwealth. The British East India Company raised three forces between 1740-1757. These became known as the Presidency Armies, named after the three Presidencies in India under Company rule. They were the: In general, the importance of the broadside meant it's difficult to imagine ships of the line being positioned, let alone tied, side to side, either defensively or offensively. For contrast, the Mediterranean galley fleets of the Late Middle Ages mainly relied on crossbow fire followed by boarding. They were thus often linked in a line abreast, even for attacking, in order to maintain a cohesive formation. In the case of fighting platforms such as those at Sluys, chaining ships side by side would've been the logical first choice. Note that linking vessels up was not really an unknown tactic even late into the Age of Sail. However, as the question noted, chaining ships together in the style of Sluys became wildly impractical with the advent of ship borne cannon. Sluys was in large part a land battle, with armies moving on what was basically wooden islands. In later engagements, the ships were spaced too far apart for this kind of action. When war breaks out, although an army would march into the field with whatever supplies it could carry, this would have been only good for a few days. The individual X's do not represent "brigades". Instead, each X goes up one level in the hierarchy of formations. See below for what they correspond to (though different services/countries may use their own localisation). In the Battle of the Nile, for example, the French ships of the line were 160 yards apart (Wikipedia has an illustration of the deployments). The French were supposed to string cables between each other, bow to stern, in order to prevent the English ships from cutting through their line, though evidently this wasn't fully completed. This can indeed be described as "chained together", but it bears little resemblance to the medieval tactic. The Takeda attack destroyed the first palisades, but was unable to break through much further. Their army ended up smashing themselves against the second line. I can see how that could be described as "sappers" failing before the Oda defences. In the Chu Kingdom, their military system used 150 soldiers per chariot. This has been attributed to Chu having more men and less chariots than her Central Plains rivals.