But our submarines are on the attack, and a submarine running deep cannot see or attack. Our submarines have to spend their nights on the surface charging batteries and hunting, and their days either submerged avoiding aircraft and saving battery power, or hunting at periscope depth, but also vulnerable to ASW aircraft. Stuck in a narrow box of ocean, they're easy pickings for ASW aircraft and ships who can patrol over the area again and again and again until they've hunted them all down. 

To give an idea of the scope of Lend-Lease, I found this contemporary account of the complete British Lend-Lease supply to the Soviet Union during WWII by the British Prime Minster. It is truly breathtaking in scope. Tanks, guns, trucks, weapons, ships, ammo, radar, radios, telephones, cables, tires, camouflage, mines, aircraft, oil, copper, iron, aluminum, diamonds, rubber, wool, food, machine parts, power plants, medicine. 

Recommends that the Franco Government of Spain be debarred from membership in international agencies established by or brought into relationship with the United Nations... Light cruisers and destroyers were often thinly armored and were vulnerable. They weren't valuable targets in and of themselves, but they would form the picket line of anti-aircraft defenses up to 80km away from the fleet. As such, they were a target to roll back a fleet's AA defenses. As testified by this list of all ships lost by the US Navy and Coast Guard, destroyers got hit hard. 

The Soviet 76mm F-34 of the T-34 struggled to penetrate the front armor of a German tank even at 100 yards. The 85mm ZiS-S-53 fared significantly better if the crew could hit the target; Soviet tank crews were often poorly trained and their optics were poor. The Germans wanted to send more, but there were none available. Most were unsuitable to escort Bismarck. Those which were suitable were damaged. Flying low over the ocean in a WWII fighter while under fire is a surprisingly difficult task, one that many poorly trained kamikaze pilots would not be able to accomplish. Flying low wouldn't get you under AA, but it might get you under radar or difficult to spot in the haze. Poorly trained pilots were likely to crash into the ocean, get hit by a wave, or fly too high and be detected. Japan had a small domestic oil production, a few million barrels, but not nearly enough to meet their peacetime needs let alone war. What they did have is enough oil refineries with a capacity of almost a year's peacetime consumption. If they could get the oil to Japan, they could refine it into fuel. They were also heavily invested in synthetic oil plants to convert coal, tar and shale into oil. Even sugar, rice, nuts and pine were converted to oil. While the IS-2 was a "heavy" tank, it weighed the same as a Panther medium tank, but with heavier armor and a much larger gun while retaining similar range and decent mobility. This was a far more balanced design than either the Churchill or Tigers and sets it apart. 

Here is a Lend-Lease P-39Q Aircobra at the Aviation Museum of Central Finland, shot down and captured by the Finns during WWII. For an appreciation of the troubles of a WWII submarine, I recommend the famous fictional but quite accurate German submarine movie Das Boot. They even have to transit the Strait. 

An Allied tank would fire white phosphorus into the corners to suppress, obscure, or drive off the German machine gun crews and then keep up suppressing fire without exposing the sides of the tank. Mortars and grenades would suppress the surrounding fields to keep the Germans from taking up flanking positions. Finally, engineers would blow a hole in the hedgerow (using pipes shoved in by the tank) to allow the tank to advance for close support. I can think of a list of things which either excelled at the time or were feats not matched in the whole war. A good warship for commerce raiding is fast, both to catch enemy ships and run from warships, fuel efficient to keep at sea for as long as possible, and carries heavy armament to rapidly sink enemy ships from long range. Bismarck could make 30 knots and cruise for 10,000 miles, there were few heavy ships in the Germany Navy which could keep up. Keep in mind that an excellent weapon system is not just the one with the best attributes, but also produced in significant numbers to make an impact on the war ("quantity has a quality all its own"). It has to fit the battlefield conditions and be usable within a soldier's (often inadequate) training. It has to be easy to transport and maintain, or expected to be destroyed so quickly that it doesn't matter. Ideal German tactics in the bocage would employ a hidden, turretless tank destroyer, probably a Sturmgeschütz III, or a towed anti-tank gun, firing down the most likely lane of approach. This would be backed by a few crew served machine guns, plus infantry armed with submachine guns (high rate of fire at short range) and hand held anti-tank weapons (probably panzerfaust) to mop up.