If you look at how well the Apostle Paul spread the Faith, particularly among the gentiles, how he (and all of the Apostles and Church Fathers) spread the Good News (of Jesus), and if you consider that the Faith remains alive and well 2000 years later then God chose his servant(s) well. The Good News is now available all over the world, for those who will listen, which it wasn't when Paul had that experience on the way to Damascus. 

The distinction between "latria" and other "worship" or rendering of honor and veneration From St Thomas Aquinas: (Question 94) 

§2. For this reason, a valid matrimonial contract cannot exist between the baptized without it being by that fact a sacrament. 

Can. 1083 §1. A man before he has completed his sixteenth year of age and a woman before she has completed her fourteenth year of age cannot enter into a valid marriage. §2. The conference of bishops is free to establish a higher age for the licit celebration of marriage. Can. 1085 §1. A person bound by the bond of a prior marriage, even if it was not consummated, invalidly attempts marriage. Can. 1087 Those in sacred orders invalidly attempt marriage. Can. 1088 Those bound by a public perpetual vow of chastity in a religious institute invalidly attempt marriage. Can. 1089 No marriage can exist between a man and a woman who has been abducted or at least detained with a view of contracting marriage with her unless the woman chooses marriage of her own accord after she has been separated from the captor and established in a safe and free place. Can. 1090 §1. Anyone who with a view to entering marriage with a certain person has brought about the death of that person’s spouse or of one’s own spouse invalidly attempts this marriage. §2. Those who have brought about the death of a spouse by mutual physical or moral cooperation also invalidly attempt a marriage together. Can. 1091 §1. In the direct line of consanguinity marriage is invalid between all ancestors and descendants, both legitimate and natural. §2. In the collateral line marriage is invalid up to and including the fourth degree. §3. The impediment of consanguinity is not multiplied. §4. A marriage is never permitted if doubt exists whether the partners are related by consanguinity in any degree of the direct line or in the second degree of the collateral line. Can. 1092 Affinity in the direct line in any degree invalidates a marriage. 

As a practicing Christian, my only hope is for salvation through Jesus Christ. I note that scripture addresses salvation; in the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church, the Bible is (among other things) a record of Man's salvation history. In Paul's letters, being justified is proclaimed to be of profound importance. 

Put another way, Tradition and Scripture have been together since the beginning. It is not a valid question to ask as framed (since it is based on a faulty premise) whether the Church's teaching renders Scripture as insufficient. The Church does not teach that about Scripture. Furthermore, when it reviews Holy Tradition one of the tests is that it not contradict Scripture. 

From the first moment of his existence, a human being must be recognized as having the rights of a person - among which is the inviolable right of every innocent being to life. 

St Thomas Aquinas' on the glorified body St Thomas Aquinas Summa presents that Christ's glorified body was his own body, glorified. (Thus, if we are to be "like Him" our own body (glorified) is what we'll have at that point.) 

Saint Thomas Aquinas concludes that we will not eat in Heaven. (Summa Theologica, Question 81) 

He didn't need to. He's provided the entire Church (in terms of all of the Faithful, the entire (mystical) Body of Christ) to get His word out and to witness to Him. All of those who have answered the call to Faith, to be in a state of communion with God (CCC 1-10) are like Samuel (or should be). Speak Lord, for your servant is listening. 

It is reasonable to argue that the inherent meaning in both terms remains rooted to the "single community of the faithful" and the modifiers connote roles within the greater body of the faithful aka the universal/catholic church. At this point I think I hear some angels putting on their ballet slippers ... 

366 The Church teaches that every spiritual soul is created immediately by God - it is not "produced" by the parents - and also that it is immortal: it does not perish when it separates from the body at death, and it will be reunited with the body at the final Resurrection. 

From that combination, the meaning comes across as either that 

Scriptural verses that inform this teaching include: 

The passages in Matthew 19 and Mark 10 are pretty clear about Moses permitting divorce because the peoples' hearts had hardened, while the original law is that "two shall become one flesh" which Jesus pointedly reminds his audience. (You're Doing It Wrong!).