Also, by technical definition, contemplate does not mean comprehend Note: This answer was written before the OP was edited. A more direct answer is marked below, the following is build-up. Additionally, the Bible talks numerous times of the mystery of God's nature and plan... Also, we're going to be in heaven for eternity learning about God. If it takes an eternity to learn about God, don't worry that you don't understand it all right now. A few verses down David implores God: Try to remember I can't figure it out. This is hard, because it's a fundamentally different from the narcissistic mindset we naturally have. You have to start knowing that no matter how hard you or anyone else tries, you won't figure it all out. Try to figure out as much as possible anyways. We're supposed to learn about God (how can you worship someone you don't even know?). When you hit a paradox, stop. When you encounter something that the Bible doesn't explain, don't try to reason it out. The Bible leaves it alone for a reason. Don't try to compress the Trinity into the phases of water; the analogy fails miserably. (though it can be a helpful illustration). Paradoxes are there both because God is greater than us and to remind us of that. So don't worry! You don't have to figure it all out. It's quite mysterious and amazing, but, we can learn. After all, we've been given the entire Bible to study. Several other sites list the Dead Sea scrolls dating to the first century A.D. The understanding of inspiration understood by Baptists (and many others) is that God allowed the authors to use their own literary style, but still write the exact meaning He wanted them to convey. This makes sense, because each book, each author clearly does have their own style. These fragments now increase our holdings as follows: we have as many as eighteen New Testament manuscripts from the second century and one from the first. Altogether, more than 43% of all New Testament verses are found in these manuscripts. But the most interesting thing is the first-century fragment. I don't think that it is a matter of "limiting" God. I guess I've never heard anyone say that the theory is invalid because it "limits God". When confronted by Satan, Jesus appealed to the Old Testament as a source of authority by stating, "It is written," (Matt. 4:4, 7, 10). It's not even a Christian perspective that's needed. It's a historical one. I think that "is there Biblical evidence" is a completely different question than "do old earth Christians believe". To answer the other question, there are a whole range of beliefs that Christians hold - from Young-Earth Creationism to Old-Earth Creationism, theistic evolution, and full belief in evolution. Some Christians really just see the Biblical account as allegorical - just a story, but believe in the less "outlandish" things in the Bible. A few verses down David implores God: Note: This answer was written before the OP was edited. A more direct answer is marked below, the following is build-up. The Psalms are a great place to go for this. Psalm 143:5 says He's meditating on God's actions and word, but he's still asking God to teach him. He's marveling, wondering, thinking upon the truths of God's covenant with him and Israel, but he certainly doesn't have it figured out. So don't worry! You don't have to figure it all out. It's quite mysterious and amazing, but, we can learn. After all, we've been given the entire Bible to study. Try to remember I can't figure it out. This is hard, because it's a fundamentally different from the narcissistic mindset we naturally have. You have to start knowing that no matter how hard you or anyone else tries, you won't figure it all out. Try to figure out as much as possible anyways. We're supposed to learn about God (how can you worship someone you don't even know?). When you hit a paradox, stop. When you encounter something that the Bible doesn't explain, don't try to reason it out. The Bible leaves it alone for a reason. Don't try to compress the Trinity into the phases of water; the analogy fails miserably. (though it can be a helpful illustration). Paradoxes are there both because God is greater than us and to remind us of that.