Detroit News: Half of Detroit's Ballots May Be Ineligible For Recount 

So, the GOP could get the kind of person they always wanted for that seat. They can push back on accusations that they are the kinds of misogynists who would not believe (without extraordinary proof) women who accuse powerful white men of abuse or harassment. They can claim the mantle of taking the most pro-woman actions possible for the situation. And because of these side issues, people are going to help, not oppose them, in getting their more favored (by the party and leadership) person into that seat. 

There really is no "do-over" mechanism spelled out in the Constitution. If a sworn-in president would be shown to have had a hand in shennanigans, certainly that would qualify as reason for impeachment (the specific criteria for what someone can be impeached for was left very open-ended and vague in the Constitution), but popular sentiment would have to be such that politicians for that president's party would feel threatened enough to put aside partisan wagon-circling for doing what's right (in other words, in the current state of US politics, no chance at all). 

Or, if a president did not have a hand in it and was highly ethical, they could step down, but that would only put their running mate into power. It would have to be the supremely implausible scenario of the sitting president having the VP resign, appointing the losing presidential candidate to be the new VP, and then resigning, in order for it to be a voluntary "righting of wrongs," I'd think. 

If he's elected, and they act to remove and replace him, it could wind up being a huge boon for the party. Given that set of circumstances and all the advantages, I think it would be highly unlikely that the GOP would not remove him, which is why I didn't directly address the last sentence of your question as much as deal with how they can use the situation to their advantage. 

Our overly litigious society and rule of law precludes common sense or common good overriding the actual pedantic reading of the letter of the law, even if an obvious case for common sense should arise. 

With our adversarial court system and heavily partisan politicization of the judicial system over the past few decades, I think it's highly unlikely that such a thing would happen. You'd have dueling, possibly politically-fueled contradictory rulings going up through the court system, definitely winding up at the Supreme Court. 

I believe his "even if there wasn't a 22nd Amendment" was not a statement that he would be otherwise ineligible, but, rather, would not be interested. 

That might seem to thwart "justice" in some cases, but if that wasn't the case, you'd have an imperial judiciary that could write law and would be above any checks and balances that the US system is built upon. 

1. Traditional influences People are usually paid their wages on Fridays and thus they'll spend the day at the pub. This would result in pressure from Conservative brewing interests. While on Sundays, people attend church, and could be influenced by Liberal leaning church ministers. So, it's desirable to hold it on a Thursday in the past as it's the most further from both Friday and Sunday. 

The most recent example would be Gordon Brown, who won the Labour leadership election unopposed and didn't call for any election, thus remaining an unelected PM. 

Advocates for a second Scottish independence referendum 

Article by Politico: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/evan-mcmullin-running-mate-227803 

panel analysis, uses both the campaign and the postelection surveys. It examines change (or absence of change) between the vote intention indicated during the campaign and the actual vote reported after the election, and it relates this to change between the poll information available at the time the individual was interviewed during the campaign and the information available by Election Day 

So, in this unconventional election, the states that have exceptionally close polling numbers are Arizona, Iowa and Ohio where both candidates have changed leads throughout the election. 

As to whether a new general election will be called will depend on the new Prime Minister. It's also legally not required for an unelected PM to call a general election and there have been many former Prime Ministers who assumed office unelected and did not call for any election. 

Update: Evan McMullin has chosen Mindy Finn as his running mate, so what would happen to 'Nathan Johnson' who is still on the ballot? 

Though Hillary Clinton has hinted that she would compete in Texas, I do doubt that it's a swing state, it's still considered Republican-leaning and Trump is still a favourite to win. 

polls reveal information about the likelihood of a policy passing or the election of a candidate, so people resolve cognitive dissonance (“Policy X is going to pass, but Policy X makes me unhappy”) by switching to the side they believe is going to win 

Basically, there are some of the theories on why UK elections are always held on a Thursday. Most news articles cited tradition as the main reason. 

An example may be the 2016 US Presidential Election in which Clinton consistently polled above Trump, thus Clinton supporters assume that it's a sure-win for her, resulting in a low turnout rate for Clinton1. 

According to an article by the Politico, it quoted an official from Utah saying that changing it now isn't allowed: