The answer is that it wasn't that expensive. A pound of spices might cost several days' worth of wages for an average craftsman, but a pound of pepper is a lot of pepper. It was a luxury item, to be sure, but it wasn't completely out of reach for the average middle class professional. Furthermore, that is not at all a prohibitive sum for the wealthy, which includes the ranks of not only the aristocracy, but also the growing class of merchants and higher level professionals and other large land owners. 

It's important to note that concrete information on how shields were used is scant, so a large part of any discussion on this subject is speculation and logic. This situation can be contrasted In Southern France, where the stem family system eventually developed during the Late Middle Ages. That pattern became predominant by the onset of the Early Modern period. This may sound unintuitive, but a new kingdom could not be trivially proclaimed. Calling yourself a king has very little meaning if it isn't recognised by anyone else. For maximum acceptance by your peers and subjects, therefore, your new kingdom had to be properly constituted by the lawful authorities. 

The claim that spices were worth their weight in gold (quite an exaggeration to tell the truth, for all but saffron) also shows why the spices had a market. Gold and silver were expensive, and yet there was clearly a market for it. The Spanish shipped in shiploads of it from the New World, for instance. Spices, which were cheaper and yet consumables, would logically have a bigger market as long as Europeans have a demand for them as luxury goods. 

- Forgeng, Jeffrey L., and Jeffrey L. Singman. Daily life in Medieval Europe. Greenwood Publishing Group, 1999. 

That is, the benefits were less meaningful, and yet the drawbacks more serious, for leg infantry. 

Szarmach, Paul E., M. Teresa Tavormina, and Joel T. Rosenthal, eds. Routledge Revivals: Medieval England: An Encyclopedia. Taylor & Francis, 1998. Another example comes from Scottish jurists during the Union of the Crown. Here we see the doctrine being connected to divine rights, with kingship compared to baptism. 

The Normans were supporters of William's claims, and tried hard to airbrush Harold's kingship out of history after the Conquest. Harold's claim to the crown was principally based on being nominated as heir by the last king, which helped him win the election. If Edward's bequest had not happened, why wouldn't the Normal writers call it out? Why would they even admit Edward designated Harold? 

Of course, the weight of animals did not stay constant throughout the whole of the Middle Ages. They were even smaller during the earliest centuries,2 and seemed to have gradually became larger close to the Early Modern period.3 

Conducted by the Abbot of the eponymous abbey in the early 9th Century, it contained 1,742 households with over 8,600 inhabitants between them. Analysis of the Polyptych produces the following breakdown: 

Crown Prince is a generic term for heirs to royal titles. The more general version of the term, which is applicable to noble titles in general, is heir apparent. Since duchies do not have a specialised word for their heirs, the equivalent of Crown Princes for dukes is the generic heir apparent. - Abulafia, David. Frederick II: a Medieval Emperor. Oxford University Press, USA, 1988. - Herlihy, David. Medieval Households. Harvard University Press, 1985. In addition, some shoes were made with wooden soles, which allowed for footwear with hard soles (turnshoes could only be made with soft ones). This mainly took the form of pattens, and were effectively wooden slippers. Of course, highly priced luxury items by their nature are not traded in high volumes. Neither was spices: the supply, in Europe, was severely limited. Much later when the VOC gained its spice trade monopoly, the Dutch began shipping around 270 tons of cinnamon per year, which was at the time a vast quantity that outstripped local supplies. Contrast that with modern cinnamon production of ~35,000 tons. And as more and more trade routes were established and transplanted spices started to be growing in more places, supply enlarged and the value of spices fell.