Coda If a member of the faith community just can't accept that dogma, there are likely other things someone can't or won't accept. That can lead to a different form of self-excommunication, which results in trying to find another path. There's risk in that approach -- it is a choice that can result in point 2 becoming true even if it is not true by default. 

From elsewhere in the Catechism ... a person receives the state of grace upon Baptism, wherein all sins are washed away. Losing that state of grace is possible, and happens when mortal sin is committed. Restoration of the state of baptismal grace requires the sacrament of penance and reconciliation (confession and penance). (There are books written on this subject; this is the short version). 

Faith as actually practiced is as much experiential as it is requirements based for real people, as opposed to people depicted in a hypothesis or argument. Faith as a life journey can be quite difficult. Jesus warns his disciples of that in Matthew 16:24 

Minor breaches are classified as venial sin, which is related to the scripture that states that "there is sin that is not mortal." (1 John 5:17) 

You wrote: "These people had NO CHANCE to hear the gospel. Yet the above verses all show that God desires all to be saved. Doesn't that logically imply that people can be saved without coming to believe in the Gospel?" 

Those verses logically imply that people can be saved without coming to believe in the gospel. But you did not include another verse, John 14:6, which states that no one goes to the Father but through Jesus. That's why #2 is correct. 

I am not a Catholic, and I found this book highly informative. You can get a copy from http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/what-catholics-really-believe-karl-keating/1100073860?ean=9780898705539 

Modern Christians have various ideas of salvation since Jesus came (going to heaven when you die; free from the curse of the law; set free from the flesh, the devil and the world; adopted into God's family, etc.). 

You don't state it, but it appears that your real question is one that has been asked thousands of times: "What about those who have never heard the Gospel? Isn't it unfair that they would go to @#!*% when they did not have the chance to hear the gospel and be saved?" If this is your question, you should ask it. 

But if we continue in the flesh and not die to it, then we will know self-condemnation or self-righteousness. Paul counted everything he formerly trusted in as loss so that he may have the righteousness of Christ (Phil. 3:8-9). He didn't think it enough to believe in Jesus for salvation once long ago. To get the righteousness that receives a reward, all his trust needed to be in Christ. He "died to sin" in that he ceased trusting in old forms of righteousness. 

This is a reckoning faith in that the Bible says this process is true and ready to be put into action, and when we reckon it is so and practice it, then we enjoy its benefits. 

I've read a bulletin by missionaries who have heard of Muslims having a dream in which they see a man with wounds in his hands and feet telling them to go to the Christians and ask them about him. So God is still speaking to men today, using men and women to reach out to them. 

According to What Catholics Really Believe: 52 Answers to Common Misconception About the Catholic Faith by Karl Keating (Ignatius Press): 

Notice that Paul's words presuppose that the faithful Christian is not just desiring to be righteous, but is actively working toward it. This is the second half of the justification equation, and Protestants either miss or ignore it." [italics in original. p100.] 

3) We become like those we associate with. We naturally conform to the culture in which we take part. If their tendency is to defer to the local leadership or local custom, then we will eventually parrot that to others; but is the custom to seek God? Is the culture a God-seeking culture, or a culture of established ritualistic habits (think of the Pharisees)? 

Samuel listened. Samuel was open to God's word. So have been people of all sorts for the past two thousand years. (The list of Christian mystics is too long to get into here ...) 

The Covenant of Grace only became necessary as a result of the new state of being where death is now part of the human condition. Berkhof addresses the linkage between the two covenants that cover humans (Works/Grace) in the Covenant of Redemption. Jesus, who is obedient to God (as Adam should have remained), provides the way back to (eternal) Life and in so doing overcomes death (The wages of sin is death, etc). Jesus' own "covenant of works" is characterized by complete obedience to God (the Father). 

Mortal Sin is explicitly tied to the Ten Commandments in the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Failure to resolve a grave breach of the commandments puts the person at risk of exclusion from God's kingdom. I recommend a review of articles 1852 - 1864 to get the full flow of the sequential argument. 

From all of the above, we can be comfortable concluding that Grace wasn't necessary until the Fall and its consequences. Ample gifts had already been given from the beginning, irrespective of Grace, and a chance to keep the gifts through obedience. (Per Genesis). 

Mortal sin is a grave transgression directly related to the Ten Commandments. 

God's method, shown in Scripture, is to pick certain servants to get His word out to others There's a whole world full of Christians (Catholic and otherwise) striving to get the Good News of Jesus to the non-believer. The Great Commission called to the faithful during the Apostolic age, and 2000 years later still calls all Christians to do likewise(CCC 1-3). Even before the Apostolic age God called certain individuals to go forth and get His words out to others: the prophets. The Old Testament shows that God's "style" is to pick someone to go forth and do what He needs done.