Realistically, no castle could hope to produce enough food to sustain a reasonably-sized garrison, and I doubt that anyone would have wanted to try. In fact, the whole point of a castle is so that you don't have to defend all your farms and forests and pastures. This arch is now plain, though records indicate it depicted four kneeling figures. But Speed's account is almost certainly at least partially wrong, because Eleanor was buried at Beaulieu Abbey. It's possible she was mixed up with Katherine, or Joan, or perhaps Berengaria. - Clarke, Helen. The Archaeology of Medieval England. British Museum Publications, 1984. Szarmach, Paul E., M. Teresa Tavormina, and Joel T. Rosenthal, eds. Routledge Revivals: Medieval England: An Encyclopedia. Taylor & Francis, 1998. Once decent full plate armour became feasible to create, the main obstacle to adoption - aside from a lack of need early on - was simple economics. A full set of plate armour was extremely labour intensive to forge, and consequently very expensive. Keep in mind, even the Romans had to abandon the lorica segmentata after the Crisis of the Third Century rendered it economically and logistically unsustainable. No military in medieval Europe could rival the Roman Empire's resources. The problem before this was that you need quite a sizeable amount of steel, about 10kg, for a breastplate. Prior to the late 13th century or so, European bloomeries were generally not large enough to produce so much steel in a single chunk. To make a steel breastplate then, you'd have to weld two or more separate plates together, which compromised its protective value despite an enormous price tag. - Wigelsworth, Jeffrey R. Science and Technology in Medieval European Life. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2006. Most of them aren't really lost, but the precise location is disputed, notably for those resting in Westminster Abbey. The traditional account is that four of Edward I's children were buried together in the Cosmatesque "tomb", together with their aunt Katherine. This chest, or tomb, or perhaps an altar, now sits in the recess between St. Edmund and St. Benedict's Chapels. Vasilʹev, Aleksandr Aleksandrovich. The Goths in the Crimea. Mediaeval academy of America, 1936. De Vries, Kelly. "Harold Godwinson in Wales: Military Legitimacy in Late Anglo-Saxon England." Abels, Richard P., and Bernard S. Bachrach. eds. The Normans and their Adversaries at War. Boydell Press, 2001. - Newman, Paul B. Daily life in the Middle Ages. McFarland, 2001. It was the newfound relative affordability of plate armour, combined with improved designs reducing its tactical downsides, that ultimately enabled its adoption. The full plate armour reached its peak about the same time advancements in projectile weaponry began to render it obsolete, however. Freeman, Edward Augustus. *The History of the Norman Conquest of England: Its Causes and Its Results Clarendon Press for Macmillan and Company, New York, 1873. Rather, the most critical development was the appearance of larger bloomeries. It was no coincidence that plate armour began in North Italy shortly after such bloomeries appeared there - they made it possible to produce sufficiently large steel plates in one piece. A significant factor behind the rise of larger bloomeries was that Late Medieval Europe began harnessing the power of rivers - using waterwheels to power furnace bellows enabled larger blooms of steel to be produced. Howell, Margaret. "The children of Henry III and Eleanor of Provence." Thirteenth Century England IV (eds PR Coss and SD Lloyd) (1992): 57-72. Badham, Sally. “Edward The Confessor's Chapel, Westminster Abbey: The Origins of the Royal Mausoleum and Its Cosmatesque Pavement.” The Antiquaries Journal, vol. 87, 2007, pp. 197–219. Badham, Sally. "Whose Body? Monuments Displaced from St Edward the Confessor's Chapel, Westminster Abbey." Journal of the British Archaeological Association 160.1 (2007): 129-146. Badham, Sally, and Sophie Oosterwijk. “The Tomb Monument of Katherine, Daughter of Henry III and Eleanor of Provence (1253–7).” The Antiquaries Journal, vol. 92, 2012, pp. 169–196. John, Eric. "Edward the Confessor and the Norman succession." The English Historical Review 94.371 (1979): 241-267. Ultimately, it appears only one historian of note is know to deny outright that Edward's bequest happened: Blair, John, W. John Blair, and Nigel Ramsay, eds. English Medieval Industries: Craftsmen, Techniques, Products. A&C Black, 1991. Therefore, Baldwin of Boulogne was not legally empowered to simply declare himself king. Nor is there reason to believe that either the Pope or the Emperor would have supported him in creating a new kingdom. Constitutionally speaking, making Edessa a kingdom was a non-starter. But it's more likely that your "castle" would end up looking like this: Because there was no limitations on how a clan chose their crests, the popular ones are shared by a great number of different families. Sometimes this happens when several clans descended from the same lineage; but often it is the result of nothing more than people picking the same design. This led to variations of the base design being adopted; both by clans wishing to make theirs more unique, as well as by individual members or branches of the same clan, in order to mark internal differences. Similarly, after a careful review of all the primary sources on the succession, Stephen Baxter ended his treatment of the subject by castigating Edward for his indecisiveness and last minute bequest. I think both sources copied Early European History by Hutton Webster, published about a century ago. The underlying claim is true: Medieval animals were much smaller than today's. However, it is obvious that "a calf" is not a meaningful unit of comparison. Obviously this depends on how many defenders there were inside the castle. A castle garrisoned by a single person could probably live reasonably well off the chickens that might be in the bailey, for instance. He could even start a vegetable garden or some such.