He really can't keep you from living your own life, and if you make clear to him that you realize this, he might turn away from trying to make you do things you don't want to do, and instead focus on helping you reach your own goals. 

What's more, she probably won't like it if you involve yourself directly, especially if she knows the boys that look at her and doesn't see them as complete jerks. It might be somewhat humiliating for her to have dad act as her protector when it's not necessary in her opinion. 

You are 17 years old. In a year you'll have your majority. You already have a job as a programmer at the Fraunhofer institut, which is known for it's quality work in computer science. You're also an excellent student and you play the guitar well enough to win various prices. 

This doesn't just apply to bullying, by the way - you're dealing with a microcosm of what liberal societies expect from adults. It's very important to teach your daughter that she's not forced into action or inaction by external forces, but by her own decisions, and that therefore she is responsible for them. You can't teach that by removing her ability to act wrongly. 

This is most likely impossible to achieve. Facebook (and the other social networks your daughter wants to use) themselves would need to provide you with this ability, and AFAIK, they don't. Third-party software would need to be incredibly sophisticated to provide you with what you want, which is probably the reason why you haven't found any. 

Give her feedback on her social media use What you can do for starters is to tell her that you want to see what she's doing on her social media accounts, and that this is the condition for her getting internet access at home. Then take some time now and then to let her show you what she's posting on Facebook and other social media accounts (Instagram, Snapchat and WhatsApp have mostly replaced Facebook for teens, btw) and discuss it with her. 

Favor education over control You need to approach this problem not with a technical solution, which is ultimately guaranteed to fail, but with education, followed by trust. 

Also, think about whether to talk to the parents of your sons friends. Again, I'd probably not do this, but depending on the legal consequences of having these pictures fall into the wrong hands, it might be necessary to inform them so you can all take steps together to protect your children before something happens that will involve the police and blow this out of proportion. 

The articles discuss how to chance your parenting style to try to undo this damage, including affirming smart risk-taking and hard work wisely. Help them see the advantage of both of these, and that stepping out a comfort zone usually pays off. 

There are many unanswered questions here which do matter. 

If the therapist thinks a substance-abuse program might help, then send him to one. That's one option. That option will probably be covered by insurance as well. 

Google 'Understanding a Lack of Motivation of gifted students to excel' on Google Scholar. Do some reading. Make an appointment with the school counselor, and get more professional help if you can afford it and it has been recommended for your son. There is time to turn this around, but it's going to take a lot of work. It can be done! And No, he is not too old to be grounded for bad grades. It just needs to be structured differently, since it's not working the way you'd like now, and combined with (yes) rewards for effort and more active parenting than grounding on your part. 

Another option is to appeal to your dad - who seems to understand that your mom has unrealistic expectations - to start family therapy. A specialist might be needed here to get to the root(s) of the problem and effect some change. 

TG will not answer because she pouts due to sensitiveness over different topics 

Please find the kind of scene/play, I'm witnessing 

TG: Oh! I know this charade! I give you the answer 

I'm also a bit at loss because, well , it is a teenage boy and also a teenage girl 

Most likely, my question will be very much opinion based but to be honest, your insights are more than welcome as I'm learning parenthood and hopefully, becoming a decent one. 

TB: TG! Are these your pics or mine? Do you want to show them or should I??? 

I'm bit at loss between strict authoritarian rule and too much laissez faire. I know the limit is between the two but I could not find my balance yet. I know that their mum should be doing the discpline but she has more of a friend's attitude toward them and sometimes just sometimes, she has a all or nothing attitude, yell or unconditional love. 

Luckily, they don't do it often but when they do, I'm at loss at what I should say if I should say anything. Usually, I'm taking a back seat and it is like I'm having to endure a bad play, a funny bad play I would say but still a bad play.