It certainly meshes up with my memory of the way things were in the early 70's. But my memory may be exaggerated too. (I was anti-smoking way before it was cool.) Shipping things between the far east and Europe the long way around Africa was certainly doable, but very very time-consuming and expensive. Universities (at least in the US) tend to give those out to famous people as favors for lecturing there. As such, having an "honorary" degree doesn't really mean a whole lot. There wouldn't be much incentive for making up a false story about somebody receiving one. The main clue I see in the Kinemacolor wiki page was that the company never made money (despite installing projectors in several hundred theaters), and some mention of the projectors being expensive: So I guess my answer is the old Facebook cop-out: It's complicated. According to Syria and the Middle East Peace Process, the sticking point on getting Egypt back was Syria. Particularly Asad. There were some superficial resemblances. In particular, at the time JFK ran for president he was roughly the same age as Quayle, and had served in the senate roughly the same amount of time. They were both white males too. Unfortunately for the GHWB brain-trust, that's pretty much where the resemblance ended. I think there's a lot more that hasn't really been studied though. For instance, there appears to me to be a certian style common to a lot of African American churches across the country. I can't find a name to it, but it looks kind of like a cross between I-House and Carpenter Gothic, but using brick (not Brick Gothic, which is a name for a different European style). Here are some examples from Illinois, Oklahoma, and Nashville, all built within a couple of decades of 1900. This of course set the stage for the top classic moment in all of US Presidential Debate history, Loyd Bentzen's "Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy" line. (youtube) Personally, I think it may be a bit of both. Cultures change, and values change. Political ideologies have to change too, or they will die. For example, almost nobody is seriously arguing for slavery or anti-miscegenation laws any more. In that way, the entire USA is way farther to the "left" that all but the most extremist wackos in the 18th and 19th centuries. Obviously this did nothing to stop the economic rot, and Egypt soon found itself so in hock to British and French banks, that the whole country was essentially put into their receivership in October of 1876. Of course the locals weren't very happy with this, so the inevitable revolt against the foreign creditors occurred in 1881. This threatened both the British banker's investments, and the now-vital canal link to India. So the British Imperial impulse immediately kicked into gear, resulting in the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War, the seizure of both the canal and the country by British troops, and finally the country's absorption into the British Empire. As for interstate mass transit, not only were there previous incidents on busses to the Freedom Rides, but prior to that when such transit was carried out mostly on trains, they were a primary venue for social action. The Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Pullmen was a prime mover in the Civil Rights fight from their founding in 1925 until the decline of train passenger traffic in the 1950's. They were instrumental in getting racial discrimination banned in defense contracting and the military in the 1940's. It was a BSCP official who went to India to learn the mechanics of nonviolent resistance from Gandhi, and 7 years later helped teach them Martin Luther King for use in Alabama. With the war on, that problem essentially went away. Pretty much every able-bodied male was expected to either join the military, or be helping with the new war production needs. In fact, they got so hard up for labor that a lot of women entered the work force who wouldn't have otherwise been there. At about 80 million people, Egypt has about as many people as the rest of the Arab nations combined, and by far the strongest military in the region. Leaving it out of an "Arab League" is just plain unsustainable. That's an interesting bit of ridicule, but I think the truth goes deeper than that. The fact is that for most North Koreans, if the women quit working on the black market (aka "free market"), they and their familes would have no money and no food. This isn't a historical thing, but an everyday thing. The choice there today is to work in the black market, or to starve to death. Nobody is going to have much luck preaching ideology (of any flavor) to someone with no other way to stay alive. So bascially the Germans attacked because attacking France through Belgian territory was The Plan, and the Belgians refused to just let them walk through unopposed.