But what about Mutalisks and burrowed Roaches? If you don't take the necessary precautions, a virus will infect you. 

By focusing on minimal early gas, you come out ahead mid game as you take all four extractors. 

that is called breakingNews.txt which is empty but allows them to interrupt the league queue if needed. 

Incorrect use of Banelings, as he is building Marauders. 

After winning some aggressive play on the middle of the map, you decide to back-door your opponent. Obviously, you don't want to reveal to him that you are doing so and that's why you scout the place where he most likely would be gathering his army to know his composition and to trick him into thinking that you would attack that spot instead. Let's hope he doesn't see you break the rock... 

You can continue on this build after Gold / Platinum up to the Grandmasters. The problem lies not with the build, but it lies with execution of the build; don't expect magic to happen from Day 1, a lot of practice lies ahead with any build if you want to get at the highest levels, even when cheesing... 

Hellions, can kite Banelings if you micro properly. 

If this doesn't work out, it also lists a 3 Rax +1 Timing Push and the fresh 4OC economy-wise play. 

With macro / economy comes learning to trade-off / adapt to the situation, hence proper play. 

You should pay attention for Gas, what buildings he does have and what buildings he doesn't have. Let's say we scout Protoss, if he doesn't have Buildings, something fishy might be going on. If we scout that he has 1 Assimilator and 1 Gateway, he will probably throw down a Core soon... 

Wall + Sentries + Cannons: See this replay, beats an all-in without Immortals.   

A word of caution: Don't take Marauders out alone on the battlefield, they are easily overwelmed. 

Your opponent will manage to start spreading out so we need to figure out three things: 

What about players hiding production facilities? 

Placing your scouting SCV in a location that gives you easy access to his base again, allows you to check his base again to know what units, composition and technology he goes for. Does he have more Zealots, more Stalkers, or missing some? Robotics? Stargate? Templar?