It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. 

Now personally I hold to POMA or partially overlapping magisteria. Their are some discoveries in science that hold great discussion in religious circles. If you take the discovery of background radiation for instance. This in essence began the road to a finite universe which was remarkable and religiously relevant discovery. It also sparked a resurgence in Aquinian thought which was for centuries held to be disproved by physicist. 

The ethicist may look at the effect of Nazi morality on 20th century Europe and make his judgement on Nazi morality on that. 

Their are some who even hold to a completely overlapping magisteria (Coma) like Richard Dawkins for example. He believes erroneously (to me at least) that the God hypothesis is a scientific hypothesis (As he explains in his books) and you should use the scientific method to ascertain it's validity. 

One can take a dialethist position on this statement, or an epistemological position, in that truth that can be grasped by the human mind is always partial, and 'true' truth always eludes us. The Catuskoti/tetralemma shows also that the formal consequences of considering dialethism was considered formally - and one possible consequence of this, in at least Buddhist logic, is that an atom can be both a point and not a point. This gives a new picture of the continuum, which as Aristotle argued against the Greek atomists must have cohesion; this is not far from the conception the intuitionistic continuum where a similar view is taken. 

Which might beg the question, why do away with it first to return to a classical conception of physical ontology? 

Of course, Kant made a number of contributions to scientific thought, So that may have helped to establish his reputation & circulate his ideas amongst the physics research community. 

Secondly, we can identify things like a cold spot as existing, which actually have less energy than their surroundings; or like a printed triangle, which has the same energy as many other configurations of ink on paper. So although you need mass and energy as a substrate, it is convenient to make distinctions about what exists on the basis of no difference in energy or a reduction of energy. These sorts of distinctions tend to be richer and more complicated than whether or not there is any matter at all, and so the insight that no matter and no energy is nothing does not get one very far. 

You've mixed a number of unrelated things together as "non-empirical phenomena", and the answers are different for each one, much like the answers would be different for how law deals with "non-larceny". 

Absence of evidence is almost always evidence of absence, actually. The problem is that it is often really poor evidence.