And He will provide him from (sources) he never could imagine. And whosoever puts his trust in Allah, then He will suffice him. Verily, Allah will accomplish his purpose. Indeed Allah has set a measure for all things [Quran, 65:3] Performing prayers is one of the most important factors that will help you in avoiding going back to your old sins: Your employer has no right to prevent you from doing this and in many countries (even non-muslim countries) this is considered as discremenation in the work place therefore know your rights and excersise them if not find a new employer and Allah will help you in the process: Although sincere repentance may cause your sins to be forgiven, it isn't an easy task to attempt to remain stead fast on the righteous path and avoid sins: The first thing you need to bare in mind is that Allah is the most forgiving and he is capable of forgiving any sin as long as repentance was a sincere one: Changing the environment your in and those around you that have a bad influence on you is essential for you to remain a righteous person: Life is a struggle and one should remain strong throughout their, one cannot achieve this by their own rather by supplicating to God and relying on him after you have done all that you could possibly do: If one doesn't perform Istibra, and liquid is discharged it is deemed unclean. If one doubts whether he did it properly or not, it is deemed clean. And if one, doubts whether he did it or not it is deemed unclean. As a plus, if it is convenient for you to attend congregrational prayers and offering your prayers in it gives you peace from this excessive doubting then you must attend the congregration. It is not at all permissible to halt or take a break from saying prayers. It's forbidden to do so, and if done one has to make up for them. Their are 5 types of penal discharges: It doesn't invalidate your waddu if you have done Istibra (explained below) after taharat (washed with water). This might be confusing. To remove that confusion we have Istibra. If one performs Istibra after urination and liquid is discharged thereafter it is deemed clean even if one doubts whether it is urine or urine came in contact with it. I have to say the details of deeming a person Kathirush shak wasn't easy to understand (p.418) and not easy to explain. But, if you doubt at least in every third prayer for more than three times then you can deem yourself as Kathirush shak. It is the liquid that, at times, comes out after urination. If it doesn't come in contact with urine it is clean. wadi (liquid discharged after urination, provided it has not come in contact with urine, which can be ensured if istibra was performed) wazi (liquid seen after ejaculation) mazi (moisture discharge by a man during wooing or courtship) semen urine 1, 2 and 3 are deemed pak (clean). 4 and 5 are najs (unclean), the release of which invalidates waddu and anything that comes in contact with it is deemed najs too. Question: Is there an Islamic basis to waiting five minutes after eating before praying? These two items are possibly enough to be able to fit in, but I'm unsure if I'm missing something. I'm not going to be capable of reciting Arabic, other than al Fatiha (and al Humazah now) and the tashahhud. A detailed fatwa Why is a Woman’s sajdah different to men? by Mufti Luqman Hansrot includes these hadith along with other sources. I learned to pray Hanafi, Sunni style, although it's now a hodge-podge of different styles. I have no strong preference just as long as I pray to Allah. I only started praying less than a year ago, and my prayer is imperfect, but I've been improving over time. I'm seeking beginner-level ("do this and you'll be fine") instructions for being able to pray in Iranian mosques without complications. I want to stay away from the Shia-Sunni politics. Inshallah, I will go to Iran again in May. I intend to pray in the mosques there and I would like to fit in better with my (presumably mostly Shia) sisters when doing so. Although sincere repentance may cause your sins to be forgiven, it isn't an easy task to attempt to remain stead fast on the righteous path and avoid sins: Your employer has no right to prevent you from doing this and in many countries (even non-muslim countries) this is considered as discremenation in the work place therefore know your rights and excersise them if not find a new employer and Allah will help you in the process: Performing prayers is one of the most important factors that will help you in avoiding going back to your old sins: And He will provide him from (sources) he never could imagine. And whosoever puts his trust in Allah, then He will suffice him. Verily, Allah will accomplish his purpose. Indeed Allah has set a measure for all things [Quran, 65:3] The first thing you need to bare in mind is that Allah is the most forgiving and he is capable of forgiving any sin as long as repentance was a sincere one: