But when you do the duplication process but don't delete the original, now you have two distinct beings. Two distinct beings whose body's and minds are their own now (even if they are almost exactly alike). Asking if either would like to volunteer to die is not the same thing as the original scenario. I bet either of the two individuals would agree to the teletransportation process again (the original version) because again they would feel like one continuous being. That is not the same as asking one of them to voluntarily end their life (and not continue their being). I'm not sure how you jumped from the universe to people, but either way, as with anything else in the universe position is determined by relations. "To the left of the car", "X feet above sea level", "Y meters in front of me", etc. There are an infinite ways to describe one's position and infinite degrees of accuracy for each description, so just pick one... I think you are getting mixed up on the subtle differences between existence in reality and existence in concept; there is a difference between a concept for something existing, and the thing the concept refers to actually taking up physical space in reality. SEP and Wikipedia cover this pretty well; there should be more than enough there to help clarify the "power" of the ontological argument for you, but keep in mind that once you realize the trick (which you already seem to have done), the argument really loses all its persuasiveness. This is true, but it only applies to systems of determinism which are arrived at solely through observation (inductive theories). For example, we see the Sun rise 1000 times from the East, we suppose very strongly that it will rise on the 1001th time from the East as well. But there is nothing intrinsically logically contradictory that would suggest it could not rise from the West (astrophysics aside). However, in a system which by its very nature must necessarily be deterministic, such as the one Kant puts forth (1)(2)(3), there is something very inconsistent introduced by supposing that some events are uncaused. Inductive theories of determinism don't assert that the universe is universally deterministic, only that it seems that way. Kant's formulation is deductive, meaning that it not only seems that way, but it necessarily must be so. Thus, if you knew everything about a system, it would be very inconsistent (impossible) for something unexpected to occur (i.e. white ball produce a black ball).