The first are the Daedric Princes. They've been around since the first Elder Scrolls game, and, effectively being gods, are immortal and still kickin'. Sheogorath in particular (who is implied to be the Champion of Cyrodil from Oblivion) is carried over from previous games. Even Alduin, the big-bad of Skyrim shows up in the lore of previous Elder Scrolls games, though the rest of the empire thinks he's the Aedra Akatosh. (He's actually his firstborn son) But honestly, with Smithing, base damage becomes less meaningful. The higher their disposition (there are 4 ranks), the greater the value of items they're okay with allowing you to take. Visiting a temple in any city and praying at their altar will instantly cleanse non-vampire / werewolf diseases from the afflicted, and give you a temporary buff to boot. 316.00 - this is the guard's base health Interestingly, NPC allies behave a little different, even if they are non-essential (and thus ripe for killing). When they get reduced to below 0 health, they revert into the "yield " state, which usually means enemy NPCs stop focusing on them to come after you instead. If they get hit while in this state, they will die. There are two groups of characters that have been carried over to Skyrim. That doesn't mean that Skyrim has nothing to offer the stalwart Elder Scrolls fan, though. Additionally, you cannot put them into this state - your attacks will directly kill them. The second group is composed entirely by M'aiq the Liar, a Khajit character who appears to have been transplanted wholesale from Oblivion to reprise his role as the Dev's Snarkbox. Whether or not this is the same Khajit, however, is up for debate, both because he's a "Liar" (It's in his name! It must be true!) and because the character says: So your Daedric Sword will always be the best weapon (highest base damage) by virtue of it being Daedric, but it might eventually start to lose out to a faster weapon in terms of raw DPS (like a Dagger). So your bow won't have simply vanished, and should be findable, if you want to devote the time and effort into locating it. Skyrim takes place 200 years after the end of the last game, Oblivion. 189.55 - sneak attack with bow, as above, but this time I added a 15 damage poison to my bow. This means after you subtract 15 from the fire enchantment and 15 from the poison, we dealt 97 damage again. (so it looks like my first shot was probably around 32.33, instead of the 33 I rounded it to.)