You could, of course, invent new creatures to represent these elemental forces and fears, or borrow those of a different culture, but then you would have to work to do over of establishing their associations with our elementary hopes and fears. Using the standard pantheon gives you access to a set of built-in emotional responses which you can exploit to imbue your story with emotional resonance that would be hard to manufacture out of whole cloth. A warrior walks into camp. What are the telling details that let us know who he is and what his arrival means? It depends on the circumstances, of course. If he is limping, bandaged, and carrying a bloody sword in his hand, we know at once that he has come from battle and had been wounded in the fight. The limp, the bandage, and the bloody sword are the telling details that paint this picture for us. Much of the rest of his appearance we can fill in for ourselves, and if one reader imagines his tunic red and another imagines it brown, it does not make any difference to the story. All stories are moral. The are all about a choice of values, both for the protagonist and the antagonist. Everything else is a McGuffin. 

In other words, while a novel must have stakes, stakes are merely scaffolding. Stakes create story shape. The scale of the story they create does not matter, what matters is the shape. The real seriousness and merit of a work lies in the telling and in the perception of the human condition hung upon the framework of that story shape. This is part of a more general principle which I would describe like this: The power of story is far stronger than the power of words. Indeed, if words have any power at all, it is only because they invoke stories. The emotional moments in your story will get their emotional punch from the shape of the story, not the words you choose to describe them. 

It does not matter what the MacGuffin is. It is what the characters are willing to do, or not willing to do, to get their hands on it. In Casablanca we are asked to believe that there are a pair of magic passes that the local Nazi authorities cannot cancel, even with a known resistance organizer walks out to the plane. It is an absurd conceit, and it doesn't matter, because what really matters is whether or not Rick is going to stand by his word that he does not stick his neck out for anybody. What choice will he make? It is the heart of the story. It is the heart of every story. 

The problem with plot armor is not false safety, but false peril. This is a pretty broad question and therefore this is a pretty broad answer. It all comes down to what is called the "telling detail". The word "telling" emphasises two things here. First it means "important", a detail that matters. Second it means a detail that gives information. Dragons represent our fear of the irresistibly destructive powers of nature: hurricane, forest fire, volcano. (They are also, in the Christian tradition, associated with Satan, the prince of lies.) A gloved hand lifts a fine china tea cup with two dainty fingers. Zoom out. What do you see ... So finish the following sentence: 

So, a good flaw is precisely the kind of flaw that makes it difficult, achingly and fundamentally difficult, for the protagonist to achieve whatever end they are compelled to pursue by the events of the story. Any flaw can be a good one if it plays this role, and any flaw can be a bad one if it does not. 

An Orthodox Jew who can't join his friends for meals because their food isn't kosher. 

A person who gives up on the chance for a romantic relationship with somebody whose religion is different than his own. 

I'll walk through the three situations that you listed as difficult and describe how I write the character: 

A modern novel involving a close knit group is Then We Came to the End. Set in the first person plural, this novel about most people in an office being fired has a setting where it is natural for characters to ruminate on each other (who is going to be fired next?). It also shows - from it's unusual point of view - different people at different times, since it can jump into any member of the "we." 

I'm not sure what a purely ceremonial ceremony is as opposed to a regular religious ceremony. Still, let's take an example of Passover. Passover represents G-d's rescue of the children of Israel from Egypt long, long ago. Dig into what it means to the Jewish people and you should be able to make it matter to your readers, as long as you can see why it would matter to a character. Or what about the example of Christian baptism of an adult convert to the faith? Dunking in water or being sprinkled by it doesn't really seem like much on the surface. You have to understand what's behind baptism - the symbolism of dying to self and doing wrong and coming up into new life in Christ where one strives to serve God because he is great and worthy of honor and do right to other people because it's what we ought to do. Baptism represents a very serious milepost in the life of Christians and understanding it will help you significantly. Observe other people in real life, try to understand why they do things they do, even if you think you cannot be sympathetic and compassionate. I would start with trying to make your narrative language coherent and neutral–you can always spice it up in revision. The actions of other people are based on logical choice more often than on pure feelings and unhinged emotions. Most people I know would back away from the edge of the rooftop, altruists and sociopaths alike. No one wants to be cold, hungry, and sick, and most of us want to get published and be held in highest regard for our efforts. 

Absolutely. Write everything from the first-person POV, and state clearly that you do not give a damn about others (that is actually going to be my next writing endeavor), then write a prequel, in which you are five-year-old and describe in details what in the world your parents did to you to make you this way. Then a sequel...