The Argument from Degree - How can anything be good in a world in which nothing that is perfectly good exists? How could "good" even be judged without a standard? (This is a stronger argument than it seems at first. It's most closely associated with Plato and the neo-Platonists.) Any time you look at philosophical views on what is real, you'll find Plato somewhere in the mix. Arguably, in his cosmology, there are both Real and unreal things in the world, but his classification of which is which is less arbitrary than yours at least seems to be. For Plato, things like Truth, Beauty and Goodness are Real; lies, ugliness and evil are illusions. Or, to put it another way, all and only Good things are Real. 

Kant is arguably not a monist (or at least, not committed to monism). He does not deny that the physical world exists (or rather, something that we perceive as the physical world), but only that we can never experience it directly as it "really" is. We interact with it always through the intermediary of our minds. 

The Argument of the First Cause - If everything has a "cause" (foundation) then there must be something that is the ultimate ground of reality. For example, if all matter is composed of molecules and all molecules of atoms, and all atoms of elementary particles, and all elementary particles of quarks, then where do quarks draw their ultimate reality from? What are they grounded in? Are they simulated in a cosmic computer? Are they thoughts in the mind of God? Plato's thought has been hugely influential on world religions, with Platonic ideas having been integrated into Christianity (and arguably Islam), via the intermediary of Plotinus, a influential philosopher in the Platonic tradition. 

Saints Augustine and Aquinas (the two greatest theologians of the pre-Reformation Christian church) identified God, as understood in the Christian tradition, with the Ideal of Good, as described in Plotinus' "neo-Platonic" worldview. They thus united the personal perspective on God from the Biblical tradition with the abstract perspective of a neo-Platonic philosopher. 

For centuries, at least within the Christian tradition, the definitive list of metaphysical arguments for the existence of God has been Thomas Aquinas' "Five Proofs". These are largely arguments for what is sometimes called the "God of the Philosophers," the eternal and unchanging unity of all perfections, and not necessarily for God as commonly personified. Several of the arguments are of the same form; that there cannot be an infinite metaphysical regress (it cannot be "turtles all the way down"). This doesn't account for the concept of indefinitely nested simulations, however, and in fact, the core theory does not depend on nested simulations. The very large number of people in simulations is a result of the simulators running many simulations, not because each simulation is necessarily part of a large chain. Bostrom does consider the possibility of nested simulations (explaining it largely with some vague handwaving), but only as a non-functional coda to the main argument. That hasn't stopped it, of course, from capturing people's imaginations! 

Bishop Berkeley is certainly one prime example of a monist idealist, but there are many others. Wikipedia has a good article on the topic. The Teleological Argument - The universe is not random, it bears all the hallmarks of purpose --if this was not true, the rich fabric of our existence would be replaced by dull "static." This argument is influenced by Aristotle, and underlies the modern argument of intelligent design. 

The Sorites paradox forces us to us to recognize that a term like "pile," which we use commonly and usefully, may seem to be well-defined but is not --in other words that there is no single, universal decision procedure attached to the term "pile" as commonly defined. Your solution proposes to substitute the natural language term with a new, well-defined term (a term with a decision procedure). Although this solves the problem by fiat, it has no bearing on the original dilemma. This is all about the difference between natural language and formal language. In formal language, a term cannot be used unless it's well-defined according to the standards of the language. In natural language, on the other hand, well-defined terms are the exception rather than the rule. You can legitimately argue that Plato's orientation to philosophy is essentially religious, with the philosopher's relationship to the Ideal of Good (in Plato's system) being analogous to the relationship of a worshiper to God. However, if the Ideal of Good is to be identified with God, it represents a very abstract, depersonalized, intellectual vision of God. I've sometimes heard this referred to as "God of the Philosophers", the unity of all perfections. The religious orientation latent in Plato is made explicit in the work of Plotinus, who clearly identifies the Ideal of Good as a godlike being. 

This is known as monist idealism, or idealist monism. Monist, meaning it believes that only one kind of thing actually exists, and idealist, meaning it believes that one thing is mind/consciousness/soul, not matter. 

In the case of your particular objection, the answer is that the simulation proposed is not an exact, full simulation of an entire universe, but rather the simulation of a portion of the universe, with the rest faked up. The obvious analog is a video game. Usually you're supposed to feel as though your video game character exists in a big huge world, but all that is actually simulated is the portion you interact with. So a person in a simulation could potentially actually be in a smaller, simpler universe than the one he thinks he inhabits.