This problem is exacerbated the closer you get to 749 and that coveted Marshal badge. I don't know how many flags it takes to recover a 10 point weight loss in the 750 range, but it's a lot. The way you fix this (assuming that your concern is really actionable) is to cast a custom flag. In the custom flag description, explain what the problem is with the post, and what you want the mod to do about it. The chances of your flag being acted upon go up dramatically. User A has 1500 rep, with 50% of their votes coming from User B having 25 rep, who casts 80% of their votes against User A. User A and B are always at the same IP address(es). User B is a clear sock. Votes are invalidated during the next nightly voter fraud script run. Also, tapping the escape key twice causes the word "search" to be entered into the search box, which is probably not intended behavior. I have noticed that, since the moderator elections occurred, some moderators have been making use of their new moderator powers by unilaterally closing questions. The purpose of moderation is not to interact with the community as a "super" user. The purpose of moderation is to mitigate extraordinary problems or exceptional disputes, situations that cannot be handled by the system under ordinary circumstances. In my view, that means that the activities of a moderator under normal circumstances must touch the system in the same way as that of other users. So I'd like to propose an algorithm that limits the percentage of upvotes any single account can make to any one user. I believe this would severely limit users' ability to use sock puppets to enrich their own accounts, but would not affect at all even the most ardent of fanboys (users who cast large numbers of upvotes at certain high-rep users). Meta is the one place where we should be allowing a little more latitude for people's opinions. You may make the counter-argument that it doesn't matter whether a question has a bounty on it or not if it's still close-worthy, but that argument assumes that close decisions are black-and-white, when in fact they are not (especially if a mod gets involved in the closing). Removing a bounty is not a reversible operation, so it should never be done silently. Accepting an answer right away effectively puts too much ownership of the question into the original poster's hands, and potentially opens the door for all sorts of abuses, like companies using self-answered questions as proxy blog posts, which obtain a degree of immunity from closing/deletion because the number of initial views is reduced, due to an answer being accepted. New Edit -- Since this issue keeps coming up, I'll make a few points, based on my experience as a moderator. Then I will do the spam flags (if I can find them). Then I will do the off-topic ones (If I have any time left). Because I am not constantly changing gears mentally, I believe I get more done by working this way. If all else fails, communicate! Moderators are not mind readers. If you flag an answer as "Not an Answer," but the moderator reviewing your flag can see clearly that it is some form of answer, they're going to decline your flag, because you haven't told them what is actually wrong. If they don't see a question, a comment, an edit or reason for deletion there instead of an answer, they're going to decline your flag.