Toothbrushing requires refined motor movements. Toddlers are just learning to move one hand across the midline of their body (the preceding developmental level is moving hands together at midline). Making refined short movements in a tiny space (the distance of the horizontal surface of a tooth) are difficult. They have just learned to hold a spoon and hitting their mouths (maybe). And making squiggly marks in a 1/2 inch space without getting "out of the lines" is not likely. Yet that's what we are basically asking of them. I have used a reverse time out method I developed with good results at least in a therapy setting. It works like this. I immediately get on the child's level moving quickly (even suddenly. Grasp both of child's hands in mine and say in a very stern voice, "No you do not [insert unacceptable behavior] and repeat statement several times looking directly in child's eyes. Then while still holding the child's hands, I dropped my gaze to the floor and look down. I continue holding the child's hands to the count of 10 or until they stop pulling away (if they do), while I keep my head down. Then I release the hands and go back to interacting just as if nothing had happened. Getting your little one to eat more is likely to be very difficult. Therefore, making each mouthful have the greatest caloric impact is the most likely to add those needed ounces. I address any "non-listening" by reviewing the "offending" body part and describing, demonstrating the appropriate response. Add 1 or 2 tablespoons of nonfat dry milk powder to casseroles, muffins, cooked cereal, pancakes, puddings, mashed potatoes scrambled eggs, meatloaf, whole milk, milkshakes, yogurt, and even her formula. However, listening skills are foundational for many (probably most) skills. Yet, children are expected to just naturally learn to listen. As parents/teachers we often say, "listen" or "pay attention" and expect our children to "just do it". We sometimes forget that listening is more than having sound pass through our ears and on to the brain. There are two types of flatfeet; rigid and flexible. Rigid flatfeet are due to fusing of bones or abnormal development in the feet and has more serious consequences than flexible flatfeet. A physician will likely identify and treat rigid flatfeet with orthotics or surgery after an extensive medical work up. However, physicians are rarely concerned about flexible flatfeet and the vast majority of children will require no treatment for the condition. True stuttering, however, presents with more tension and struggle. The stuttered words are more likely to be part word (wha-wha-wha-what) or prolonged sounds (wwwwhhhhhhhhat). Facial grimacing or posturing, inability to get sound started, or comments such as "I can't talk" are all indicators of a more serious problem. Exercise: Foot gymnastics are games and exercises that may contribute to improve arch development in children. Our son actually enjoyed these activities. I am happy to report that our son is now an adult and no longer has flat feet or the associated pain and discomfort he suffered as a child. I am thankful that we discovered the information we needed to support that outcome. I would not try to transition her to the bottle but move directly to the cup. This is more age appropriate and will develop oral motor skills that cannot be attained from the bottle. Babies are born with flatfeet. Per the Univeristy of Maryland Medical Center, eighty percent of children will develop an arch between the ages of 3 and 10 years. The remaining 20 percent will likely have flatfeet. One or both feet may be affected. I also agree that the Supernanny method works, but it must be enforced consistently and may demand great energy, effort, patience, and time from mom.