I.S. mounts are 51 mm apart, and post mounts are 74 mm apart (and look totally different). For more details on these mounts, see this answer. 

As a general rule, we don't go shopping on bicycles.SE, since that information goes out of date quickly. In many cases, this can be prohibitively expensive or economically unreasonable versus just buying a bike which is disc ready. Clean the portion marked in red with a q-tip dipped in rubbing alcohol. also clean the back surface of the brake (where the bolt is, but on the other side of the head in the same way). Be pretty thorough; you'll go through a bunch of q-tips until its clean. 

3) Make sure the cables are in good condition. If your cables are old/grimy/worn, you may need to replace them. Some people suggest lubing the brake cables, but this is against many manufacturer recommendations -- ymmv, if you choose to lubricate them. Finally, a note on safety: Despite it not being "cool", I firmly believe fixie should have front and rear brakes (or at least a front brake at the least). The second problem is part selection - brands, budget, functional differences and if they go together (e.g. do you want a wheel with a flip flop hub, or just a fixed gear? What gear ratio should you pick? Do I shell out for the Chris King headset instead of the cheaper Cane Creek one? Will my crank go together with the bottom bracket I selected? etc.) For example, if you have a bottom bracket which is too narrow, you may get some knee pain. Specific to the case of fixies, Sheldon has some advice on selecting gearing and converting old frames to fixies. Also, your frame should have horizontal dropouts. 

If you do get metal or other contaminants in your pads though, you can pick it out with tweezers and buff the pads with some fine sandpaper (remove the grit afterwards!). Make sure the pads have sufficient material leftover after this - if the metal backing comes through, your rims are going to take damage. 

If the frame+fork is ready, then you have to worry about the wheels. If the hubs aren't disc hubs, you'll need to either rebuild the wheels with disc hubs or buy new wheels (the latter being the more likely option). 

The first problem with building your own bike is fit. If you don't know what measurements you already need from the frame and stem and handlebars and saddle a priori, its going to be hard to gauge which size is right for you. Your LBS may be able to help you in this area, or if you have a similar type of bike as to the one desired, you may be able to move the measurements to some other part set get close to whats right for you. Picking parts is hard enough as it is when things are approximately known already! As for the requirement of only a rear brake, the front brake is often viewed as a dangerous brake by most people who haven't cycled a decent amount, because they believe it will lock up the front wheel automatically and send you flying over the handlebars. Hence, the requirement being on the rear. The fact that it works for little kids bikes with coaster brakes as well is mostly a convenience. 

My procedure for this is generally: 

For maintenance and some description of the important parts, see this Park tool repair guide as well. 

The typical hardware (Avid BB7 Road with a G2 rotor) is shown below: I have had these brakes before, and what I've found to work is: 

The Single Digit 7's are more robust in this regard. That being said, TRP (e.g. RG957) among others still make high quality long reach calipers if you're willing to pay for them. 

If you run long pull lever with short pull brakes, it will be easy to pull the brake, but very hard to apply braking force with a hard lever feel. If you run short pull lever with long pull brakes, you will likely bottom out the lever before stopping (or lock up the wheel) with a soft lever feel. So, make sure to match the pull of the lever with the brake for your safety (obey the manual, except at your own risk!). 

To measure the reach needed, take the wheel (ideally, without a tire), and remove the existing brake. Then, use a ruler to measure from the center of the brake hole to the center of where the brake should hit the outside of the rim. If this is 45 mm, pick a brake such that the reach range contains 45 mm (e.g. a 40-50 mm reach brake). Bike regulations are typically regional things in the US (and I suspect in other countries as well). Also, it is hard if not impossible to enforce these regulations on bikes (and are typically far less serious than car / truck enforcement), since its trivial to take the brake levers and what not off at home. 

According to http://dahon.com/mainnav/folding-bikes/single-view/bike/speed_p8-1.html your bike has direct pull (a.k.a V-brakes). Your brake shoes should have threaded studs with spherical washers. There isn't really a point in getting a set with a holder given how often brakes on a folder would have to be replaced and the price difference, but Kool Stop does make V brake refills and holders. This example from Nashbar tells you the Avid BB7 Road comes with "Includes 1 post mount (74mm) caliper, 1 rotor (160mm) with bolts, sintered pads, and 74mm post mount to IS mount adapter". They tend to last about 2 years this way (but I think we probably have a lot more road salt and gunk in the Midwest USA than Germany), and then no matter what I did, I had to chuck them (which isn't a huge loss, they're pretty cheap).