Dance -- Dancing is patterning and rhythm making. These are important for language and coordination. It is also a heck of a lot of fun. If you truly feel there is something else going on, then I suggest a trip to the doctor. It never hurts to get an opinion and usually they can calm your fears very quickly. All parents worry! 

Reading and making up stories -- Once upon a time there was a boy named X. He liked to go to the park, just like you. As his language increases let him choose the things or places in the story Let him point to pictures in the books you read. 

6 months to 9 months Babies show a wider emotional range and stronger preferences for familiar people. Most can: Express several clearly differentiated emotions Distinguish friends from strangers Respond actively to language and gestures Show displeasure at the loss of a toy 

Every time your child indicates a want or need, the caregiver speaks a sentence back. "You say you need the bathroom. I will take you." "You chose the blocks. Here they are." If there are picture symbols around the room, your child should be encouraged to use them. (These also work for pre-reading so the daycare likely uses them already.) Using pic symbols takes the pressure off speech, but they do not convey shades of meaning -- she can select 'doll' but not that specific doll. When she points to the symbol, it is treated as if she spoke a sentence. The teacher repeats the sentence and then answers. "You chose the doll. Yes, you may have the doll." This in time becomes an opportunity for your child to use her words to select a specific doll.) What you describe is not a fear of blood - in fact studies show any fear of blood is learned, not innate - but instead your baby will have picked up on a couple of things: As far as what age you may expect them to do it, this is entirely dependent on culture. Some cultures accept breastfeeding to quite an advanced age, others wean as early as possible - and habits like this track with weaning. If it makes you uncomfortable, you could think about dissuading the activity, especially if your culture will not accept it in public. 

Once he realises he just won't get what he wants and will just go hungry things should change - and don't worry about children going hungry: our doctors all agreed that once they are hungry enough they will eat anything, and that point will come a long way before any harm. At least at that age - teenagers have a much more complicated scenario, apparently, so I'm not looking forward to that... 

This will cause some upset at first, and you have to make sure you are both strict on this, or the game will just change to playing you against one another to get what he wants (like I said, they are the world's best social engineers!) 

Children learn very early on that they can get Mum and Dad to do anything - at daycare, I'm assuming the staff don't bend quite as much. Currently it sounds like your son knows that if he waits he will get the food types he wants. Clever, eh :-) The only real solution is to stick to a rule of 

You can understand why babies and toddlers may do that - your body is the source of their comfort and happiness. It is normal for them to do it, although a more common comfort is sucking the thumb, for example.