Laws against discrimination in hiring are a less pure case, but demonstrate the same idea in the private employment market. In practice, it is virtually impossible for an individual job applicant to prove discrimination in hiring for a job where there are a large number of applicants, and it is quite difficult to prove even for a public agency using "tester" applicants and statistical evidence in the absence of an outright admission of the employer that the employer is discriminating in hiring. But, laws prohibiting discrimination in hiring have nonetheless had a profound effect on the way employers act in hiring employees, because most employers have a general policy of obeying the law and because the law has changed the corporate culture and norms concerning what hiring practices are acceptable, in general. 

I, GEORGE W. BUSH, as President of the United States and Commander in Chief of the U.S. armed forces, hereby DETERMINE for the United States of America that: 

UPDATE: The one well known case of privately funded national policing that existed historically, although it does not now, was Iceland in the Middle Ages. Then, governmental courts would authorize privately funded law enforcement actions against individuals based upon privately developed and funded evidence presented to them by a victim, and the privately funded law enforcers would carry out its will, and this was national in scope (although Iceland, even today, has a population of only 100,000 and not a huge amount of territory (40,000 square miles) and was even less populous ca. 1000 CE when this regime called the Icelandic Commonwealth (population 50,000) was in place). This small population was divided into about a dozen clan-like Chiefdomships who organized blood feuds and managed cases in their court system. In Turkey this was the result of a secularist/Westernizing policy under Ataturk in 1926 and this policy may be poised to change, as the head of state apparently flaunts his violation of this law. 

For example, a self-proclaimed terrorist from the Animal Liberation Front could not be detained as an enemy combatant, but that is not among the terrorist organizations that Congress has declared war on in the AUMF. (6) it is in the interest of the United States that the Secretary of Defense detain Mr. Padilla as an enemy combatant; and 

The standing requirement also prevents people who actually like an unconstitutional law from bringing a sham lawsuit to declare it invalid and then intentionally losing the lawsuit. See, e.g., Antonin Scalia, "The Doctrine of Standing As An Essential Element Of The Separation Of Powers", 17 Suffolk University Law Review 881, 891 (1983). Nominally, this isn't privately funded, but in substance, it is privately funded by the sole property owner in the municipality. Some of the Islamic law concepts that would be most notable and distinctive to English speaking Christian and secular people would include the following, with links to other components of Islamic law by subject area found here. Alcohol (or more precisely khamr whose meaning is a subject of differences of opinion in Islamic law) is banned. Some governments, at all levels, have volunteer auxiliary law enforcement officials, which were historically known as "night watches" or "militias" or "posses" which received minimal or no government funding and instead financed themselves, although today, volunteers primarily act as reserve forces for overflow needs, rather than as the primary source of law enforcement. 

Family and Family Property Law 

Certain kinds of non-Muslims (basically "People of the Book") are permitted to exist in a community as second class citizens, but only if they pay an Islamic law prescribed tax (Jizya) and only if they are not converts from Islam (conversion from Islam has a hudud punishment of death). Tunisia is apparently the only other example and imposed its ban in 1956 when it gained independence, a time that coincides with strong secularist/Socialist/Western-oriented political leanings in the region. The fact that Tunisia is quite urban relative to many other predominantly Muslim countries may also be a factor as it is economically harder to maintain a larger family in an urban environment. Similarly, suppose that the law states that an employee has a right to help someone in a manner unrelated to his job in an emergency. This might define an ambiguity in an employment contract or deprive an employer of the ability to punish the employee for doing so, even if this is not exactly a penalty.