Many are called, etc. - This verse is wanting in one of Colbert's MSS., marked 33 in Griesbach. See the note on Matthew 20:16. Many are called by the preaching of the Gospel into the outward communion of the Church of Christ; but few, comparatively, are chosen to dwell with God in glory, because they do not come to the master of the feast for a marriage garment - for that holiness without which none can see the Lord. This is an allusion to the Roman custom of raising their militia; all were mustered, but only those were chosen to serve, who were found proper. See the note on Matthew 20:16. Reader! examine thy soul, and make sure work for eternity! The concept of a place of limbo, somewhere between heaven and earth, some kind of celestial waiting room is not one that will be found in the pages of scripture. What about a park or garden? Now we are on a firm biblical path! We know of a garden from the early pages of Genesis, called the Garden of Eden. We know, because Adam and Eve were thrust out of it (Genesis 3:24) and were unable to get back in again, which fits well with original Persian concept of Paradise being an enclosed garden. Equating Paradise with Eden is not something new or unusual. It is the rationale behind Milton's book, "Paradise Lost", for instance. 

Rewards Vs. Salvation It will be well to make it clear from the outset that Salvation and Rewards are two totally different things. Salvation is a free gift, but rewards are earned by our works after we are saved. The Bible clearly teaches good works will not get us into heaven. Salvation [forgiveness of sin and entrance to heaven] is based on Jesus’ work on the cross and God shows no partiality regarding salvation (Acts 10:34). [See Salvation]. 

Finally, if you're interested, there's no shortage of commentaries from the great thinkers here: http://www.preceptaustin.org/1_corinthians_927_commentary.htm 

Some of the good works mentioned in Scripture which will be rewarded include 22:1-14 The provision made for perishing souls in the gospel, is represented by a royal feast made by a king, with eastern liberality, on the marriage of his son. Our merciful God has not only provided food, but a royal feast, for the perishing souls of his rebellious creatures. There is enough and to spare, of every thing that can add to our present comfort and everlasting happiness, in the salvation of his Son Jesus Christ. The guests first invited were the Jews. When the prophets of the Old Testament prevailed not, nor John the Baptist, nor Christ himself, who told them the kingdom of God was at hand, the apostles and ministers of the gospel were sent, after Christ's resurrection, to tell them it was come, and to persuade them to accept the offer. The reason why sinners come not to Christ and salvation by him, is, not because they cannot, but because they will not. 

As for the relevance: The Jews (Israelites) worshiped the true God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in contrast with the Gentiles, who sought after other gods. 

Whatever you are doing, work at it with enthusiasm, as to the Lord and not for people, because you know that you will receive your inheritance from the Lord as the reward. Serve the Lord Christ. [Colossians 3:23-24] The way I understand it is this: The idea is to not turn a blind eye to sin, but to confront it and deal with it, particularly within the body of the Church. To turn a blind eye to sin does nothing but encourage it. To confront it and make it clear that it is not to be tolerated within the Church is better, because it forces the sinner to either acknowledge the sin and repent, or leave the Church, where they will not pollute it further.