In a turn, whether you're leaning the bike, or your body, or both, that "local gravity" line is what's keeping you from highsiding or lowsiding. The center of gravity and that center line just moves depending on what you're leaning and how low you're getting. No. The advice on weighting of the pedals and the bars stays the same. Drop the outside pedal and weight it primarily, weight the inside handlebar. Note that the primary reason that you're weighting the inside bar is to initiate countersteer. 

Somewhat dependent on slope/incline and speed, and whether you're on the hoods or in the drops, but largely yes, this is correct. On a road bike, typically only for slow speed maneuvers. There are probably exceptions but I can't think of them at the moment. If you've got everything weighted properly and you're lucky, the back will cut before the front does, at which point you've got a fraction of a second to stand the bike back up, or you crash. If the front goes first, you crash. A lot of knowing the limits of road bike tire traction comes from experience, and crashing. To elaborate, let's take a look at what you're trying to achieve when cornering. I found this image recently and I think it does a great job of visualizing the basic physics of what's happening when you take a corner on a bike: Typically not during the turn. I've seen it done it the wet sometimes, but taking your foot out/off of the pedal during a turn will affect up your balance, especially on a road bike. Getting your foot out of pedal at the last minute is really hard, especially with road pedals. There's a lot more movement of your body on and over the bike on a trail than on the road. The more technical the trail, the more this is true. The "lean the bike, not the body" advice is a good rule of thumb, but it is not a one size fits all solution for mountain biking. There are so many different types of turns in mountain biking- fast, slow, bermed, off-camber, uphill, downhill, steep, flat, loose, rocky hardpacked, etc, and nearly infinite combinations of each. Many categories of turns deserve their own questions for cornering technique. 

Sloooow dooown. The more treacherous the riding surface, the more upright you need to keep the bike and your body. Do a search for mountain bike cornering and a search for road bike cornering. Notice how centered the road riders are compared to the mountain bikers. One of the big reasons for the "lean the bike" advice is to engage the more aggressive side knobs on a mountain bike tire. On a road bike this is not necessary. With a mountain bike you spend a lot of time skirting the line of traction. You lose it and regain it often. Many of the techniques for cornering on a mountain bike are to keep you on the traction side of that line and to recover without crashing when you cross it. Many of these techniques aren't applicable on a road bike, where in most cases you either have traction or you've just crashed. 

No you shouldn't be able to fully touch the ground from your seat. Maybe with your toes totally pointed you can get them both down but that's about it. To combat the boring factor I use podcasts, audiobooks, and movies. I also hide the clocks and set a timer where I can't see it so when it goes off I'm done. I've found not having the time visible makes it pass faster (watched pot never boils). 

Stem length changes based on your torso length so I have to assume that the shop provided you with the proper length/rise of stem to suit your body. 

Your seat should be high enough that at the bottom of your pedal stroke your knee is slightly bent. If you're experiencing knee pain that doesn't go away after a few rides (to get used to the new setup) the general rule is to move your seat up if the pain is in the front of your knee and down if it's in the back of your knee. As for getting on an off the bike, practice will make it easier. If you've never been riding a properly fit bike then I would anticipate it feels odd. 

I don't purchase new tires but just use the old one from the summer then get a new set for the following season. If I had a spare wheel then I'd use a training tire but it's just too much of a pain to switch rubber when it's nice enough to ride (which happens once a week at least for me). I'd agree that they can be pretty boring. I really focus my workouts when I'm using mine in the winter. Hard workouts are typically some type of interval set which takes about 1.5 hours. On days I would do a long ride and I'm stuck inside I get up early and do a 2 hour block then come back in the afternoon for the other 2 hour block. 

Your seat should be level with the ground (not the top tube) or slightly pointed down. A proper bike fit is one of the best things to spend some money on with a bike. Just give it a bit of time as you get used to a bike setup properly.