Must I assume that US leaders were well aware of the destruction they ordered? 

Avalanche Press, The Rock of Gibraltar: Fact or Fiction? 

As such, the pre-war invasions and occupations -- Austria, Sudetenland, Czechoslovakia -- and the attack on Poland were merely setting the stage for the attack on Russia. This would remove the threat of Germany being starved by naval blockade in any upcoming power struggle, and also the threat of another two-front war in the future. For which Germany had plans (Operation Felix), which however were postponed "until after the defeat of Soviet Russia". 

Submarines in WWII are hit-and-run weapons. With extremely limited range and speed while submerged, they are required to operate at the surface (or, in case of the later snorkel-equipped boats, near the surface). They close in surfaced, attack at night or from submerged ambush, and then avoid enemy escorts. Once detected, a submarine is firmly on the defensive. 

(*): "Untested" / "tested only once" refers to a complete "device" leading to a runaway chain reaction. They have been testing the heck out of the individual components, and have been conducting many tests to figure out at which point the runaway chain reaction would occur so they could build a device that would neither "fizzle" (start chain reaction too soon and go "pop" instead of "boom" because the device destroys itself prematurely) nor fail to enter chain reaction at all. 

If a country Japan was at war with -- the USA -- insists on shipping war supplies to a country Japan was not at war with, why should Japan mind? 

In light of those numbers, I'd say six million tons of annual imports are pretty significant, especially since France is not yet conquered. 

Gibraltar during the war had a quite formidable British naval presence (Force H), an airfield, and significant coastal gun emplacements easily capable of covering the entire strait. 

The "end goal", as Hitler quite clearly states in "Mein Kampf", his "political testament", was, and I paraphrase, Blockading Gibraltar with submarines is a non-option tactically, and would not have made sense strategically, given available resources. 

The Plan R 4 article lists the following source: 

Extending regarding the comment on total numbers: 

Destroying those supplies would require the commitment of forces Japan did not have to spare, with little to show for it. 

The same thread quotes from "Die Deutsche Handelsflotte 1939-1945": We know how that went, but that's hindsight. Quoting from the source, emphasis mine: It is somewhat important to realize that even Hitler was not so mad as to actually consider invading all of Europe, and getting away with it. He had to consider cost vs. benefit. 

All this was a severe strain on available forces, and crucially delayed the attack on Russia. Had he been given the choice, he'd rather have done without all this. There was nothing to be gained from invading Sweden, and the German forces did not have the resources to spare anyway. Of course, the two planes pictured in the movie are not even remotely looking like FW-190's. They appear to be Bf 108's, which were unarmed. ;-) 

The overall global production for 1937 is given as 98.0 million metric tons. 

The plutonium (implosion) bomb design was only tested that one time before being used on Nagasaki. The uranium (gun) bomb design was entirely untested (*) when used on Hiroshima. Trying to blockade the strait would not have gone unopposed, and would likely be impossible without attacking / suppressing / capturing the fortress itself. Hitler's target -- "the plan", as early as 1925 -- was Russia. That's where his ideological enemy was: Bolshevism. That's where his whole screwed "Lebensraum" vision played out: land, slaves, and resources. Attacking the Strait of Gibraltar, then staying there and waiting for British reinforcements, would have been several flavors of foolish. 

The uranium (gun) design was considered to be so simple that the chance of malfunction was minimal and did not require testing. Besides, they only had enough U235 for the one bomb anyway. At first, Hitler believed Britain would sit still during this German - Russian power struggle. Because they were a "Germanic" people, because they couldn't want Bolchevism to take over, because they might be happy with their overseas possessions and turn a blind eye on Germany shifting the balance of power on the continent. Then (when Britain and France declared war over the invasion of Poland) he believed Britain could be forced out of the war.