institutions : university, research centers 

Definition 4 : But parts when it does not measure it. It is highly debate in the literature whether the value-course theory really solves the julius Caesar problem. 

The platonist characterization of this sort of issues comes from the fact that is "difficult" to support the "common sense" realist view regarding abstract entities. You can see Arithmetices principia: nova methodo exposita (1889), translated into: The nature of numbers is a real difficult problem; form a "philosophy of mathematics" point of view, the best starting point is yet Frege's Grundlagen (1884 - The Foundations of Arithmetic) - difficult but rewarding. The thorny issue of "reality" of abstract object (starting from Plato and Aristotle) is that we think that objects are real when we are able to see and touch them, and we cannot see and touch numbers. But, if they are not real, why they are so ... useful, indispensable for the entire umankind ? A lot of work in XX century phil of math has been dedicated to find some way to support the idea that numbers are not real (in everyday sense of the term) but mathematics is anyway worth studying as ... a game with symbols, a set of statments true by convention, a social construction, and so on. Aristotle's solution was largely accepted until the end of 19th century when Cantor and Dedekind formalized the notion of continuum in terms of set theory. Under their interpretation time is in fact composed of indivisible nows, just like a line is composed of points, and any other magnitude is composed of indivisible elements as well. It does not mean that Aristotle is "wrong", but it does mean that his interpretation of time/continuum is at odds with modern mathematics, and its usefulness is thus severely diminished. Since mathematics is used to describe time and motion in physical theories one would prefer a solution that accomodates its premises. 

For more on Brouwer's and Weyl's fluid continuum see Is Aristotle's resolution of Zeno's paradoxes vindicated by motion in the intuitionistic continuum? The linked paper also gives an interpretation of Brouwer's first act in terms of Husserlian phenomenology of intentional acts and temporal retentions/protentions: 

The notion of "cardinal number" or "cardinality" (even finite) is much more recent, it is one way to make the everyday concept more precise for mathematical use, the one favored by the current formalization of mathematics. The notion was introduced by grammarians in 1590-s to distinguish between counting numerals (one, two, three) and order numerals (first, second, third), so-called ordinals. But their modern mathematical life begins at the end of 19th century in Cantor's set theory, which imported the distinction and made it even more technical. Cantor replaced the elementary concept of a number with a derived and abstract one based on sets (for what it is worth, the informal counting conception is closer to his ordinals than to his cardinals, the notions are equivalent in scope in the finite case but diverge dramatically for infinities). Two sets are equipollent if they can be put into a bijective correspondence (this is now called Hume's principle), and the cardinal number of a set is something like the equivalence class of all sets equipollent to it, or so Cantor wanted to say. This turned out to have technical problems, and now more "concrete" definitions are preferred, ones that identify it with one of very specially generated sets like ∅,{∅},{{∅}},... or ∅,{∅},{∅,{∅}},... , see Set-theoretic definition of natural numbers. Weyl concludes that there is a divide between mathematical theorizing and philosophical insight into our experience, of time and motion in particular, which seems to echo Aristotle’s “response to the question” vs. “response to the actual facts of the matter”. But he goes further suggesting that it can not be bridged, which implies that Zeno’s challenge must get different answers on different grounds:”if phenomenal insight is referred to as knowledge, then the theoretical one is based on belief... But where is that transcendent world carried by belief, at which its symbols are directed? I do not find it, unless I completely fuse mathematics with physics and assume that the mathematical concepts of number, function, etc. (or Hilbert’s symbols), generally partake in the theoretical construction of reality in the same way as the concepts of energy, gravitation, electron, etc.” The best approach - for me - is through the wittgensteinian concep of family resemblances [see Phil Inv, §§65-on] mediated trough the work of Thomas Kuhn, the American physicist, historian, and philosopher of science whose book The Structure of Scientific Revolutions (1962) gave us a deep insight into real historical development of science. Contrary to the impression students acquire in school Contrary to the impression students acquire in school, mathematics is not just a series of techniques. Mathematics tells us what we have never known or even suspected about notable phenomena and in some instances even contradicts perception. It is the essence of our knowledge of the physical world. It not only transcends perception but outclasses it. It is highly debate in the literature whether the value-course theory really solves the julius Caesar problem. 

If we have an axiom system with a finite number of axioms, we can always reduce them to only one, replacing the set of original axioms with their conjunction. 

My personal understanding is that deep questions do not have definitive answers. The nature of numbers is a real difficult problem; form a "philosophy of mathematics" point of view, the best starting point is yet Frege's Grundlagen (1884 - The Foundations of Arithmetic) - difficult but rewarding. The thorny issue of "reality" of abstract object (starting from Plato and Aristotle) is that we think that objects are real when we are able to see and touch them, and we cannot see and touch numbers. But, if they are not real, why they are so ... useful, indispensable for the entire umankind ? A lot of work in XX century phil of math has been dedicated to find some way to support the idea that numbers are not real (in everyday sense of the term) but mathematics is anyway worth studying as ... a game with symbols, a set of statments true by convention, a social construction, and so on.