Per the Code of Canon Law cited above, it would be illicit to assert that one is at "St Paul's Catholic Church" unless the process described above had been properly completed. Note: latreia and latria are Latin forms of Greek (λατρεία). The second was a larger group of the disciples who saw Him in his glorified body. As you noted in that passage, He ate food. He was raised from the dead, and was not simply a spirit people were seeing. (Recall also "doubting Thomas" sticking his finger into Jesus wounded side and seeing the holes in his hands). Your point on how impressively few in number are the cradle Catholics who know their own religion in detail reflects my experience as well (I am on my 6th year of serving in the RCIA ministry). What your priests advised you matches our deacon's core message, and our pastor's guidance, which is emphasis on relationships (specifically the relationship with Christ, but it goes deeper than that) and being sincerely open to grow in your Faith. The Catechism is but one resource in nurturing that growth over time. From the Point of View of Roman Catholic Church teaching, divination is not an appropriate response to natural phenomena. You would thus not get an official interpretation of such an event. At the evening of life, we shall be judged on our love. (~St. John of the Cross, Dichos 64.) Issuing Ultimatums to God The question as asked infers a particular attitude vis a vis the relationship between man and God. No, that 100% target isn't a critical milestone for a neophyte, which is the state you'll be in at the Easter Vigil. (One year won't do that volume justice in any case). Christians are not bound to circumcise, to abstain from levitically unclean food and so on. At this point, our deacon would usually follow up with this (paraphrased) From the Catechism of the Catholic Church, article 1023, you will find this statement in a discussion about "Particular Judgment": The Magisterium underscores human responsibility for the preservation of a sound and healthy environment for all.[977] “If humanity today succeeds in combining the new scientific capacities with a strong ethical dimension, it will certainly be able to promote the environment as a home and a resource for man and for all men, and will be able to eliminate the causes of pollution and to guarantee adequate conditions of hygiene and health for small groups as well as for vast human settlements. Technology that pollutes can also cleanse, production that amasses can also distribute justly, on condition that the ethic of respect for life and human dignity, for the rights of today's generations and those to come, prevails”.[978] 334 In the meantime, the whole life of the Church benefits from the mysterious and powerful help of angels. Aside: the question is lacking in form The "why didn't someone do something" question form is difficult enough when we are dealing with humans. It typically requires making a guess or an inference, and is often unknowable. (Personal experience from fatal aircraft accident investigations: why didn't (the pilot) do X?). How do I know this? Six years in the RCIA ministry working with this issue, among others.