If he donk-bet less, say $30-$40, I'd call one street and reevaluate on the turn. In this scenario, once I've hit my set I'm getting it in. Any non-Queen turn I would give up if he continued betting and if he didn't I'd check behind. Same on the river. Cash players measure their results in something called big bets per 100 hands or BB/100. A big bet is simply two times the big blind. So in $0.01/$0.02 micro-stakes cash, a big bet is $0.04. So when a player says they are an 8BB/100 winner at $0.01/$0.02, you know that, on average, for every 100 hands (normally about an hour worth of play) they put in at a $0.01/$0.02 table, they will make $0.32. Your hand is relatively weak when compared to your opponents range but it is too strong to entirely give up on though. When you are in this kind of position, you should think of your hand as a bluffcatcher. OP EDIT: If you were the villain with QQ on the flop, how much would hero have to bet to get you to fold? ~$50+ when facing a tight-aggressive player that raised UTG, smooth called a small reraise, and then donk-bet 2/3rds pot on a super dry K52 rainbow flop. Tight-aggressive players just aren't doing this with worse than Kx. If he had {QQ-99}, he'd likely just check-call one or two streets. He also might be donk-betting with Ax hands that missed but it's such a small portion of his range you can usually ignore it, especially when you consider that most people won't continuation bet 2/3rds pot with air. They'll c-bet around half pot or slightly less. Folding: This is definitely an option. It really depends on just how tight Villian is. If he's extremely tight I would fold this without a second thought. Take a step back and think what leading out accomplishes. You simply fold out {AQ, AJs, QQ-99} a certain amount of the time (how often is dependent on how tight he is) and you valuetown yourself against {KK+, AK}. It's unlikely that Villian will fold to any flop bet with QQ, apart from a jam, and especially not against a $30 bet into a $73 pot. That means you will have to barrel the turn to push him off his hand which I just can't see happening with such short stacks. And that would be a terrible line to take as his range is very strong. You might as well just hand him your stack. I would personally never be betting this flop. You're out of position against an opponent that 3-bet your UTG open preflop and you've flopped TPGK which is still very vulnerable against Villian's range. He either has you crushed right now or has a hand that is scared due to the King. Reraising Not-All-In: This is a bad idea. The majority of his range will jam if you reraise at which point you'll have to fold, giving up a significant pot. The rest of his range will likely call and go to a flop. Note that his calling portion isn't doing so bad against KQs either. If they bet you have to evaluate if they are firing another bluff. I don't like that overbet shove of over 3x the pot. Variance happens. You need to have a proper bankroll to deal with it. If KGB is going to slow play AA then I get checking the turn. Typically would not force the hand to be folded. The other players are at an advantage. Typically player2 can only call or fold. Cannot open or raise. Turn fire again with an almost pot size bet. You have a flush draw and two over. You get another call. That is a very strong call. That does not fill in a draw so now you need to put them on a made hand like one pair, two pair, or even a set. JT is still a possibility. Going to assume the blinds were part of the 4 $28 preflop $60 flop $25 turn $125 turn $238 total That is a good flop for you. You are only behind TT and 88 and if villain was on AT you can get paid off. AK is is possibility. 9J and QJ are not likely as very weak for that preflop betting. You have blockers on the QQ so QJ is not likely and 9J only has 6 outs. darvin moon 1 hand panalty pobal one round penalty tony g 50 into 67 is enough to chase off draws. That call is a made hand unless villain cannot do math. Check on the flop you can put him on a draw The board has a flush draw and runner runner straight draw Top pair, 2 pair, or trips should bet 1/2 the pot to chase off draws The only way that was a good lay down is if you are 100% sure he had AA. KGB is only keeping Mike around if he is bluffing with air. Mike might open wider but never with air here. There is just not reason for it. On the flop I think you should have re-raised to $80-$100 to try and get a fold from a small spade or max value if villain has 77 or AK. There is a 35% chance a spade hits by the river that does not give you a boat. When they call $60 they likely have 77, AK, or a spade (but you don't know how big).