Have you ever seen a slime in your farm? If answer is no, good chance you got something wrong somewhere in your calculations. I have the following underground farm. It's not optimal in terms of space, but for a farm, it's very efficient, and has automatic harvesting. Planting is always manual on these things unfortunately, and that's the bottleneck for massive production. My planned solution to this problem, when I get back to working on my villager trading system, is to have a core breeding area, that infinitely breeds. If you have seen a slime, then very likely there are just too many other places for MOBS to spawn in the 150x150 region around you, that fill up all the MOB slots. Time to break out the torches, and start lighting everything around you. Then, have a system that allows villagers to "escape" once the population is large. I bumped up memory to 4 Gig, and I've never had minecraft crash since due to excessive numbers of mobs. (It will get laggy, whenever there are more than 500 mobs around) A while back, (release 1.2 ??) I had a skeleton XP farm in vanilla Minecraft, that would crash minecraft whenever it got more than 300 skeletons trapped into it. (That number is from old memory, that's my best effort recollection.) There are many tutorials on the topics, in particular, google: Minecraft automatic tree farm (or minecraft AFK tree farm). A video from a more famous youtuber than previously posted is here: Now, the third hopper can only pull one item / cycle from the second hopper, so the second hopper pushes the "extra" item into the top chest. You can also use the bone meal on the underside of the block and long grass will still grow. If you place cobblestone on the floor and look at the top, you should be able to see a L-shape (only with the original texture pack.) If the L is the correct orientation you are facing North In the server's server.properties file. If you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access, although if you do this they will not be able to change map. But using this set-up (the painting is a piston) and repeatedly turning on and off the redstone, the glowstone block will move upwards, if pistons have a limit of how much they can push, it will eventually stop. And there is the case of lots of cobblestone as a by-product. If you saw this texture then you would be facing North. This can help you keep orientation if you know which way you are suposed to be heading. PATH is a list of directories (or paths) in which your OS is supposed to look for executable files (like *.exe) when running things via the command line, if it is not in the current working directory. Put them in the Spawn Chunks The Spawn Chunks are a 16×16 set of chunks centered around your world spawn. These chunks are loaded at all times, unless no player has been in the overworld in the last 60 seconds*. In pure survival, your team would need to capture these guardians manually, which involves raiding at least 20 ocean monuments. It is also possible to synchronize the curse timers, although the video doesn't go into details, mostly because ot would be utterly ridiculous to even attempt this method of base protection. I also ran some tests in the 1.9 pre-release right now. I created a 3x4x3 obsidian box with water at the bottom (to prevent burning), and a single block window at one side as well as the top open. The window was used to trigger a set of command blocks to teleport me into the center of the box and summon a Fireball with Explosion power 3 above myself, heading downwards: In this case, the minecraft launcher needs to execute javaw.exe from the minecraft directory, rather than the java installation folder, something like: