It's worth stressing that this executive order does not grant any new powers or change the wording of the law, it simply weakens enforcement and scale back regulations should the Department of Health and Human Services want to. Apparently yes. According to this article by Bustle, his travel cost would exceed Obama's by a huge margin. 

Is he deliberately spending less than her? You can put it this way. It's his campaign strategy. It has proved to be successfully in the primaries, but not so in the general. Source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/20/us/politics/fbi-investigation-trump-russia-comey.html 

There are various speculations that the UK's intelligence agency GCHQ alerted its US counterparts to possible contacts. 

As of mid-October, Trump only has $16 million on hand, and some additional cash in joint accounts he controls. In comparison, Hillary Clinton had $62.4 million. (excerpts from this article by Bustle, emphasis mine) Thus, by withdrawing from the UNFCCC, the US will be withdrawn from the agreement. However, it still takes one year to exit the UNFCCC, so the US will be able to exit earliest by next year. 

It's mainly because it's more complicated and some believed that Russia's actions would undermine the US election and US democracy. 

As quoted from this article by Quartz: 

2. Through the Supreme Court The Supreme Court can declare the order as unconstitutional which has happened before. 

Russians officials would obviously deny the claim. Since the Russian government hope to reset ties with the Trump administration, publicly acknowledging that they did it would put Trump in a difficult position should he want to rebuild ties with Russia. Furthermore, the Obama administration had already imposed sanctions on Russia after the election. By publicly acknowledging the claim, it would mean the sanctions would be justified. Bill Clinton went to Israel, followed by Kuwait and then Israel in October 1994. The DNC emails hack may also have prompted the investigation into whether the Russians interfered with the US election. The US intelligence agencies seemed to have traced them back to Russia. 

Lastly, this's the graphic that's "shared widely on Reddit": But Congress can veto a President's veto, known as a congressional override. This can be achieved by having two-thirds of the members of each chamber of Congress to vote in favor of the override. Eventually, he still plans to let Mexico pay for it. In an another article by CNN, he will use Mexicans' remittances to pay for the wall. and why isn't he self-funding more? It's costly to self-fund. He knows that his polling numbers aren't that good and he definitely won't want to spend more money on his campaign. There are 2 ways to exit from the agreement as described in this article by CNN. 

Since the EO is vague, it's up to interpretation and enforcement so it would still depend on whether the HHS wants to continue to enforce the Individual Mandate. At the close of this year's tax season, It seems like the Trump administration is still enforcing it. So, the plausible way would be for the Supreme Court to rule his order as unconstitutional. But opinion has been divided over whether his order does violate the US constitution. 

George W. Bush went to Israel and then Saudi Arabia directly in May 2008. Also, a commentary by The New York Times states: But it's also due to the fact that he travels more than his predecessors: Yes, the FBI was officially (and likely is) investigating the issue. James Comey confirmed that during a hearing before the House Intelligence Committee. The investigation is still on at the time he was dismissed from the FBI. 

You can check out this article for some of the comments made by Republicans lawmakers on the reasons why they're "so obsessed" with the investigation. An article published by The Guardian describes if it is unconstitutional: In 1996, he ran for President against Bill Clinton, who was seeking for a second term in office, but wasn't successful. But the president ignores the fact that Congress then restricted this power in 1965, stating plainly that no person could be “discriminated against in the issuance of an immigrant visa because of the person’s race, sex, nationality, place of birth or place of residence.” The only exceptions are those provided for by Congress (such as the preference for Cuban asylum seekers). 

Yes, but it might be difficult. There are only 2 ways to overturn an executive order issued by a President. However, some have expressed doubt. At any time after three years from the date on which this Agreement has entered into force for a Party, that Party may withdraw from this Agreement by giving written notification to the Depositary. So, the examples you listed basically aren't similar with the scale of the Russian interference at all. 

No, he cannot sign an executive order to repeal the Affordable Care Act since it's a law. Laws can only be changed or written by Congress. 

As quoted from the Intelligence Community Assessment report: