Smaller stories are generally easier to get a feel for and less likely to involve multiple systems etc. 

Anyone can call themselves an agile coach. No idea how the courses out there compare, which is best probably depends on your objectives. I've never seen a company require (or even list as a nice to have) any agile (rather than scrum specific) qualification. They might be worth doing to learn but I doubt they'd have much impact on your resume. 

In this scenario, it's a good idea to do a spike to help you understand the issue at hand. I would avoid at all costs mapping points to hours. 

We have a ready for sprint column on our board - stories can only move from the backlog to ready if they are sized appropriately, have acceptance criteria and have completed, signed off designs. This still gives us visibility of forthcoming stories that we need designs for without having 'design for xyz page' separately in the backlog and the design work is done outside of the sprint so it doesn't affect estimation or planning. Feedback items eventually become part of the product backlog by either revising or adding new items in the backlog. These have to be prioritized by the Product Owner before the team pulls them into a Sprint/Iteration Backlog. So to answer your question: http://www.scrumalliance.org/community/articles/2008/february/the-case-of-the-time-tyrant becomes one of the acceptance test of the first story: 

Feedback gets implemented based on the priority set by the PO. If PO wants a feature/story to be completed before the feedback items then the team will implement the feedback in a future sprint. 

Some reference about the use of MoSCoW in agile: PO has to prioritize the backlog (the what part) where as the team decides amount of work that can be delivered in each sprint (the how-much part). Similarly PO provides feedback on the sprint during sprint review meetings and decides to approve or reject the sprint which has been delivered by the team thus causing conflict of interest. Wont have items also need to be documented and assigned a status of closed, so that we dont loose sight of those and can be tracked. These items can be those feedback items which are not relevant to the product or are not cost effective to implement at this time. Here is what Roman Pichler has to say on Scrum Alliance, The product owner is required to: This is a lot of work for a PO which would require undivided attention. For highly aligned and high performance teams, Scrum Master role may need less amount of time but a PO will still have to spend similar amount of time regardless. 

For the issues you have encountered, new stories / technical debt tasks should be created and added to the sprint backlog (as per the team's velocity). These may cause some user stories (maybe feature requests) to be pushed into future sprints, which is fine as long as the stakeholders agree that paying off technical debt provides more value as opposed to feature requests. 

Fixed price contracts and ambiguous scope do not belong together ...ever. You cannot go down the path of even saying clearly what you will do because no one knows what needs to be done. You cannot plan to handle it with change requests because a CR is a change to scope...and you don't have any scope. Draw a line that represents the rolling average over that period, then draw lines that represent upper and lower control limits at 1, 2, and 3 sigma. Then analyze again. Your Y axis goes from zero to 1,000 which can make normal variation look extreme and volatile. 

There are universal signs of team maturity. Use the Forming, Storming, Norming, Performing model as an example. The stages just in framework give a clue as to what you might see as your team matures. When you just form, you can expect to see civility between the members and high morale, but performance will be low, and direction from the boss will be high. As the team enters storming, as the name suggests, conflict will grow, allies and enemies created, sabotage is likely, and morale will drop. The boss will even have to provide higher direction and more micro management (this is when micro management is NOT bad despite the general belief most have). Then, into norming, the team starts to settle in, roles begin to emerge (think Belbin roles here, where individuals start assuming various roles that complete a team), morale grows again, and boss direction begins to drop. Performance starts to improve as well where the deliverables become "collective" in responsibility. If Bob fails, we all fail. 

Scrum uses velocity to measure capacity. Velocity is the average number of story points they complete in a sprint (defined time period, usually between 1 - 4 weeks). 

You're trying to be too precise Another approach used frequently by agile teams is to limit work in progress and measure cycle time (time from work to get from one part of their process to another). Only Scrum Alliance Certified Scrum Trainers (CST) can run the Scrum Alliance Certified Scrum xxx courses (CSM, CSPO etc). Anyone can call themselves an agile coach. No idea how the courses out there compare, which is best probably depends on your objectives. I've never seen a company require (or even list as a nice to have) any agile (rather than scrum specific) qualification. They might be worth doing to learn but I doubt they'd have much impact on your resume. 

If you've got an example of a 2, a 5, an 8 and a 13 point story, bring them to your estimation session. Hopefully it'll be easier to estimate along the lines of "it's definitely bigger than the 2 point story and smaller than the 13 point one." in which case it's either a 5 or an 8, pick what you feel is closest.