Proto-Turkic does actually have a fairly precise meaning. 

Other places that seemed to have developed native agriculture independently were the Olmec in the Coatzacoalcos River basin (staple - corn), the Caral in Peru in the Supe river valley (domesticated potatoes, Quinona, and a variant of cotton), and the New Guinea highlands (sugar cane for sure, not sure what else)*. 

All we can really know is what archeology can tell us. It does appear that it declined and eventually faded away over a long period of time, rather than just mysteriously disappearing one day. That makes disaster theories like destruction at the hand of an Ayrian Invasion much less attractive than they used to be. 

So what appears to be a prerequisite for the development of writing is a settled, stratified society that has enough trade to support full-time accountants and enough stratification to support kings. 

It has become fashionable to put that belief on ancient Persia's King Cyrus the Great. There's little doubt that his behavior toward conquered peoples was far better than that of the Babylonians and Assyrians before him. Both the Torah and the Babylonian Cyrus Cylinder testify to this. He certainly did free his Jewish slaves he inherited when he conquered the Neo-Babylonian Empire. However, claims that the same cylinder is some kind of early declaration of human rights are at best a bit of modern mythologizing*. 

For comparison, note that historians are still arguing over what exactly caused the fall of the (western) Roman Empire, which at the time was the most literate Civilization on earth. If they can't agree on that, it is probably not reasonable to expect certain knowledge about the exact cause for the decline of a bronze-age civilization that was barely literate (and what little we have undeciphered), and had no literate neighbors. 

"Scythian" was the name the ancients applied to the nomadic Iranian-speaking people living in the area north of the Black and Caspian seas (but often stretching as far west as Bulgaria) from about the 8th to the 1st century BC. Their language was quite certainly Iranian*. There is even one descendant language you can look at today: Ossetian. 

"Copyright" didn't exist, so authorship was not a big deal. If you had some material you wanted spread, the absolute best way to do it was to attribute it to someone famous, and slip it into a copy of their work. 

China actually had two separate ones: The Yellow river and the Yangtze. The Yellow river is likely the initial homeland of the Han people. However, the Yangtze is where the staple crop of rice was most likely domesticated. Eventually the Han expanded and overran the Yangtze basin as well, supplanting the locals. However, they kept their rice. 

However, there is another story. According the the Samaratans themselves, not everyone was carried off, and they are those folk's descendents. Genetic Studies don't refute the Samaratan's story. 

Moses went through a separate analysis, but the result is roughly the same. The texts that mention him are accepted to have not been written until the Babylonian Exile (late 6th century BCE) whereas the event itself would have occurred 700 years earlier. There's no real corroborating records of such a thing from any other sources, and the linguistic evidence is most consistent with the Hebrews being closely related to their neighbors in the levant, not recent immigrants from elsewhere. 

What this implies is that there was a point when the Phoenicians, Hebrews, and other Canaanites were all one people. Linguists figure the time of this "Proto-Canaanite" to be from 1500 to 1100 BC. Given the geography of these languages (see below) the Phoenicians, Hebrews, and other Canaanites all likely differentiated from each other in-situ. 

So if you are willing to be a bit expansive with your definitions, then being related to the Indus Valley civilization, as well as the Elamites in Iran (I believe even mentioned in The Bible in a couple of places) is probably the Dravidian peoples' best claim to fame in the ancient world.