Yet when looking closely at the words and using common sense neither baptism or confession has any direct relationship to salvation. Both are external testimonies of the salvation which is by faith only. The Bible does not say 'but whoever does not believe (or is not baptized) will be condemned'. The bible does not say 'For it is with your heart (and your confession) that you believe and are justified'. The view that these trees are equal and opposites is common and the most congruent with scripture: The question is difficult because it depends on what a person really means by 'accommodation'. If we mean an intentional misuse of pure logic in order to explain something, like 'God walking among us', or 'God repenting', then obviously it is not an accommodation in that obvious sense as God will punish sinners and has punished sinners in the Bible. The bible is full of his punishment everywhere, there is no need to quote scripture in detail as all will confess his judgments recorded. However, if what is really meant is a method to reconcile God's anger with his love, as seeming contradictory attributes, then the question itself is a confusion of subjects as anger is not an attribute of God. Similar to historicist but everything sandwiched around the sacking of Israel by Rome. Therefore destruction of actual vegetation in the land around Jerusalem. Let's assume around 1/3. Basically the obvious symbolism that can be imagined. For example 'whatever' kind of destruction which at any time damages the earth such as what we see on the news. Maybe 1/3 is actually greater then what is actual but symbolism does not need to literally match the figure employed. Again Jesu spoke to a woman at a well who is on the fence and being drawn in. Jesus implies that what she has will be multiplied into living waters of new eternal life: In general, Christ's parables spoke about the nature of his kingdom. How one was in it, or not, based on their nature, which would eventually show itself good or bad. Everything was about the nature of a person, not their works, but a good nature would grow up good, and a bad nature grow up bad. To enter into this kingdom of life, one had to believe in Christ, receive his seed, believe his word and be a new creature. In the end, the bad creatures, weeds, fish, would be tossed, burned, weep and gnash their teeth, etc. The good creatures by virtue of their being in the kingdom, would be congratulated, rewarded, etc. The language was vague enough to confuse anyone who was self righteous not knowing they needed faith and re-birth, but anyone who longed for forgiveness and felt the strings of their heart moved and warmed by Him whose words were eternal life, the same were drawn in.