Most bikes use 100mm in the front and 130/135mm in the back, so its unlikely it would fit unless you knew a priori that your bike was one that could have it fit. The second problem is part selection - brands, budget, functional differences and if they go together (e.g. do you want a wheel with a flip flop hub, or just a fixed gear? What gear ratio should you pick? Do I shell out for the Chris King headset instead of the cheaper Cane Creek one? Will my crank go together with the bottom bracket I selected? etc.) For example, if you have a bottom bracket which is too narrow, you may get some knee pain. Specific to the case of fixies, Sheldon has some advice on selecting gearing and converting old frames to fixies. Also, your frame should have horizontal dropouts. The part of the rim you're talking about is a brake track or braking surface (the silver colored thing in this picture): which is where the rim brake is supposed to make contact with. Sheldon Brown's site is useful if you want to do this, as is the Park Tool site (Park Tool makes some excellent bicycle specific tools, but if you're purchasing tools, you may want to go with a cheaper set since they do not need to be so long lasting). There are also various books, such as "The Bicycling Guide to Complete Bicycle Maintenance and Repair" by Todd Downs, "Big Blue Book of Bicycle Repair" by Park Tool and "Sutherland's Handbook for Bicycle Mechanics" among others which may be of use (the last one is designed pretty much for shop mechanics though). I'm always cautious with things off Kickstarter, but the idea of Hexlox looks similar to the Pitstopper from Pitlock; the question is if one (or both) of the implementations are acceptable in quality. In any case, both Hexlox and Pitstopper look inferior to the original Pitlock system IMO (but I haven't done any tests with either of them). The Point system doesn't look very secure either and I've never heard of the company either. This is actually a mountain bike, despite the name (hybrid referring to having a battery, it seems). The bike is way too low end to have a thru axle. Finally, theres the problem of putting things together. You may need some help here, as you may not have all the tools on hand for it and the investment in these specialized tools may not be worth it. For example, you may need a bottom bracket tool, cassette tool, chain whip, cable housing cutters (If you run a brake, you can get away with rougher cutting than for shifter cable housing (which fixies don't have), but its still a PITA to cut without the proper tools) etc. Also, if you need to cut your fork at home, its a lot nicer when done by the bike shop instead of pulling out a hacksaw at your house since they typically have nice guides for cutting the fork (with a hacksaw). Sometimes you can borrow these tools from a bike shop or a bike co-op and save yourself some of the expense. Also, you need some expertise to put the bike together in the first place (i.e. some knowledge on how the parts go together and how to adjust them properly, such as chain tension, which is critical on a fixie). Also, you'll make some mistakes (hopefully not forgetting to grease some thing or cross threading things), so you also need to allot time to deal with that. Even once you get the parts put in, you have to tune it to your riding style, so it could be a decent amount of time to put the thing together. Often, you can't get the exact parts spec'd from OEM's (there are lines of parts specifically for OEMs). But its not hard to find equivalents or improvements for around the same price (even if you can get them). As a general rule, we don't go shopping on bicycles.SE, since that information goes out of date quickly. It has a regular old quick release. One thing about security is that bad security looks very close to good security a lot of the times (and assessing good security is often based on trust; if Bruce Schneier says a computer security system is good, you might feel okay about it; if Joe Schmoe on twitter says so, you probably wouldn't put any stake into it). So, do your research on any products that you may consider buying from quality sources.