There is no one universally acclaimed best introduction to philosophy. I might start with Plato, you might start with Descartes, and a third person might start with Bertrand Russell (and another with Aquinas, and another with Lao Tzu, and so forth). Each of those starting points would give you a radically different portrait of the field of philosophy and its goals. Yet, starting with a deep read of any one among those is arguably a better way to enter the world of philosophy than would be a textbook featuring a pinch of one and a dash of the next. 

I'm reasonably certain that no established school of thought has brought such a nihilistic perspective to the veil of ignorance. 

According to my understanding of gestalt, meaning the whole is not reducible to the sum of the parts, the philosophical analogs would be holism, emergentism and anti-reductionism. 

The original story (the dream about the butterfly) is from the writings of Chuang Tzu (also transliterated as Zhuangzi) who was a significant early Taoist philosopher noted for a mischievous sense of humor and cynical outlook. You might look into his works as a starting point. 

Philosophy is an ongoing argument, without a resolution, therefore it is not possible to teach it in a neutral and objective manner. Every course in philosophy unavoidably outlines some philosophical stance simply through the act of selecting certain readings and omitting others. This goes goes directly against the ideal of a textbook as a fair and unbiased survey of the territory. 

Finally, while original work is not appropriate for this site, this is a topic of quite some interest to me --feel free to contact me directly if you have interest in my own views. 

I would personally recommend five books of foundational philosophy. All of them are hugely influential, relatively brief, aimed at a general audience, and not hard to read (if you find a good translation!). One is Middle Eastern (from the Bible), one is Asian, one are European, and the last two are ancient Greek. I have listed them in rough order of difficulty. 

Your best bet of finding philosophical approaches to this idea, therefore, is probably to start with Kant's Critique of Judgement and work your way outwards from there. 

Not all philosophy is equally impenetrable. Modern academic philosophy is very hard to read because it is entirely aimed at a graduate+ level academic audience. In contrast, classic philosophy was often aimed at a general(ish) audience. It can still be difficult, depending on the lucidity of the writer, and how different their cultural context was, but it doesn't require the same level of prior knowledge. Of course, the concepts themselves are still often difficult to wrap your head around, but that's the whole work of philosophy. 

It's both one of the oldest and the most perennial philosophies, and elements of it are found in the work of many philosophers who aren't technically skeptics themselves, notably Socrates and Descartes. For instance, you might find Plato's Eurhyphro relevant, since it also deals with the question of moral surety. 

Note: the links above are to older translations freely available on the internet. In most cases there are more modern and readable translations available, but not for free. 

If your belief is truly that the best outcome is immediate death for all, then no philosophical perspective is going to lead to any different result for you. Most people, however, would find this utterly morally abhorrent. 

Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency.