The drifter/sacrifice is you. You are in this case willing (presumably). The scope of the assistance your death provides is quite high. There may be more similar cases in the literature. First, there's no rule in proving that you have to look at every variable simultaneously. You can work with whichever variables and inference rules are available. Thus, there's nothing illicit about the fact that our proof builds on the P branch in 2 and 3 and then ~P branch in 4. Ad hominem is the name of type of informal fallacy. I say that because the problem is that informal fallacies are more "rules of thumb" than hard fast strictly-defined philosophical terms. So often many different names will apply to the same fallacy or many different fallacies will occur in the same fallacious statement. Okay, I don't think this question is substantially different from another question which I've already marked, but I'll do my best to give you an answer here anyway. Simply put, you're misunderstanding the difference between Act utilitarianism and rule utilitarianism. I haven't seen your variation in the literature but the distinctive features versus a standard trolley problem are: The situation is a bit more complicated and confusing when A is false (if we are thinking "if, then" rather than just accepting it as an operator). Most recently, the explanation I've been giving in my classes is as follows, That said, this looks more to me like the genetic fallacy. Conversely, gun freedom advocates are emphasizing a model of agency -- that what we should concern ourselves with is that people are the efficient causes and have the final causes. And that eliminating one means for them to kill does not necessarily remove their ability to kill. It's a classic liberal position in relation to negative freedoms. Thus, both seek to optimize outcomes, but act utilitarianism does so by having agents optimize their own acts and rule utilitarianism does so by optimizing rules for actions (not generally at the agent level). Conversely, if I pick the produces horn, then it's not clear that my choices matter for ethics. My accidental choice to not buy the cake on discount may lead to great happiness for a poor family even though I never thought about it. Or my dropping change on the floor might lead to a horrific accident. Here, we'd have a very strong form of moral luck. The general scope of such cases is to look at when we think it would make sense to sacrifice one or more lives to save one or more lives, and the cases distinguish themselves insofar as the number or quality of the lives on each side vary. A second variable is whether someone will die anyway. A third variable is the degree to which you can be certain of the consequences of your action. A fourth variable is action versus inaction as the source of the sacrificing.