On the 'right to disqualify,' they can't. They are just calling his character into question giving his prejudicial statements. The administration however, through Josh Earnest, is free to discredit or judge Trumps statements publicly. There is a legitimate concern that his expressed desire of keeping out all muslims can be used as a propaganda or recruiting device. However, the shortcoming of that concern is that there is already a stated intention to kill us; hiding from that reality just leaves these United States unprepared to provide a defense. The large portion for why Trump is pushing a budget increase is the decay of military readiness under sequester and continuing resolution. Lacking a formal budget and subsisting off of uncertain continuing resolutions for six years, usually followed by a 'government shutdown,' the military is challenged to put major maintenance items on contract. This causes maintenance to be deferred, for ships and airplanes. The premise of your question was faulty prior to the edit; the Constitution protects the rights of every individual within the jurisdiction of these United States from infringement by the Federal, State, and Local Governments. There is not a prerequisite that an individual be a citizen to have their rights protected, though there may be a few more hoops for them to go through to exercise those rights. Yes, there are certain rights that are restricted to citizens, like voting. Part of it is most certainly about pandering to his base. 67% of Republicans believe too little is spent on defense. Though, there is room for universal appeal, where this could be an effort to unify the country, because 41% of individuals surveyed have a great deal of confidence in the military, while an additional 32% have quite a lot. Paul Ryan is on the note that Continuing Resolutions are uniquely bad for the Military. Most of the 'unConstitutional' determinations about Trumps statements are based on an obtuse expansion of his statements beyond what he said. In referencing actions taken by FDR to limit the immigration of Germans, Italians, and Japanese, he opened himself up to a connection to the Japanese internment. Past that, there are current Treaties and other associated agreements between these US and other nations regarding immigration policies. It would take an act of Congress, adjusting legislation, to modify who is allowed into these United States. In the long term, the military could likely stand to do with less money, assuming the operational requirements are firmly defined and curtailed. There is plenty of evidence of wasteful spending. A consist budget through the appropriations process would be preferable, so the military could at least plan on having money. Sustainment contracts are made years in advance, with negotiations for maintenance availabilities starting months prior. Since they military couldn't depend on money being there, they couldn't plan for maintenance. Add in the increased operational tempo, and you have equipment going without maintenance doing more work. Eventually things will break. Trump's statement (and other similar tweets about the NBA) received widespread attention and criticism from many groups. Many players, owners, and teams, even those that hadn't previously taken a position, spoke out in support of their player's rights to express their views. Free speech groups objected to the President appearing to condemn a constitutionally-protected protest. Entire NFL teams knelt or joined arms, or stayed in the locker room during the anthem to signify their disagreement with what the president said. Now he's certainly not the first to express this kind of opinion, but it is a little different coming from the "bully pulpit" of the President of the United States. As you can imagine, his actions and his statement garnered a lot of controversy, and in the intervening year other players (and even athletes in other sports) have joined in, sitting or kneeling during the anthem. Personally, I agree with you, that even the information that has been admitted by members of the Trump campaign (Trump Jr's emails, Papadopoulos' signed confession, etc.) clearly indicate we are somewhere among the bullets above. How exactly this all shakes out is still unclear. Of course, Trump has no ability to tell any other country what to do. So every other country is welcome to continue following it even if the US does not. Whether or not they count any additional criteria as being met would also be up to interpretations outside the US. It's easy to find incidences of "right" wing violence in the left wing media. If you want to find left wing violence, you have to look in the right wing media. E.g. Breitbart reports that a female reporter for The Hill was punched in the face: They have already stopped taking new applications and renewals. So people who never registered for the program can be deported as of September 6th, 2017. However, as I said earlier, the Trump administration already could (and had) deported people covered by DACA. This just removes that particular appeal as something that the administration could allow. He also said similar things on The O’Reilly Factor, February 12, 2016. It's also worth noting that George W. Bush was only winning about 11% of the black vote in 2004. So Trump's 8% was not nearly as big a drop as it might otherwise be. He actually did better than Mitt Romney in 2012 and John McCain in 2008. — Taylor Lorenz (@TaylorLorenz) August 12, 2017 While rare, Trump's win in the electoral college while failing to win a plurality of the popular vote was not unique. See 2000, 1888, and 1876 for other examples. Grover Cleveland won a plurality of the popular vote three elections in a row without winning a majority once. The protest was about a statue of Robert E. Lee being scheduled for removal. Lee was a Confederate general during the Civil War. He died decades before the Nazis came to be. While remembered as allying with racists during the Civil War, he was not a Nazi. He did not advocate genocide against Jews, blacks, or anyone. Some people who support him now may be Nazis.