This differs from your own example in that in Player B's case, the removal of any single chip will cause the amount to fall below the calling level. Hence, Player B's action should be interpreted as a call. There is no way that you can remove a single chip and have the remainder be sufficient for a call. The difference is that in your case, the $500 chip could be removed and the remainder would still equal the amount required to call, and thus this action should be interpreted as a raise. 

BowlOfRed's answer is the strictly correct way this is done, but I've seen poker rooms where the convention is to give a new chip to any player with remaining odd lower-denomination chips. So, if they were coloring up to eliminate the $100 chips and replacing them with $500 chips, if you had between 1 and 4 odd $100 chips, you'd receive 1 $500 chip to replace them. 

Now this is where my main question begins. The next hand the villain tanks, clock is called immediately again, but by a different player. The entire table begins to take turns on calling clock for every action the villain makes. I have never seen a situation like this ever before where 8 out of the 10 players at a table proceeded to target a single player. So my question for any TDs/Floorstaff or perhaps a player who has seen this happen before, is how do you as a TD deal with this situation? Can you give penalties for the entire table and allow the table to continue with only 2 players? I understand this is a very niche situation but I am really not sure how to effectively deal with this situation, and thought it was an interesting situation. 

Hero opens on the cutoff, villain is on the button. Hero does a standard open, nothing exciting, villain tank calls. We go to the flop, now this is where the situation begins before the flop is dealt, a player not in the hand mutters "He's been tanking all day, it's getting ridiculous", which is followed by several players agreeing. 

Hero continues about half of pot, villain tanks. After 20 seconds pass table calls clock. Villain uses his entire time and folds. Next hand, villain again tanks preflop, immediately the same player calls clock, again as we reach the floop the same player calls clock again on the villain. After calling clock 3 times in as many streets of action the floor gives a verbal warning to the player who has called clocked 3 times. 

The Traveling Button is one method of dealing with the button or small blind getting up before the next hand. It is occasionally used in cash games. 

When the person that will be the small blind busts out, the button stays where it was, and the 2 people to the button's left each pay big blinds. On the next hand, those 2 players each pay a small blind, and the person to their left pays a big blind. This results in a standard small and big blind, plus the button paying a small blind. On the next hand, normal blinds resume. 

The linear method is terrible - starting around 5/10 blinds, the structure would end up looking something like: 

When the person who would become the button busts out, the button skips them to the person who was the big blind the last hand. That person becomes last to act for the hand, but posts a small blind anyways. The person to their left posts a big blind, as does the person to that person's left. So you have the big blind position paying a big blind, the small blind position paying a big blind, and the button position paying a small blind. The following hand, the button moves as usual. The new button position pays a small blind, the person to their left pays a small blind, and the person to that person's left pays a big blind. After that, normal blinds resume.