Oh! Just remembered the Five S's! We used these to great effect with both ours (swaddle, swing, side (not while sleeping!), shush, suckle). Heck, my older child is nearly 7 and when she's had a really bad day, I still use some of those to help her calm down. My son (2.5) sleeps with approximately 12 trucks, four bears, a caterpillar, three pillows and Iron Man. (I sometimes wonder how on earth he can fit in there with all those toys.) He will get quite upset if he wakes up and a toy isn't there and should be. It's not for protection, or fear; he does it because these toys are his lovies. My daughter, 5.5, does the same thing (except for the quantity). We always verify that each one is there at bedtime for her peace of mind. For sleeping in his crib, that's going to take time and patience. The swaddling might help, and having a routine will DEFINITELY help (turn on the white noise, rock and feed, place him on his back and gently rub his chest for a few minutes, things like that; do these things every single time you put him down, so that he knows what to expect and will be less anxious trying to anticipate what will happen next). Research indicates that lovies are there to help kids transition from the parent to the rest of the world. @Stephie nailed it, but I'll add a couple more suggestions. If you don't currently swaddle your son, try it. In the last trimester, babies are crammed quite tightly in the uterus, and tend to find being swaddled snugly to be comforting. We swaddled both of ours as long as we could do so safely. Start putting the child to sleep by rocking on a chair or walking around with him. DO NOT put him to sleep in your bed. He might try to break free from your hold as he is crying - do not let go. Hold him tightly, and let him know that you love him and that he must sleep. Our daughter used to crib, call for the other parent, but be patient - sing songs - and believe that the suffering won't last long :) It's actually quite common for foods that a breastfeeding mother is eating to cause gas or colicy behavior in a child. A friend had to avoid eating chocolate because her child would cry on hours and hours after she'd eat a chocolate. Lo behold, that child still doesn't like chocolate - not allergic to it - but it just doesn't sit well. I've known people whose infants have had issues with the mother eating orange juice as well. The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. Bedtime routine was in the big bed. Reading, cuddling, etc. then time to move to their beds. No muss, no fuss, no cajoling, no asking for water, etc, For now, let him get comfort where he can find it without judgement (it sounds like you're doing this anyway). An extra bed in his brother's room where he could slip in without waking anyone up is fine. Sex? There were other empty bedrooms; never in front of the kids. But cuddling and talking in a low voice- or even reading, for that matter - was not a problem. * People presenting with panic attacks often are reluctant to divulge the nature of their obtrusive thoughts for fear of appearing ridiculous, or worse, criminal. One patient had an intrusive thought that she would intentionally harm her baby by putting them in the clothes dryer. She was afraid if anyone knew this, her baby would be taken away from her. She simply didn't know that this kind of intrusive thought is common, and it didn't mean she wasn't a wonderful mother. Imagine holding something like that in for a couple of years, and you get an idea of how unwelcome intrusive thoughts are. Comorbidity of Psychiatric Disorders and Parental Psychiatric Disorder of ADHD Children Does ADHD moderate the manifestation of anxiety disorders in children? Lifetime Prevalence and Age-of-Onset Distributions of DSM-IV Disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication Clinical obsessions in obsessive–compulsive patients and obsession-relevant intrusive thoughts in non-clinical, depressed and anxious subjects: Where are the differences? Meta-analysis of randomized, controlled treatment trials for pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder Canine-Assisted Therapy for Children With ADHD