QM is already 'undecidable'; the measurement of state collapses it into an eigenstate; this collapse is usually described as indeterministic, that is one can't determine or decide what the eigenstate will be given knowledge of the state and the measurement to be made. Classically, since Newton, physicists have expected that the universe to be deterministic and real and this held upto the discovery of General Relativity by Einstein. Quantum Mechanic broke this paradigm it seemed irretrievably and the locus of the problem seemed to be the non-deterministic (ie random) evolution of the wave function collapse and also the interpretation of the wave function as possibitities. What are the standard conceptual schemes that show that they are in fact deeply subtle? Presumably Humes critique of causality and Kants riposte by centering it in consciousness. Similarly with the more well-known story for Euclidean geometry. The fabric of space-time is much better modelled by Lorentzian geometry. Lets take the counter-proposal - the world does not act in accordance with any laws. What does this mean? It would mean that there are no observable regularities ever. If neither then could it be politics - creating harmony amongst bickering wilful abstract entities intent on having it their way? Number theory being a nation of number systems. Given the anti-intuitive results of Quantum Mechanics, it is not surprising that Physicists would look for a deeper reason in the structure of the theory to explain what was then (and still is) startling phenomena. This tradition should be distinguished from that of Lucretious, which itself derives from Epicurus; and its this tradition that sets its metaphysical face against that of Aristotles. The BHK semantics, first put forward by Brouwer, is to assign truth the semantics of proof. It turns out then that the most natural logic is intuitionistic where the excluded middle is denied, and it is a multi-valued logic. This is not a logic that allows contradictions, but its dual does. It's also probably worth recalling that metaphysics has several senses; and in the sense it might be used in ST, it's more akin Descartes notion of First Philosophy, taken by him, as tribute, from Aristotle - where it's understood one is looking at the basic (for him - first) principles of nature. Now, given the tremendous success of the atomic hypothesis in modern physics, and this covers not just the idea of the classical atom, but also quanta (for are they not discrete?) it seemed only natural to think that perhaps even the very structure of space & time is atomic (there are various research programmes that look at this - spin foam and causal nets), and one expects this structure to appear at the Planck scale. Through this rather brief historical exegesis - one notes that the idea of coordinates is not simple, although when one looks at a map it certainly appears as though it is. After the oral presentation by Derrida of his paper, Hyppolite, a French philosopher, and translator of Hegel, in an attempt to understand Derridas 'centre for a structure' asked the following question: Its worth pointing out, given the eye-catching, media and science-fiction friendly parallel world vista of Everetts that a different and much less well known intepretation, Bohmian Mechanics also retrieves realism and determinism by allowing non-locality - that is faster-than-light signalling. Kronecker converted from Jewish faith to Christianity. He was opposed to non-constructive proofs, he demanded a construction of the actual object. He was in fact against the unrestricted use of the infinite in arguments & that of the use of the excluded middle. In fact one could say he initiated a new school of mathematics - intuitionism. 'Quite often you may hear non-mathematicians, especially philosophers, say that mathematics need only draw conclusions from clearly given premisses and that it is irrelevant whether those premisses are true or false – provided they don’t contradict themselves. Anybody who works productively in mathematics, however, will talk in a completely different manner, In fact, those people base their judgements on the crystallized form in which mathematical theories are presented once they’ve been worked out. The research scientist, like any other scientist, does not work in a strictly deductive way but essentially makes use of his imagination and moves forward inductively with the help of heuristic aids.' The point of my argument is to demonstrate even accepting that there is will lead to contradictions. But one also should consider that a rule-of-thumb operates in Physics, which is that infinities are to be avoided: one does not have infinite energies, nor an infinite past, and nor an infinite amount of matter, and nor even an infinite expanse of space. On that basis one might want to rule out an infinite number (of whatever cardinality) of worlds. Assuming that Hawking is simply referring to the physical universe - what would be a good example to show Hawking & Hawking-wannabees that philosophy is still useful in the pursuit of our understanding of the physical world? Certainly, I feel the first paragraph is correct. I'm unsure of the second. It seems very likely that this must be true. But I've never seen this argument made before. Has this indeed been done (or disputed) by someone? In my understanding, substance is that which is self-subsistent (it requires no cause beyond its own self). Physicalists are starting from the assumption that the universe is a substance when looked at the right way (though they may not use this language). Whereas non-Physicalists do not regard the universe as a substance, and identify it with Brahman, God or Allah (which I note simply means the-One). In Christian philosophy, say for example as elucidated in Leibnizs Monadology, the infinite substance he identifies as God. It is uncreated & eternal. To prove this is entirely beside the point, which Kant points out. It's a position taken up, in the same way one may say there is a void set. The reasoning here is axiomatic. To then ask - well what created that substance - contradicts that first assertion. It's a stepping outside of that framework. This is rather like reasoning with Set Theory but then deciding to change the meaning of the membership relationship.