Both spouses married late in Europe during the Early Middle Ages. Citing Carolingian survey data, the late David Herlihy argues[1] that prior to 1000 or so, barbarian marriage customs - marrying in late twenties to similarly aged spouse - predominated in Western Europe. From about A.D. 1,000, however, the value of women appears to have declined. Rather than receiving a bridal price from the husband, families now paid dowries to unload daughters much earlier. The age of first marriage for women thus plummeted to their late teens, but largely left that of men unaffected. 

Given above, therefore, most of Europe were already governed by monarchies even before Rome fell. In fact, the establishment of the Roman Empire converted large swathes of Southern and Western Europe into monarchical rule. 

The answer is that it wasn't that expensive. A pound of spices might cost several days' worth of wages for an average craftsman, but a pound of pepper is a lot of pepper. It was a luxury item, to be sure, but it wasn't completely out of reach for the average middle class professional. Furthermore, that is not at all a prohibitive sum for the wealthy, which includes the ranks of not only the aristocracy, but also the growing class of merchants and higher level professionals and other large land owners. 

[13] Demos, John. "Notes on life in Plymouth Colony." The William and Mary Quarterly: A Magazine of Early American History (1965): 264-286. 

152 American soldiers had been tried for rape; of these 139 were "colored." 

Japanese cuisine and culture are very much focused on rice - I don't think you can really call anything else a staple food. However, there are a number of foodstuff that had been introduced into Japan by Europeans, and achieved varying levels of popularity. 

[3] Rossiaud, Jacques. "Prostitution, jeunesse et société dans les villes du Sud-Est au XVe siècle." Annales (1976): 289-325. 

At 3-4 metres long it was too clumsy to handle in close engagements, ineffective against the longer massed infantry pike, and quite useless in sieges and against a musket at any distance. It was expensive and broke easily. It required long training and discipline, "a weapon of much trouble and charge (weight)", says a Spanish authority in 1597. 

[14] Wells, Robert V. "The population of England's colonies in America: Old English or new Americans?." Population Studies 46.1 (1992): 85-102. 

I do not believe mere duchies, in general, gave their heirs special titles. 

Generally speaking, Pytheas of Massalia had an apparently undeserved reputation as a "liar of the first magnitude" during antiquity. Much of what we know of this comes from Strabo, who is incidentally Pytheas' most vocal critic. Strabo argues against the authenticity of the Massilian's reports primarily based on the dimensions of Great Britain and the (non)existence of Thule. 

To start with, the power to elect Roman Emperors was vaguely understood to be vested in the Senate. When the Western Empire finally fell, the Roman Senate sent an emissary to Constantinople to "basely renounce the right of choosing their own master, the only vestige which yet remained of the authority that had given laws to the world". Nonetheless, hereditary succession was never truly enshrined in the Byzantine Empire either. 

In addition, some shoes were made with wooden soles, which allowed for footwear with hard soles (turnshoes could only be made with soft ones). This mainly took the form of pattens, and were effectively wooden slippers. 

The quarantine's effectiveness was further enhanced by Poland's relative isolation. While heavily hit regions such as the Mediterranean coast were densely interlinked with trade, the same was generally not true of Poland. When the Black Death arrived, this isolation helped insulate the Poles from the plague. 

Likewise, Medieval English couples are thought to have married during their their early to mid twenties[6]. By the Early Modern period, the average 17th century English women were marrying when 25.6-26.2 to men 28.1 years of age, although it declined slightly subsequently. 

Ultimately, disbelief in Pytheas' observations stemmed partially from ignorance and narrowmindedness, somewhat unreasonably aggravated by factual inaccuracies. 

Strictly speaking, the Proto-Indo=Europeans probably were (at least some of the) ancestors of the modern Ukrainian people. And it is true that the Proto-Indo-Europeans occupied most of Europe and large parts of Iran and India. But they are not really "Proto-Ukrainians" in any meaningful sense. Modern Ukrainians, or even Slavs in general, are but one of the many descendants of Proto-Indo-Europeans.