Mead views every US foreign policy decision as a struggle for some kind of consensus between these four communities. As I said, Reagan was a supporter and admirer of Goldwater, and ran in 1976 and 1980 as the standard-bearer for the "Goldwater" faction of the party. Being from California he didn't have a huge track record on the racial issue though. So he made sure to shore up his cred in that area by actually opening his campaign by going all the way to Philidelphia, Mississippi, the site of the Mississippi Burning murders, and delivering a speech on "State's Rights". Canada and the USA, on the other hand, were the sites of entire communities of Europeans transplanted across the ocean wholesale. These citizens demanded the rights and privileges they would have enjoyed back home, as much as was practical. Which side a person believes to me seems to have far more to do with what country that person hails from and/or how that person feels about Atomic Weaponry in general, than anything else. So the hope of there being a single impartial number that isn't somehow tainted by politics is remote in the extreme. This is a matter of very hot debate. It depends on what assumptions you make about what would have happened in the future. But there are two basic scenarios: Felix Frankfuter, before his SCOTUS appointment, was the founder of the ACLU, and an avid New Dealer. As such, the quote doesn't sound at all like him, or at least not the way its being used. He was just not a guy who thought about government in that way. There was however one interesting incident of mass-faithlessness. In the 1872 election one of the major-party POTUS candidates, (apparently as a gift to us US history nuts) died after electors were chosen but before they could cast their votes. He'd only gotten 66 electors (nowhere enough to challenge U.S. Grant), but all but three ended up voting for other people. Under the circumstances, rather than tar those electors as "faithless", it may be right to look further askance at the 3 who remained faithful and voted for the dead guy. These bills eventually passed, of course, but the Southern conservative Democrats did not forget, and largely started to abandon the Democratic party in national elections. At first this took the form of third parties, exemplified by the States' Rights Democratic Party, which won 4 southern states in 1948. The causus belli of the First Gulf War was the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. President George (HW) Bush managed to get a series of UN declarations calling for the Iraqi troops to leave, and authorizing succesively more drastic actions to achieve this, culminating in 678, which authorized "all nessecary means". This provided a certian amount of international cover for military action, but only towards restoring Kuwait, not toppling Iraq itself. * - It is simply not possible for me to recommend this book highly enough. Its not quite that simple. Since the process typically relies on evaporating out water from pools, it turns out you either need a somewhat reliably sunny climate to do this, or you have to set up a lot of extra large boilers. So some places are much better than others to set up shop. The bombings saved somewhere in the neighborhood of 250 - 500 thousand US lives, and Japanese lives in the millions. The bombings saved US lives numbered only in the thousands, and actually cost the Japanese up to a quarter of a million lives. To my mind nobody is in a better position to make estimates of what a full-blown invasion would cost in lives than the people who were in charge of the armed forces at the time. Lukily for us, the US armed services did estimates for their own purposes before the A-bombs were dropped. This is probably a very debatable question, but I think I can make the argument, with good historical backing, that it was the non-violent protests that were most effective in what progress was made in the Civil Rights movement. I don't believe the answer to this is known objectively. However, it may be worth looking at the different settlement histories of the two areas you are comparing. The Army estimated they would suffer 7.45 casualties/1,000 man-days and 1.78 fatalities/1,000 man-days in an invasion. So assuming the invasion of Kyūshū took 90 days, that works out to about half a million US Army wounded, and over 100,000 dead. If they then needed to invade Honshū and take the Capitol in another 90 day campaign, that would more than double the toll to about 1.2 million wounded, and over a quarter of a million US Army dead. This is about the lowest estimate you will find from Army sources, but being the most detailed I give it the most credence. But you should be aware there were numbers much higher floating around that decision-makers in the USA would have been hearing. In other words, it appears to have been a far more popular word in the early to mid 20th century (precisely when Adlai Stevenson was active) than in the mid to late 18th (when Jefferson was active).