The phenomenon itself has been known for a long time in Europe; for example, the ancient Greeks called it "blazing skies" or "flaming sky dragons" (Hesiod, Theogony). It seems no one is willing to abandon the ban on the Anlaut position though. Reject PIE*kom > PGm *ga. However, as far as I can see, communis opinio is the opposite (e.g. Lehmann 1986), cf. the following suggested cognates: Proto-Italic *kom (e.g. Latin perfectivizing co- and preposition cum), Proto-Celtic *kom, Slavic ** sъ-, and Hittite =kkan (encl. locatival sentence particle) ‘?’ Kloekhorst 2007 writes it was Sturtevant 1927 who first suggested this etymology. The reconstructed PIE form is * ḱom. If you subscribe to accent and ablaut paradigms, this particular noun is proterokinetic (or proterodynamic), which means that in strong cases the accent was on the full-grade root (the e-grade), whereas in weak cases both the accent and full grade shifted onto the suffix, so the u-suffix becomes –eu- (or –ou-, the o-grade) in weak cases. So, at this stage, we reconstruct NOM.SG. as *seunus - the standard citation form is the e-grade. The two Hebrew words, on the other hand, probably are related. The root כבש k-b-š has, in addition to the "conquer" meaning, also a meaning "tread down, press, apply pressure"; this gives "road", since a road is something paved. The two senses look like they could very plausibly be related, namely the "conquer" sense arising from the "tread down" sense -- cf. English "oppress" and metaphors like "downtrodden". Of course, your question can be taken a step further back -- where did Proto-Indo-European come from? The answer to that is that, although many people have speculated, no one really knows, because there isn't enough evidence to work with. (Btw, many or most common English words do not come from Latin and Greek, but directly from Proto-Indo-European.) As Colin Fine says, the words are somewhat similar in Proto-Indo-European: 'nine' is PIE *h1neun, 'new' is PIE *neuo-. The latter word seems clearly derived from *nu 'now': 'new' is 'that of now'. Phonologically it seems difficult to relate *h1neun to *nu/*neuo-, both because of the initial laryngeal and the final n, neither of which could be added by any regular derivational process; and semantically there's no obvious relationship between 'nine' and 'new'. So they're most likely unrelated - although see fdb's answer for some reasonable arguments to the contrary. Being a native speaker of Ukrainian which is very close to Slovak, and taking into account that the surnames like that (Баб'як [bab'jak], Бабяк [ba'bʲak]) are common in Ukraine too, I can explain the meaning of it. "Баба" means "woman", "бабка" means "dragonfly", so the surname is derived from one of those. In the monumental Old Turkic Dictionary ("Древнетюркский словарь", Наука, Л., 1969) it is written that Kent/Kənd is really of the Sogdian origin. The dictionary reflects the words found in the Turkic written records of the 7th - 13th centuries. http://www.analizfamilii.ru/Babyak/proishozhdenie.html The Slavic k cannot correspond to the Germanic k due to the Grimm's law, Slavic kr corresponds to the Germanic hr, e. g.: All the attempts to explain that word by Celtic influence break against the laws of phonetics. Both nouns and adjectives are called 'nominal parts of speech', from Latin nomen 'noun', the Latin for 'adjective' being 'nomen adiectivum'. I guess that can be the source of the Etymonline confusion. Actually, participles partake of verbs and adjectives, while infinitives and gerunds partake of verbs and nouns.