Here is a quote from a fatwa by dar-alifta.org: "Can I travel alone with no mahram?": 

I will try to provide the sunni view that a woman is allowed to travel alone. (Of course there is a sunni view that it isn't allowed, but here i will focus on that it is allowed.) 

In the tafsirs, its mentioned that the words an yo'rafna means: That they would be known to be free women, and not slave women. 

This hadith or this understanding is for instance prohibiting smoking and other things that may or do cause harm. If the case is that everything that do cause harm is prohibited, and this hadith about cow meat causing sickness, wouldn't the same conclusion be drawn, that eating cow meat is prohibited? 

A similar hadith exists in the same chapter with the wording "bath" instead of ablution. In the book they use this hadith as evidence: 

P.S: I've read Bin Baz (salafi scholar) answer about this, but I'd rather want to hear other opinions too, because his description wasn't very convincing... But if you use some of his arguments, then explaining them more, that is okay for me, but adding more scholarly opinions is preferable. 

It is mentioned that doing ghusl is sunnah mo'akada, but not obligatory. So I basically wonder what wajib means in the hadith if it really isn't "wajib" as in our terminology. (i.e it is called sunnah mo'akada then it can't be called wajib or obligatory) 

In this hadith Umar responds on a man who didn't do ghusl and indicates that it is obligatory by quoting the Prophet. 

Then the verse 24:33 was reveled: 

Sahih al-Bukhari - Friday Prayer 

And the hypocrites maybe used to go beyond teasing the free women, and when they were criticized about their behavior towards the women, they would say: "we thought they were slaves". 

Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) (p.b.u.h) said, "The taking of a bath on Friday is compulsory (wajib) for every male (Muslim) who has attained the age of puberty." 

When they saw a woman which wasn't wearing jilbab (hijab/niqab), they said; "this is a slave", then they jumped on her. (only translated the bold sentence) 

The majority of scholars have permitted a woman to travel for obligatory hajj without a mahram if accompanied by trustworthy females or company. They based their opinion on the precedence of the Mothers of Believers (may Allah be pleased with them) who went on hajj after the Prophet's death and during the caliphate of 'Umar (may Allah be pleased with him) accompanied by 'Uthman ibn 'Affan (may Allah be pleased with him) 

A woman is allowed to travel alone A woman is free to travel alone if it generally is expected to be safe. 

He who performed ablution well, then came to Friday prayer, listened (to the sermon), kept silence all (his sins) between that time and the next Friday would be forgiven with three days extra, and he who touched pebbles caused an interruption. 

I've come across to the following hadith: 

This is from the tafsir Ibn Al Kathir: 

So the conclusion of the following verse would be; if its known that they are free women, they should not get abused! ...but if its not known that they are free women, they might get abused by sick people (or hypocrites). This is what makes my question, i.e are the sick/hypocrite then to get away with this.... 

It is disliked almost haram for men to listen to women who sing. Source one:1 

The Prophet said, "The poor person is not the one for whom a date or two or a morsel or two (of food is sufficient but the poor person is he who does not (beg or) ask the people (for something) or show his poverty at all. Recite if you wish, (Allah's Statement): "They do not beg of people at all." (2.273) 

It was narrated from 'Urwah that he narrated from Aishah that Abu Bakr As-Siddiq : 

Sources: Islamic Online University 

If you want you can make the sunnah after the fardh, but that will be missing the point, the Prophet may peace and blessings be upon Him made certain sunnahs at certain times, ether before or after the salaat, so it would be pointless to make a sunnah prayer that was supposed to be at the first of the salaat, you can just make the sunnahs and nafils after the salaat and maybe add on to that (meaning to add extra salat to that, Tatawu' prayer which is the same as nafil prayers, so just make extra nafil prayer if you want.) 

It is not good to beg but if needed beg from people who are good. 

The Prophet said that the poor person is not the one who asks or begs, but the poor person is the one who does not ask and show his poverty. 

Songs sung by men or females under puberty, with a hand drum is permissible.