I think the short and simple answer is "No". Seneca in one of his letters recommends treating slaves kindly, as "friends, humble friends but friends" - but says nothing about not having any. Earlier, Cicero was writing to Tiro (I'm fairly certain before the latter's manumission) with great concern for his, Tiro's, health, calls him "best and kindest of men", etc - yet at the same time asks his friend Atticus to send him some library-slaves, as we would ask to borrow a neighbour's lawn mower. 

The Roman adage "Quod servi, quod hostes" - meaning that you had as many enemies as you had slaves, suggests a philosophical acceptance of a fact of life, like traffic accidents. You needed slaves to do the grunt work; they might kill you, but - well, what could you do? A necessary evil, maybe, but not a source of guilt. 

Domine, conversely, appears to have been used between free, equal men, by children to the head of the household, and Dickey quotes Seneca - "when we run into people whose names we don't remember, we address them as 'master'" (Ep 3.1 author's translation.) 

(Mart. 5.57* Dickey, p77 author's translation.) 

Dickey makes the point throughout that convention changed over the centuries between Republic (more egalitarian?) and Empire (more deferential?), and the differences between male and female address forms - and I had no idea what a complex and fascinating subject I had embarked on! 

On my main question - how would a slave address a superior not his master, Dickey is clear - 

So - did the Romans have desks/writing tables? They were a practical people, they must have solved the problem somehow! 

As far as I can see, quaestors were more senior civil servants that magistrates; they did not possess imperium, so why would they have the lictors/fasces? 

I am just rekindling my interest in Ancient Rome, and reading Rome:Its people, life and customs by Ugo Enrico Paoli. He goes into considerable detail about tables, but only dining tables. There is a whole chapter on writing implements, tablets, parchment, papyrus, stylii, pens,ink etc, but nothing about writing tables or desks. 

On the matter of "patricide" and the punishment for it called Poena cullei, it's better to read the corresponding article in Wiki, which is quite comprehensive: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poena_cullei 

Talking specifically about Syria after Crassus death, Cassius had to take care of the province for about next two years. The new proconsul - well-known Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus who was consul in 59 B.C. together with Ceasar - was sent only in 51 B.C. But this should be considered as an absolutely critical situation (e.g. in 52 B.C. Pompeus Magnus was consul sine collega). Under normal circumstances the senate would find the new candidate much earlier. 

Not really. The point is that Romans belived that public execution is also a too deep shame for any citizen. That means that they practised: 

Here Livius says about early Republic hero Publius Horatius who killed his sister. As she was a free citizen, then public murdering without a lawful reason was considered as a crime against the Roman state itself! 

Let me wikipedia that for you. There are some reference at the end of the article that I would check instead of relying on wikipedia. The Battle of Gaugamela maybe a better reference with lots of references given. 

Xenophon, in Cyropaedia (VI.2.17) states "[...] that scythes of steel have been fitted to the axles, and that it is the intention to drive these into the ranks of the enemy?" -- emphasis mine and source here with more details and other sources. 

In a similar way, you could say that the 4th of 5th French Republics are the "same": president, prime ministers, ministers, parliament, elections, yadda. Or that the French and English prime minister have the same function. Overall, you would not be too wrong but the devil is in the details. Thus why we refer to the Roman Empire, the Holy Roman Empire and the Byzantium Empire as different beasts even though they are all called "empires" and come from the same root. 

PS: I could not find any images of primary sources of scythe chariots. Those might well exists, I just have not found any. 

Here Livius says about early Republic hero Publius Horatius who killed his sister. As she was a free citizen, then public murdering without a lawful reason was considered as a crime against the Roman state itself! 

As the reasons of the latter they usually say of treason, incest and patricide. Yet note that the term "treason" (or, to say it right, "perduellio") was quite a special thing - it was a crime against the state and the order, not just "a treachery" in a modern sense. 

On the matter of "patricide" and the punishment for it called Poena cullei, it's better to read the corresponding article in Wiki, which is quite comprehensive: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poena_cullei 

Not really. The point is that Romans belived that public execution is also a too deep shame for any citizen. That means that they practised: 

Talking specifically about Syria after Crassus death, Cassius had to take care of the province for about next two years. The new proconsul - well-known Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus who was consul in 59 B.C. together with Ceasar - was sent only in 51 B.C. But this should be considered as an absolutely critical situation (e.g. in 52 B.C. Pompeus Magnus was consul sine collega). Under normal circumstances the senate would find the new candidate much earlier.