Basically a fireworks of impressions without any chance to influence what is happening. A child in front of TV will absorb a flood of pictures, sounds etc. in a quick succession. Yes, there is a story and yes, often something to learn, but there is no break, no time to reflect and no chance to influence the speed of the presentation or ask questions. My children own three types of clothing: 

Your parenting style: Are you more of a "helicopter parent" or a "hands-off parent"? I've met parents who brought their 16 yo the forgotten lunch parcel to school - although we had a perfectly fine cafeteria. Incidentally, this is the same mother who now "helps" said daughter (38, stay at home mom) to raise her child and run the household. My own approach was always to let the child try for himself first, only interfere when said child asks for help or to prevent serious accidents. So ask youself, where you will draw the line. 

After TV time, the brain will be exhausted (and somewhat "neurally scrambeled" due to the amount of impressions that couldn't be "stored" or absorbed properly) but still in "rapid input mode", while the body will likely be craving exercise. And in my experience that's a recipe for disaster. The pent-up energy has to go somewhere while mental control mechanisms are down due to tiredness. And this combined equals a child in "overdrive" with a really bad mood - or bickering, grumpy brats. (The last category basically fills itself automatically in my experience...) My approach in a similar situation: There is an appropriate "costume" or dresscode for every occasion, not only for formal events. Shoveling snow? Business meeting? Scuba diving? Your wedding? None of them exactly a jeans-and-t-shirt day, right? Your tolerance for failure and the real risks involved: With our son, we've come to expect a certain "loss rate" and we plan and budget accordingly. And if he forgets his snack or his homework, he has to deal with the consequences. Honestly, what will happen? He won't starve until lunchtime and yes, he might have to do some extra homework - neither will kill him. As far as the coat in question: Will your child experience discomfort (cool day) or lasting effects (frosty day)? Then decide. Now, this does not mean that you have to spend a lot of money. Especially in the first two categories there is some overlap: A good pair of pants can be dressed up with a dress shirt or dressed down with a t-shirt. A school jeans worn with a shirt and tie is good enough for all but the most formal occasions. A basic turtelneck is really versatile. Work with what you have. Accesoires help a lot to set the tone of an outfit and are quite cheap. 

--- Disclaimer: Some might feel this answer to be hard to digest. --- 

Conclusion: Consider where you and your child are in this spectrum, then decide. You know your child better than we do. Have you ever thought about what is happening in your kid's brains while they are watching TV? I mean, from a neuroscientistic perspective? 

So make clear that every member of the family dresses appropriately for the day, depending on what's scheduled. Don't fuss, this is just matter of fact. If you praise clothing, compliment on everyday occasions as well: "That shirt looks good on you! That colour goes well with your eyes / hair / some accessoire!" You might think your children are "zoning out" or "relaxing" in front of TV, but actually they are not. Watching TV is hard work for a child's brain. Of course they will love watching TV, exactly because of the amount of inpressions - a brain loves input. Unfortunately, the filter mechanisms most of us adults have are not developed yet, especially in younger children. Is your child able to get up and walk away while the show is running? Excellent. Most aren't. While the TV is on, they will remain "hypnotized" in front of this box. Hey, I know adults who can't ignore a TV - and the fact that our brain is wired to focus on movement doesn't help, either.