Once Hitler was made dictator of Germany, there was no realistic option to democratically oust the Nazis from power. Technically, the Enabling Act had a built in expiry date (1937), but this was a fantasy because the Nazis could (and did) ban all opposition parties. Thus when the time came the fully Nazi Reichstag simply rubberstamped a renewal. Similarly, Hitler's violation of the Enabling Act's already generous terms could technically be challenged in court, but in reality there's no prospect of success when the Nazis controlled law enforcement. 

1. Shoguns were appointed officers of the state 

- Niles' Register, March 13 1824 

For the first six elections, from 1890 to 1898, single member districts were used and candidates were elected by majority vote. Strictly speaking each district actually had two members, but only one faced re-election each time. There were frequent elections for this reason during the 1890s. This setup briefly returned for the 14th and 15th elections, in 1920 and 1924, respectively. 

There was a mechanism called voting against Hitler. Unfortunately, Hitler's opponents failed to set aside their differences and unite against him. 

Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any particularly good map to illustrate this. The best I've found is this map of the extent of Nationalist government influence before the Japanese invasion. The Nationalists controlled regions are in green [2-7] plus Kweichou [9]. Note that that central government did not have control over Kwangsi (Guangxi) [8]. 

@lins314159 is correct: the Eastern Zhou's fall began with the demise of the Western Zhou. Unlike its predecessor, the Eastern Zhou was never able to control its vassals. The precipitous drop in royal authority was caused by the collapse of the king's moral authority, his ineptitude, and the internal bickering of the court. This doomed the Eastern Zhou by creating a power vacuum for ambitious vassals to expand their own territories at the expense of royal power, kickstarting a vicious cycle of decline. 

So my question is, did native religions come up at all when the United States was adopting religious freedom into its fundamental laws? Did America's Founding Fathers or their contemporaries consider Native Americans and their beliefs? 

Lastly, if you look closely at the border, there is nothing straight about the Canadian-US border east of the Lake of the Woods. 

As touched upon earlier, the office of Shogun did not confer power, but rather legitimised it. Thus, the real source of power was the hereditary feudal holdings of the samurai clans. The reason they became rulers of Japan was due to the political weakness and nonexistent military strength of the Imperial Court. If the Court remained weak, there was no conceivable way for it to maintain control over the Shogun's holdings. Thus, some other de facto governor must be appointed. He might not be called the Shogun, but there would have been no practical difference. 

The earliest example is a law promulgated in April 1445 that mandated beheading. 

From about 810, the Fujiwara clan gained ascendancy by leveraging their marriage ties. In 866, Fujiwara no Yoshifusa was appointed to the office of regent, the first non-royal to hold that powerful post. He consolidated Fujiwara rule by abusing his position excluding rival clans, which heretofore had acted as counterweights, from the court. The Fujiwara thus established what is known as sekkan rule, characterised by a monopoly on the offices of Sessho (regent) and Kampauku (chancellor), as well being the in-laws of the emperor. 

Note that while much Italy and Greece had previously been oligarchies or democracies, most if not all originally had kings, such as the Roman Kingdom or Athenian Kingdom. Some even retained their monarchies until the Roman conquest, for instance Macedonia or Syracuse. 

Overall, it is true that the title of Tennō was occupied by a single dynasty, in the same sense that only one dynasty sat on the French throne between Hugh Capet and Louis XVI. However, actual control of Japan was held by several different dynasties.