As for jungling, junglers tend to get less farm and experience than other lanes, and Tryndamere does poorly without farm. His ganks are decent because he has a gap closer and CC that works naturally well in ganks, but he simply doesn't perform better than other junglers in any way. Compare Tryndamere against Lee Sin who: If they pick their top first there is almost always a ranged AD carry that counters their pick. If you have to pick first, you can bait your opponents into countering the wrong lane. To elaborate on the second bullet: because of the meta, you picking an AD carry first will lead your opponent to counter your AD carry for the bottom lane. If they then pick their top, your team has a chance to counter their counter-pick with your actual bottom lane AD carry, which will give your team an advantage in the bottom lane. Assuming you can hold top with your pick, your team starts the game with a two-lane advantage. Of course there are ways for your opponents to keep this from happening, but you can imagine situations where it will work and it won't. Point is it has a high probability of working until people catch on. Ranged carries I recommend: Vayne, Jayce. Others you will have to figure out for yourself. 

In general I don't approve of Warmog's Armor. It has its time and place, but ADCs rarely benefit from the life regen and you should have good lifesteal to keep you topped up. The HP is great for surviving burst but I think Frozen Mallet ends up providing many more stats for the investment, so I would prefer Frozen Mallet is most cases. 

TL;DR: There is nothing that Tryndamere does better than any other solo in teamfights. His solo ability is also less than stellar because he can be countered by a large portion of common solo picks. He is also outperformed in every aspect by junglers like Lee Sin, so there's really no benefit to picking Tryndamere. Again, same as above. Plenty of ways for you to get out. Irelia has Blade Surge, unfortunately meaning she can get in your face easily. Unless you have superhuman Condemn reactions, she will also likely stun you with Equilibrium Strike immediately after jumping on you. So, although you can get away, Irelia will trade damage with you. Winning from here on is pretty situational, and you will have to get ahead to guarantee any sort of laning presence top lane against Irelia. Finally, there's the situation where you have a champion who can leave their lane unguarded. This is usually because they can either push the lane toward the opponent's turret, and thus have some time to roam, or because the opponent isn't capable of pushing very hard (or both). Nunu is fairly effective here because of the speed boost from blood boil: He can make it another lane quickly and has decent CC. However, it's rare that Nunu will spend the inordinate amount of time outside lane to be truly considered "roaming." The downside is that you need to roam with someone who fits the role, which is not a lot of champions. Low-risk roamers are those who don't need a lot of levels or gold (since you won't have much of either) to still be effective. Alistar and Taric are good examples of this, though Alistar is by far more common in the roaming role. High-risk roamers are champions who do need the gold (but not necessarily the experience) and are usually assassin-style character. Twitch is a good example. Talon can also work, but his lane power is so strong I can't recommend doing it. The role of a roamer is to enable the other lanes to get kills either through a combination of CC and the carry's damage, or by having enough burst/surprise damage to effect a kill. The basic idea is that, in combination with the jungler, there are so many ganks going down that the other team is going to fall behind in their lanes. Thanks to the experience advantage, merely damaging a lane or forcing them to blue-pill can generate an advantage. 

Good examples of this kind of roaming can be in seen in the IEM Hannover finals with Moscow 5 running a roaming Alistar against Dignitas: Game 1 with the roaming Alistar and a Lee Sin jungle