(Note that terms can have a very different meaning in other countries. In France for instance, we call "(ultra-)libéraux" (liberals) what they'd call (ultra-)libertarians in the US.) 

The NYT charts and numbers misrepresent the data. Based on my own time spent in America and interacting with US citizens over the years, I find it's tightly related to the level of sophistication: This being based on anecdotal evidence and observations, the above might of course be due to bias and sampling errors. The point, though, is that you can't generalize across the US population. The US, by contrast, never experienced an oppressive secret police - however close the FBI might have come to that description under Hoover. There are some provisions and laws at both the State and Federal levels aimed at guaranteeing privacy, and some legal chatter about it every now and then, but nothing firmly set in stone (except for medical data, and prohibition from spying on US citizens that has been progressively diluted - or indeed, ignored - since 9/11). 

The least sophisticated Americans, like these who aren't able to place North Korea on a map, will ask you "Is that in Africa?" or something to that effect when you tell them you're from an unfamiliar sounding country. And that's cool because, hey... can we really blame them for being misinformed? Several EU states endured surveillance by secret police in the past (for instance in Nazi Germany or Eastern Germany), making privacy a sensitive enough topic that constituents demanded strict protection from future large-scale surveillance attempts. In complying with these requests, law makers also ensured that it wouldn't be possible for a State to work around these rules by resorting to the private sector. It was then a natural step to enshrine privacy protection at the EU level. 

Looking at the numbers on YouGov, Slovenia rates as 2% enemy, 8% not friendly, 40% friendly, 5% ally, and 45% not sure across all respondents. It's doubtful. He might have changed his opinion over time, but if he did it probably wasn't to get back at Trump. 

Zimbabwe for instance sits at 4% enemy, 16% not friendly, 32% friendly, 4% ally, and 40% not sure. That puts it firmly in don't care/don't know territory, with somewhat friendly tendencies, yet the NYT somehow conjures up a stark contrast between how democrats would think it's friendly and how republicans would think it's not. This make it very tempting to file under garbage in, garbage out. 

Less sophisticated Americans tend to conflate EU with US federal government on the other side of the pond. Some understand the latter is not entirely similar but won't really know to what degree. Most will at least they know where Europe and a few of its countries are on a map - more or less. Those that follow the news will also often "know" that the EU is bad - albeit usually without being able to articulate precisely why. To see examples, head over to Business Insider, and dive into the comment sections of Europe-related articles. (Or for that matter, many of the articles themselves.) 

Next, he didn't actually do anything official, whereas both (a) (1) and (a) (2) require some kind of official act. As official as it may seem in this presidency, rambling on Twitter or on TV is not an official act. If it were, the US and Korea would have been at war weeks ago, etc.