Reasons to be confident in opinions you formulate: 1) It is one way to create something from nothing; see this relevant critique of a book by Lawrence M. Krauss by professor of philosophy David Albert. What if a philosopher mounted a reductio ad absurdum on nature? would he be justified if his argument was sound? 3) We do not know the nature of the soul. It seems to me that if nature is absurd, then using reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics or philosophy of mind may be wrong and misleading - but nevertheless, philosophers continue to use it - maybe as someone who is stumbling through the dark and refuses to throw away a flashlight that ran out of batteries. Consider this quote by Feynman from page 10 of QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter: It naturally includes no metaphysics, but it does in my opinion include a lot of philosophy. The other is The Conscious Mind by David Chalmers, who explains forcefully the problem and argues for dualism — though I think he goes wrong in his arguments as he presents his own view, non-reductive functionalism. At one point in the lectures he offers his interpretation that positrons may be electrons that as result of an interaction did not only change direction in space, but also in time — that is, they are electrons travelling back in time. So, back to your sentence "I am here now". When I utter that sentence, context selects a centered world where the privileged individual is me, the privileged location is where I am at the time of utterance, and the privileged time is when I am at the time of utterance (which is just a convoluted way of saying "it's the time of utterance"). When you utter the sentence the same thing happens, mutatis mutandis. The point here turns on whether you take modality as a primitive, or attempt to analyze it. There have been many attempts to analyze modality, but Phil Bricker's "Reducing Possible Worlds to Language" has convinced many (most?) that it is not possible to reduce modality in an actualist-friendly way. The problem is that a language that countenances only what is actual--- and tries to account for the possible in terms of these things ---will find itself unable to distinguish between certain "alien possibilities". These are possibilities containing individuals and/or properties which are merely possible and indistinguishable in actualist terms. We can see that this is an example of the reference of "I" shifting across contexts, where the role context plays is to specify the speaker of the sentence. This is why "I" is an indexical. For the abstractionist, possible worlds don't (necessarily) have the properties they represent certain possibilities as having--- they merely represent. I'll break this into a few different issues concerning. This got very long, so I added a brief TL;DR to the longer sections. Simplicity: usually this is taken to be a matter of the fewest unexplained posits. For instance, a theory that posits only physical entities is simpler than one that posits physical and mental entities. Then some formulation of Ockham's razor would be appealed to in order to favor the simplest theory, all other things being equal. The other is The Conscious Mind by David Chalmers, who explains forcefully the problem and argues for dualism — though I think he goes wrong in his arguments as he presents his own view, non-reductive functionalism. As an analogy, imagine two mathematicians who reject each other's coordinate systems for a sphere on account of including a singularity point, such as a north pole - let's call it the "absurdity" of a coordinate system - and they fail to realize that you cannot "explain" a sphere with a single coordinate system which is not "absurd" - you need at least two: 4) In particular we do not know if the soul can cease to exist. Reasons to be confident in opinions you formulate: It seems to me that if nature is absurd, then using reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics or philosophy of mind may be wrong and misleading - but nevertheless, philosophers continue to use it - maybe as someone who is stumbling through the dark and refuses to throw away a flashlight that ran out of batteries.