That's quite clear to me: If you are thinking day and night about a certain mathematical problem and its components, you become fixed to these mathematical entities. They displace all other objects in your daily life. consider topics with a much deeper scope than the one-layer problems from mathematics An abstraction of an object takes some properties of the object and let's other go. It takes the former properties and creates out of them a new object, a concept or an idea. The idea belongs to quite a different category than the original object. Selecting those properties, which are to be built into the concept, often means generalization, ommitting restrictions. And one generalization in mathematics is to allow the concepts of arbitrary big numbers, not just the numbers one has needed to count real objects. The concept of infinitesimal small and infinitely large numbers has been been formalized by the mathematical domain of non-standard analysis. You are right: After a series of 10, 20, 40, 80 heads the probability for another head is still 1/2. It is not slightly less or slightly bigger, it is constantly 1/2. Tosses have no memory. present arguments which are questioned by their companion philosophers. The general content of any mathematical game is to invent interesting mathematical propositions and to find out proofs for them. Mathematics is one of only two sciences which is able to prove its statements. Mathematicians employ computers a bit differently than physicists or astrophysists do. The latter can use computers to create a virtual reality. The virtual reality may obey different fundamental physical laws than out real world. Hence it is not only simulating our world but also creating different new worlds. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens#/media/File:A_Horseshoe_Einstein_Ring_from_Hubble.JPG As a consequence, Omega_QQ contains the classes of the particular sequences small-omega with elements a_n = 1/n and big-omega with elements b_n = n. small-omega is infinitesimal because it is non-zero and smaller than every fixed positive number. While big_omega is infinite because it is greater than any fixed positive number. A huge numbers of mathematical objects arise from "real" objects in our world like circles, angles, lines, two trees or two persons etc. But also these mathematical objects are not images but abstractions. The mathematical circle is not just an image, i.e. a copy of a real circle. But who wants do read and to check this proof except a student of formal logic? Conversely, mathematics is a game with arbitrary concepts and logical rules. Mathematics gets its power and precision from this simpleness as a free creation of the human mind. A game, which is often played without any physical application in mind. The story went on and Cantor created many different, biger and bigger numbers infinity. That's part of set theory, a fascinating mathematical domain. Euclidean geometry is a mathematical theory, not a scientific theory. In any case, according to Plato we do not grasp numbers by our eyes but by our mind. Hence mathematical Platonism is not necessarily geometric. By examples like these the beginner learns the differences between and the subtleness of mathematical statements. One possible, but a bit speculative explanation would be that our world is a mathematical simulation. This possibility has been brought up in the last time. But it has been criticized, because a digital simulation would imply that we observe anomalies due to the rounding errors of the digital computers used in simulation. For the whole issue see Chap. 10. Universes, Computers, and Mathematical Reality in Greene, Brian: The Hidden Reality. Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos(2011). This question has never been answered in a satisfactory manner. Wigner was the first pointing out that here is a deep question. It depends on what you mean by "mental construction": strive to answer fundamental real-world questions, often those where science cannot offer any answer In general, the experts agree whether a proof is correct or not. 2) mental construction: Mathematicians from the school of intuitionism reject the existence of mathematical objects like the set of all natural numbers. They accept "potential" infinity like constructing one number after the other - without an end. But they reject "actual" infinity, which equals the cardinalty of the set of natural numbers taken as a whole. Instead, they request that any object must be constructible. Therefore they do not accept the method of indirect proof. It builds on the law of the excluded middle. Prompted by the question whether the parallel postulate can be deduced from the other axioms, mathematicians in the 19th century (Gauss, Bolyai, Lobachevski) detected non-Euclidean geometries. This shows that the parallel postulate is independent from the other axioms. Hence the contribution of such exceptional series to the limit on all series of equal length is exceptionally small. Summing up and to put it bluntly: Mathematical objects live in a different domain than real objects, they live in the virtual realm of a game. The mathematical game has only one rule: No contradictions!