Firearms: If you apply to purchase a firearm, you must complete federal Form 4473, which asks about unlawful marijuana use. Since marijuana is still illegal federally, marijuana users may be rejected from purchasing a firearm. Lying on this form is a federal felony with a maximum prison sentence of five years. Has an individual, a grower, or a distributer been shut down by the Federal Government? No. Is that because the Federal government during the previous administration chose to not enforce the laws as written? Yes. Does the current administration have the authority to discard that policy? Most Certainly. That is why you're seeing fearful actions and responses to the Administrations stated intentions that they are going to start enforcing the law in regard to marijuana. Links to articles and websites making this claim, if via suspect scholarship, or referencing it: Original Intent Fox and Friends The Atlantic (C) occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The ongoing illegality of recreational marijuana, at the federal level, is why states and businesses are finding they can't put marijuana money into the bank, specifically any bank backed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. If the federal government, under a new administration, makes a move to ENFORCE federal law against private businesses and states, there is little recourse short of changing the federal law or a Constitutional amendment. The primary road block in the path of any monolithic group of angry [group] enacting [oppressive] goals: these United States are a Republic, not a Democracy. Inasmuch a democracy is the tyranny of the majority, a republic restrains the will of the majority through a set of restrictive laws intended to limit government power. Per the Senates website on Party Division, and a night of boredom, the following table reflects the Senate periods and their number that the majority party enjoyed a super majority. Years prior to 1837 not included. Recreational marijuana is not legal in any state of the Union. State laws legalizing recreational marijuana can't usurp the authority of the Federal government; reference Arizona V United States. According to The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, there are more white people beneath the poverty line than black people beneath the poverty line. 19,796,700 > 10,145,200 The last condition, where the populace surrenders and abdicates their individuals freedoms, is the most threatening because we can see indications that it is already happening. Look at the expanse of the Federal government beyond the confines of the Constitution, how it inserts itself into matters beyond its powers, and people accept it because "general welfare," an illusion of security, or personal gain. Student financial aid: You could lose federal financial aid opportunities for any marijuana use or possession charges. This is especially important for underage youth. Federal financial aid includes Perkins Loans, Pell Grants, Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants, PLUS Loans and Work-Study programs. Section 484 subsection R of the Higher Education Act of 1998 states that a student with a past conviction of any controlled-substance offense (which still includes marijuana) isn’t eligible for any of the above federal financial aid. If the Bill Clinton doesn't need to know, or hasn't been waived, it would be illegal to provide him access to classified material. The Rub is that the total population of non-institutionalized Civilians is 253,854,000, meaning that 94,391,000 persons aren't considered in the labor force. Of those, 5,833,000 want a job. Labor Participation rate is at 62.8%, a value not seen since the late 1970's. After they leave office, there is no longer a need to know. Though the section 4.4 (a) (3) of Executive Order 13526 provides the possibility of a waiver on this requirement, it is not an assured thing. The way unemployment is calculated has not changed. It is the measure that is boasted as "Unemployment" that is suspect. This is because the unemployment rate is defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as: Despite all indications to the contrary, to include the corruptibility of man, obnoxious weight of special interests, and more, these United States were built as a Republic, with a limited government that gains power from the populace. The premise of your question was faulty prior to the edit; the Constitution protects the rights of every individual within the jurisdiction of these United States from infringement by the Federal, State, and Local Governments. There is not a prerequisite that an individual be a citizen to have their rights protected, though there may be a few more hoops for them to go through to exercise those rights. Yes, there are certain rights that are restricted to citizens, like voting. Yes, some states have legalized recreational marijuana at their level, e.g. Colorado, Washington. Though, what do the states say: There are white people that live in the ghetto. There are poor white people. There are white people that are routinely hassled by the police. Bottom Line Upfront: If you don't allow the military to plan for maintenance, but keep them working, then it will cost more to fix them when you start giving them money. So, for the Civilian Labor Force, 159,463,000 individuals, 7,849,000 are counted as unemployed, setting the 4.9% value. Federally funded property: Places that receive a significant amount of federal funding must adhere to the federal Drug-Free Workplaces Act of 1988, which would ban the use of marijuana on those properties. Any effort to greatly undo the protection of individual rights codified by the Constitution would require actions in accordance with Article V of the same, violent over throw of the government, or the willful surrender and abdication of individual freedoms by the populace.