Historically, the house has brought articles of impeachment against the President twice. The House has the power to bring articles of Impeachment (i.e. start the proceedings) Rightly or wrongly, SCOTUS never intervened in either direction - neither requiring the President to use funds nor limiting Congress when it sought to curb the power of the Presidency. From 1801 (under Thomas Jefferson) until 1974 (under Richard Nixon), Presidents had the power to impound otherwise appropriated funds. This meant that Congress could authorize an agency or a law or some program, and appropriate funds to it, but then the President could refuse to actually spend the money. Forty-three states and the Mayor of the District of Columbia still hold this "fiduciary veto" over their respective constituent assemblies. Again, the real check on these rules is mostly the axiom that "turnabout is fair play." In the Senate, for example, Filibusters are controversial, in that they allow the minority party to stop the will of the majority. And, when overplayed, you will often hear about the nuclear option - the proposal to overturn the filibuster. But there is one thing that keeps it from being approved - the knowledge that eventually the majority party will be in the minority some day. And when that happens, they don't want to lose that power. Their best asset usually is that the are a quick source for manpower and/or equipment (trucks, helicopters, etc.), but using them for keeping order is a significant risk of armed incidents. Sometimes NGs are deployed without weapons to prevent this kind of incidents, sometimes as part of mixed patrols with cops and soldiers. The Bosnian War had raged from 1992 to 1995, and had stopped only after the NATO led an air campaign against the Serbian backed facted, and that only after a more moderate international intervention by the United Nation peacekeeping forces failed to stop the fighting and the massacres. You could say that Trump would be the "Republican & American Independent Parties President", but the other parties are so small and little known in relation to the mainstream parties that it would give no practical information. From the previous point, you no longer can simply "repeal" it but you must offer (or claim to offer) some alternative to what it provides. While generally agreeing with Drunk Cynic's answer, I think I have found the source of the claims (in fact, two possible sources). Again, the power of the government is not only in the POTUS but also in Congress and the Supreme Court, the President has some power but there are "checks and balances". Without discounting hidden motives1, the public one is more than enough. The foreign government must request3 (or at least accept) USA support and the POTUS must agree and activate the units, lengthening the process. What was the rally about? The initial reason for the rally was to protest the possible future removal of a confederate statue. Apart from the possible benefits, the law requires the registration, because the US determined that RT "conducts strategic messaging for [the] Russian government" and "seeks to influence politics, [and] fuel discontent in the U.S". The DoJ says that it "is committed to enforcing FARA and expects compliance with the law". Even if it has negative consequences as described by OP, in a democracy, the law should not be ignored out of political convenience. The speech from Merkel was held in a Bierzelt and is part of a political campaign for this years election. Trump is strongly disliked in Germany, even among members of Merkels right-wing CDU (~6% approval and 80% disapproval), so it makes sense for her to take a strong stance. According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.” Rule of law specifically means: Gavin McInnes - known for his right-wing politics and antisemitism - declined to attend because he did not want to be associated with Nazis. In an interview with CNN he said this: Fox News makes the same assumption: Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...]