George fox, who you asked about, seems to have taken a similar view, using much the same logic. From George Fox and Christian Theology DTS lists another fragment dating to the first century. I don't know about evidences of others calling them the four Gospels (not sure that's exactly what your last sentence is asking), but there is first century manuscript evidence for at least some of the Gospels. Several other sites list the Dead Sea scrolls dating to the first century A.D. The older date (1440 BC) is primarily based on the assumption that the Bible is a reliable historical document, with the passage of time based solely upon dates and time periods given from within Scripture. Example: Getting back to the distinction I mentioned in the first few sentences of this answer... Which date we hold to is likely to fall along the lines of how much we trust the Bible for historical accuracy, and how much we trust our interpretation of it, as well as where we draw the line on literalism. (Many of the arguments for a more recent date point out scenarios where a given time span can be interpreted as something other than the direct literal reading. Sounds like another debate about dating certain events that we're all quite familiar with.) Also, in the sections above, note that I said that each position is based primarily on either internal Biblical evidence or external evidence. That does not mean the position is based only on those two things. Each position is just as much based on an understanding of the difficulties of the opposing view. These fragments now increase our holdings as follows: we have as many as eighteen New Testament manuscripts from the second century and one from the first. Altogether, more than 43% of all New Testament verses are found in these manuscripts. But the most interesting thing is the first-century fragment. I am not sure I'm understanding the question. I see two possible things you might be asking... The short answer is "Yes." Jesus quoted from the Old Testament scriptures as if they were authoritative, and as if they were the very words of God. The passages of the OT that are historical were regarded by Him as historical. From http://www.churchhistory101.com/new-testament-canon.php It was dated by one of the world’s leading paleographers. He said he was ‘certain’ that it was from the first century. If this is true, it would be the oldest fragment of the New Testament known to exist. Up until now, no one has discovered any first-century manuscripts of the New Testament. The oldest manuscript of the New Testament has been P52, a small fragment from John’s Gospel, dated to the first half of the second century. It was discovered in 1934. As for Abraham specifically, aside from the affair with Hagar, he stayed married to one wife (Sarah) until she passed, after which he married Keturah and had children with her. Note: Martin Harris, one of the witnesses, later explicitly denied seeing the plates with his physical eyes. See article.. There were specific instructions for the king of Israel to not acquire many wives for himself, since that could have the effect of turning his heart away from the Lord. This text predates the first king of Israel, so I would say that David and Solomon should have known that this was forbidden. I understand the Book of Mormon has a list of witnesses. However, I have heard that these witnesses may not have actually ever seen the gold plates that contained the original manuscripts for the Book of Mormon, but were witnesses in a different sort of way. The Bible does not explicitly state that polygamy was forbidden, yet it would have been instructive to note that God created Adam and Eve--not Adam and Eve and Shirley and Tina and... Basically, there are some prophecies that are very clear. Other prophecies are not as clear. Sometimes the meaning gets obscured when we try to fit them into our own desires and plans. So, since the Sadducees disregarded everything but the Torah, that seems to fit more with those that show preferential treatment to certain passages of Scripture. This lines up more with being liberal than being conservative. Actually, the word Christian is used three times in the New Testament. The first occasion answers your question (Acts 11:26c): Regarding one more letter to Corinth, that is the implication in 1 Corinthians 5:9 when he refers to an earlier letter: In addition to the answers already provided, I would like to draw your attention to a passage from Luke 8:1-3: Finally, it is worth noting that all genuine letters by Paul could be identified by people at the time as he ended them in his own writing (rather than dictating). 2 Thessalonians 3:17 says: Paul certainly wrote other letters, but they were either lost or were not theological. For example, 1 Corinthians 16:3: That Jesus and His disciples had to rely on the donations of women (many of whom did not have their own source of income and so could not have given much), implies that they were far from wealthy. Jesus did have some money, though He held it in common with the 12 disciples. But the Bible gives a strong hint that it wasn't much: when He sent the 12 out, He told them not to take a collection bag or even any money!