This plays out even in modern warfare. During Operation Cobra, the Allied breakout from the Normandy beachhead, the Germany army, on the verge of being surrounded, attacks the apparently weak American center hoping to cut off the American spearhead. In reality, they make little headway. The time wasted on the counterattack only guarantees the German army in the west is trapped and nearly destroyed. 

In contrast, it is relatively easy to teach someone to load, (sort of) aim and fire a musket. The key to their effectiveness is standardization. There's no strength requirement, anybody can load and fire a musket effectively. With the advent of paper cartridges the amount of powder used, and thus the characteristics of the shot, became more standard. Because musket balls fly relatively flat compared to arrows, you can point in the general direction of the mass of charging troops and fire. The order was not "aim" it was "level". 

It looks like a stretched FV432, but who stretched it and why? 

Operation Vittles was the name for the US airlift of supplies to West Berlin during the blockade. Operation REFORGER is an acronym for "REturn of Forces to GERmany" and it's also symbolic of the intention to reforge the German army in the event of a Soviet attack. Operation Magic Carpet returned US troops to the US after WWII. Operation Eagle Claw would have had US special forces snatch US hostages out of Iran using helicopters (it was a disaster). And so on. 

Yes, they expected troops to march through territory they had just nuked. The Soviets tested this with 45,000 troops in 1954. 

In the first image the cannon is about 700 pixels long giving 2.8 pixels / cm. In the second it is about 370 pixels long giving about 1.5 pixels / cm. These are rough measurements. 

But when you come down to it, nothing beats the precision and control of a baton (assuming the person wielding it also has precision and control). 

Yes, a trained archer can probably put more effective shots on an unarmored target than a trained musketman of the 18th century. The problem is that word trained. 

The Navy was responsible for seaward defense of the island. The Army was responsible for the land and air (the air force being the Army Air Force). 

Based on all this, I can draw these conclusions about a human with a bow hitting a man sized target using a modern bow. 

Seven Days To The Rhine assumes NATO has cut off Eastern Europe with a tactical nuclear strike at key crossings of the Vistula River. Pact forces already in Eastern Europe would counter-attack West Germany, Belgium, Netherlands and Denmark necessitating several lines of attack, not just central Germany. 

These are numbers for a modern bow. They should be considered upper bounds for a historical archer who would not have access to modern technology to improve their aim. 

It's the autobiographical account of an RNVR officer from joining the submarine service through being a British submarine captain in the Pacific. He even escapes a sinking submarine. It's a technically accurate and very well written book. It benefits greatly from Young having been a publisher before the war. 

Finally, desperate tank crews might ram the enemy. If they found their cannon knocked out, or out of ammunition, or simply unable to penetrate the enemy. Desperate tank crews, particularly Soviet, would ram the enemy. The Battle of Prokhorovka (the huge tank battle portion of Kursk) featured confused close quarters tank combat and ramming. 

Once you run out of ammunition, the enemy can move in the open with impunity. They can move their own artillery and support units closer and into better defensive position. So long as you have ammunition, even a little, you maintain the threat of firing back. Most armies are adverse to casualties and will not use attrition to run out an enemy's dwindling supply... unless you're the Soviets. 

If you want to know more, this article from Parameters goes into some detail about military naming choices. You can also pick through this list of military operations and find plenty of examples, though keep in mind that list is likely to contain more high level and popular operations which are more likely to be political branding. 

In 1989 border controls between the East and West rapidly fell apart and the flood gates were opened. Just two years later would see the Warsaw Pact end and the Soviet Union dissolve into independent countries, and shrunken, but still powerful, Russian Empire. 

Pinguin The ship which most exemplifies these ideas is the German auxiliary cruiser Pinguin. Basically a freighter with guns, she had no hope of fighting off a real warship, but lasted a year traveling 60,000 miles sinking or capturing 150,000 gross tons. She captured 16 ships, and sunk 6 with a boarding crew to plant explosive charges. She plundered ships for fuel and food, sometimes sending them back to Germany. She used captured ships as auxiliaries to lay mines, resupply, or act as decoys. Pinguin would even use her seaplane to snatch away a target's radio antennas before they could broadcast a warning. 

Good bows were expensive and time consuming to make, four years, not to mention the arrows, and each had their own unique characteristics requiring a bow to be matched with a bowman. Muskets were relatively cheap by the 18th century and could be made to such a standard to be considered a general issue item. There was no need for a musketman to practice with a particular musket. 

The invasion of Normandy was originally Operation Slegehammer. The lesser known invasion of southern France was Operation Anvil to match. They were changed to Overlord and Dragoon to avoid any information leaking out. (D-Day was Operation Neptune).