Paris Saint-Germain’s ambition attracted me to the club, along with the passion and the energy this brings. 

Various systems are used by different organisations to make it easy to note the reason for a card, and remind the referee what occurred when they write a match report afterward. 

He is interested in their ambitious plans for the future and wants to support major competition victories. Beyond that, referees develop an experience that helps them remember offences long enough to get through the match. They also have two assistants recording everything as well, so if anything is not recalled, the three can confirm details of the event. Note also in the same Law, with similar emphasis added, Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, With the exception of a substitute for an injured goalkeeper, only players who are on the field of play or are temporarily off the field of play (injury, adjusting equipment, etc.) at the end of the match are eligible to take kicks. 

Each team is responsible for selecting from the eligible players the order in which they will take the kicks. The referee is not informed of the order. 

The referee would write "#7 38 C4 @ IFK" to indicate who received the caution, why the caution was given and when, under what justification in the laws. There is no requirement to name the order at any point, only to adhere to the conditions outlined in the procedure for kicks from the penalty mark. an official saw the offence but determined it to not have affected play 

an official saw the offence but played advantage for it, so play is not stopped 

in which pulling the shirt is included. 

an official saw the offence but an earlier offence was under advantage, and hence took precedence 

Thus, there is no concern over whether the order will be suboptimal based on the coin toss. Instead, managers are faced with a much more dynamic and complex situation: choosing the most optimal order from this point onwards and before every individual shot. 

A caution can only be given for one of six reasons, and a suspension for one of seven reasons. That reduces the amount required to remember; an offence is in one of just thirteen categories. The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT The amazing thing was that Martin Palermo missed 3 penalties in this game and Colombia won 3-0 (one of them was penalty). 

You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F 

The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. 

d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; 

The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there) If the ball is in play and a player commits an offence inside the field of play against: Sources: wikipedia, footballdatabase 

[Note: These abandoned matches examples are not because of red card limit] 

Note: Doesn't have to be in same match or within 90 minutes. 

From football-stadiums.co.uk article, For Violent Conduct player can be sent-off. (see: SENDING-OFF OFFENCES) 

Albania were awarded 3-0 win after Serbia match abandoned over drone stunt 

Also, when former Sunderland head coach Paolo Di Canio got sacked after just 13 games in charge in September 2013 . He stated illustrating differences between roles of these two: Serie A: AC Milan 9 vs Atalanta 3, 1972/1973, for a combined total of 12 Q7: What is the restart of the referee stops play for dissent/offensive language etc.? 

Deliberate being the key word. Since, the ball deflected from the leg is not deliberate. He can take the ball. 

If the referee stops play to penalise a player for dissent/offensive language etc. the restart is an IDFK. A specific answers to your questions: The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. 

f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video 

You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches. If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: So the question is what deliberately means. 

b) goal difference in all group matches; Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there)