Historical information This question seeks historical information about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, and their people. The Bible tells us nothing of historical value, beyond the plan to destroy the cities and the execution of that plan, which therefore places emphasis on any extra-biblical information available. It is not necessary for extra-biblical sources to confirm the biblical account of their destruction, although there ought to be mention of the two cities in the records of other civilisations. The Bible says that Sodom and Gomorrah stood out among all cities in the Near East because the people were so evil as to be beyond redemption, which at least ought to have elicited stories of disreputable cities that travellers should avoid. Unfortunately, every attempt to find extra-biblical references to the two cities, or even to interpret the same cities as being known by other names, has come to a dead end. 

Undoubtedly Jesus was a historical person, and it is not entirely improbable that Mark is based on reliable prior sources, although being in Greek, as Brown suggests, these sources might have been based on even earlier Aramaic sources. This chain of transmission, including the priority of Mark in the other gospels, requires us to conclude that there are inevitable historical errors in the gospel story. Each stage of transmission from an Aramaic original, assuming there to be one, through the Greek sources used by Mark and then to the other synoptic gospels and finally to John provides the opportunity for error or redaction of the earlier source, and we do indeed see differences between earlier and later gospels in passages where one gospel was dependent on the other. Not everything we read in Matthew and Luke comes from Mark or Q. For example, the genealogies in Matthew and Luke are unique to each of those gospels respectively. Brown points out (page 236) that there are many differences from one genealogy to the other, saying there are those who think of Luke as having tradition stemming from Mary (despite 3:23!) and others who try to reconcile the two genealogies. He says, while Luke's list may be less classically monarchical than Matthew's, there is little likelihood that either is strictly historical. 

In his 'Testament', Meslier said: 

John W. O’Malley, S.J. says, in A History of the Popes, page 8, that "no one piece of evidence states in straightforward and unambiguous language either that Peter either went to Rome or that he died there." However, he relies on circumstantial evidence, particularly First Peter, which he sees as suggesting, or even indicating, by its reference to 'Babylon' that Peter is in Rome at the time the letter was written, which was probably about the year 63: 

During the first century, the continuing virginity of Mary after the birth of Jesus does not appear to have been important. Matthew 1:25 concedes that Joseph and Mary began sexual relations after Jesus was born, or is at least ambiguous: 

Even in the absence of St. Peter in Rome, the city became the holy city of the Catholic Church because it was the centre of the Roman Empire, and thus the most powerful city on Earth. During the early years, the eastern Church had divided loyalties, between Constantinople, Jerusalem and Alexandria, whereas the entire Church in western Europe had Rome alone as its major centre, in turn giving the bishop of Rome considerable power and influence - in addition to the claim of Petrine succession. Nevertheless, Rome will never replace Jerusalem as the most holy city in Christendom. 

As Khirbet el-Qom is in Judah, presumably the early Judahites shared the belief that Asherah was the consort of Yahweh. 

The tradition of palm branches on Palm Sunday actually originates with the Jewish festival of Sukkoth, also called the Festival of the Tabernacles or Booths, which was probably the most popular holiday among the Jews in the first century. In the observance of Sukkoth, worshippers processed through Jerusalem and in the Temple, waving in their right hands something called a lulab, which was a bunch of leafy branches made of willow, myrtle and palm. As they waved these branches in that procession, the worshippers recited words from Psalm 118, the psalm normally used at Sukkoth. Among these words were "Save us, we beseech you, O Lord." Save us in Hebrew is hosianna or hosanna. This is typically followed by “Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord. (Ps 118:25-6).” 

As explained here, the Tree of Life is one of the most pervasive and enduring legends in the history of religion, but is not always associated with immortality. The tree is often associated with the earth goddess. The early Israelite goddess Asherah was often portrayed in iconography by a tree, and could have originally been synonymous with the earth goddess. 

In summary, the thesis that the brothers and sisters of Jesus were the children of Joseph from a previous marriage is quite ancient, if not universally accepted among Christians, but does not appear to have a specific name. 

In Genesis 3:22-24, we read that the Tree of Life bestows immortality, so when Adam becomes aware of his mortality, God is forced to send him out of the Garden lest he eat the fruit of this tree and become immortal. The more ancient Epic of Gilgamesh refers to the Tree of Life (the plant of eternal youth stolen by a serpent) and also tells us that the hero becomes resigned to mortality.