A good article covering the Lost Decade is http://ezinearticles.com/?National-Debt-History&id=2854873 by Martin Gremm 

Funding with taxes: In fiscal year 2015, the federal budget is $3.8 trillion (source, with data they used sourced from OMB). 

As such, no US President can increase or reduce debt. Only the Congress can. 

2010 Total taxable income (Src: IRS, "Table 1.4 All Returns: Sources of Income, Adjustments, and Tax Items, by Size of Adjusted Gross Income, Tax Year 2010"), section "Taxable Income": Roughly 2/3 to 3/4th of that was on medicare, social security, unemployment, labor, education, VA and such (the pie chart under "All Federal Spending" section is best for one-glance view). I'm roughly eyeballing that at ~2.7T-$3T. As a caveat, individual Republican party politicians DO oppose alternative energy vs. fossil fuels, because their own constituents are heavily involved with fossil fuel industry. But that's irrelevant to the spirit of the question, since (1) Democratic politicians in fossil fuel states pretty much do the same thing (See West Virginia's Democrat Manchin); and (2) Such behavior is really industry agnostic, and every politician of every party whose constituents are over-represented in a particular industry will of course behave the same way about competing disruptive industry; and (3) The main opposition is not on alternative energy per se, but on measures to tax/disrupt fossil fuel one. 

However, the rates will rise in 2017 (e.g. on floating rate mortgages), because of FED raising interest rates. That would lead to increased mortgage defaults, meaning that the fund would be at risk. Note that Obama administration and his HUD did NOT - as far as I can find - provide any financial projections backing the reduction. 

So, let's say we become even more liberal, and declare those making over $500k as "super rich". Can't we shear some extra wool off of them? In general, merely "I can find examples of X leading to be abused in bad causes", is not a sufficient reason to disallow X unless the abuse is pervasive[1] - even in and out of itself, never mind if we look into Side #3: comparing pros and cons of X. E.g. Turkey had buyers for ISIS-produced oil, despite official Turkish anti-ISIS stance. Iraq sanctions in 1990s had the same problem 

Then, you subtract money wasted on non-math related BS that politicians hid in there ($5 Mil for "clean energy" - what's THAT have to do with math?; $3.5M in sustainability). Republican party does not, in any way, shape, or form, oppose "alternative energy". This is, at best, an honest mistake stemming from not knowing the facts, or at worst, typical political lie by the media. 

They don't work nearly as well as intended or advertised 

Side #3: What about the pros of not requiring disclosure? You can commit crimes by driving a car into people (and it has been done). That's not a reason to disallow cars - not everyone driving a car does this. You disallow vehicular manslaughter, not cars. Or, for a more direct analogy, you don't even require public disclosure of either car title/ownership, or even car registration information (except to insurance company).