And: Abu Sa'eed used to relate that he had seen the Prophet prostrating on wet mud, so much so that he could see mud stains on his forehead. (Saheeh Bukhari, Part I, p. 104) And when you travel throughout the land, there is no blame upon you for shortening the prayer, [especially] if you fear that those who disbelieve may disrupt [or attack] you. Indeed, the disbelievers are ever to you a clear enemy. (101) 

As a general Islamic rule of Salah (prayer), there are some conditions which can invalidate your Salah (prayer). One of them is relevant to the issue of Pronounciation. In other word, it is said that in case that your pronunciation is not true (which changes the meaning), as a consequence it would invalidate your Salah or Namaz. 

Updated (and extra helpful information): According to Imam Khomeini as a Shia scholar/Marja’al-taqlid, 

Tafseer-e-Nemune, Volume4, page103. For further helpful/detailed information (and likewise the source), you can refer to the following link (which unfortunately is only in Farsi (Persian)) (at least I provided most of my answer based on it): In regard to your second inquiry that you inquired: 

So, I assume e.g. Shia might infer/conclude (as a conclusion) from this hadith (and other similar hadiths) that: It is completely a proven issue for Shia (and I think Sunni) that it is Wajib for women –based on Qur’an/hadiths- that they must be with hijab in front of non-mahram(s). But in the above-mentioned canonical-narration it doesn’t speak regarding the issue of hijab in front non-mahram, whereas the gist of the subject explicitly is mentioning regarding the significance/necessity of being covered in prayer (without pointing out about the attendance/not attendance of non-mahram…). Hence, easily/logically/fairly it can be concluded that it is illustrating regarding the necessity of being covered during the prayer in general (in every situation), and factually it doesn’t limit being with hijab just in attendance of non-mahram. And other related hadiths … In accordance with a verse of the Holy Qur'an, a character of Mo'menin (believers) is Khoshu'(humility) in Salah. Increasing the Islamic-politic information of people by the lecture of ... Firstly, based on the distance of that (as you mentioned 52km...),so, it seems that you should prayer in Qasar form. Secondly you should note that there are other conditions for Qasar prayer too, for instance: Seemingly, concentration in Salah is considered as an aspect of Khoshoo'. Actually paying attention in Salah (concentration) could increase its acceptability for Allah. But unfortunately, it is hard to concentrate during Salah (for many people among me) and in fact our attentions go to different places and matters. 

When Allah ordered us to do it (even if we are not aware of its meaning), but we trust Him and do it. Actually this is like: When you go to Doctor (as trusted doctor), then he gives you a pill which you don't know about its content, but you take (eat) it, since you trust the doctor ... thus it has its positive effect on your body even though you are not aware of this pill (as what its contents are ...) (Hopefully my info. be profitable for you somewhat) Based on Islamic Jurisprudence, a Traveller (whose prayer must be shortened, not complete) is: First of all, I suggest you to read the verses of Surah al-Nisa which are as shown in below (that are related to your question): But, may be mis-pronunciation in Mustahab parts of Salah such as Qunoot doesn't invalidate that. In regard to saying it in other parts of the prayer, we should notice that those are not Wajib practices to say them loudly such as those Takbirs (Allah-o-Akbars) which are related to Rokus and Sojud. 

The traveller must not be of nomads who mostly travel. 

(Imam Baqer (a.s.) taught it to someone (for Roku', Sajdah, Tashahod)) 

E.g. sb accuses prostrating on the stone or Turbah, s/he can accuse about prostrating on the carpet as well (as really an artificial material). Then we ought to survey many issue based on the hadiths fairly, not by paying attention to negative propagandas. [as Shia has evidences and reasons for other its acts too, then it is not fair to accuse it according to negative propaganda…, hence I strongly suggest you to ask your ambiguities about Shia from their experts, not from… / I am at your service to answer you according to my common limited knowledge) The performance of them relatively is the same in the number of the Rek'ats and likewise in the circumstances. But you ought to change the intention (Niyyah) of them from Wajib to Qaza. 

Certainly will the believers have succeeded: (1) And finally as a significant helpful hadith (particularly for the questioner), Imam Baqir -a.s.- said regarding the Lebaas of woman during Salah (prayer): 

The traveller must not travel for Haram purposes. Of course there are other views regarding the circumstances of it, but it was the most famous of them. Unfortunately, many people assume that Shias are prostrating on the stones, because, but it is not right what they're assuming. Actually the truth is something else. As I mentioned early, Shias prostrate (do Sujud) on the materials which can be considered as a part of the earth as natural materials, NOT ARTIFICIAL MATERIALS (which are handmade). Consequently, although dear Sunni brothers prostrate on the carpets, but Shia brothers believe that they mustn’t prostrate on the carpet. Since it could be considered as an artificial material which is made by humans, and it’s not a natural material, thus we must not to prostrate on the things which are considered as a handmade thing, since prostration is for Allah, not... / Hence you must pay attention what you are prostrating upon. Then, I reckon it can be a rational and logical reason for fair and impartial people (beside Shia narrations) that we should not Sujud or prostrate for Allah on artificial materials which are made by humans. On the other hand, there wasn’t such carpets at the period of Prophet Muhammad (pbuh), and he did prostrate on natural Hasirah (mat) as both Shia and Sunni agree that.