It got farthest in the Late Academics and Pyrrhic Skepticism. 

As American patent law sees it, you still have the right to use your idea independent of them. It is 'prior art' and they cannot monopolize it. But you have no right to any part of their success. They are the ones who have made the investment in your idea. 

In fact, again I only know the U.S. population, many of them have purposely simply walked out of permanent housing options because they find those options problematic or because they feel problematic for others in those situations. There is a difference between a refugee eager to be out of their situation and a woman who may consider herself undeserving of help because of her own mental and cultural issues, and who may find short-term charity acceptable but long-term charity too hard to accept. 

We have no control over the creation of the needs of the poor, people breed or they don't, and they develop problems that prevent them from being fully engaged in society for reasons beyond any humans' control. But we have control over the creation of work opportunities, by spending reasonably. 

Age is the place this is most obvious to me. I am forty-nine, and my counterpart in the leadership structure here is nineteen. Whether either of us presumes I am ahead of him because of the variety of my experience or behind him because he is more flexible mentally, we are being ageist, even when we are attributing the strength to the other party. 

Overall, this has resulted in an improvement in society. Favoring the many, compared to previous systems that favor the strong, and therefore the few, frees a lot of energy to invest in a culture. But at some point, it becomes a disease. It ensures that no one wishes to improve the world, because all actions that can be taken by an individual will have psychological and social repercussions that outweigh their gains. Since group actions require individuals at least proposing group agenda, all progress becomes a burden, instead. 

In my picture of the world, rights are a completely secondary manipulation to get people to act morally. They simplify the communication of moral intent, but they have nothing, intrinsically, to do with what is or is not moral. That needs to be established by some other underlying perspective. 

It is also true that overrestrained emotion is often an overadaptation to strong emotion enforced by a family with a history of trouble keeping normal levels of emotion from growing excessive and violent. So a lot of people are frightened by a lack of emotional display, as it can be a predictor that someone will overreact in some later situation, perhaps violently, or perhaps simply at the worst possible time. If what your emotional presentation causes in most other people is fear, then you may be unconsciously manipulating them, and they are then justified in looking at you as something of a criminal, who gets his way by using their negative emotions against them, and so 'less human' than someone with a more average presentation.