Career-development questions are off-topic on Stack Overflow. Those kinds of questions are also off-topic on the Programmers and Game Development SE sites as well. I've noticed that when I view a list of questions on Stack Overflow, it will flash one set ever so briefly and then refresh to show a different set of questions. Web Developer jobs have been posted on your site for many months, apparently without being filled. Are you hiring web developers on an ongoing basis, or are you looking for a purple squirrel/the perfect employee? What are you looking for; what do you want? You assert that "while we are hiring, we’re not doing it fast enough to make a real difference for New Yorkers who want to learn to code," but none of the job openings you have are for entry-level people. Should experienced developers, who clearly are capable of doing the work but are perhaps not up to speed on the latest bleeding edge technology or interview expectations, be pursuing some sort of mentorship as well? Put your actual question in the title. Make it the kind of title that will be meaningful to people searching for your question in Google. If you want to praise Jesus on Stack Overflow, the way you do that is in your profile, by contributing high-quality content on Stack Overflow, and in general interacting with others on the site in a way that honors his name, not by the use of slogans, but by treating others with humility and respect. When Jesus said "Go and make disciples of all nations," I'm pretty sure that this user's behavior is not what he meant. A flag could be dismissed as valid, but no action taken. Equally it could be dismissed as invalid while there was still an action taken. It will depend on the moderator reviewing that flag. I'm not concerned as I still have one token left and there's nothing I really want to commit to at the moment. It's just that it was discussed on chat yesterday and someone mentioned that they'd had their token from the Unix site returned and that went into beta after the UI site. Just seen the best-practies on Stack Overflow. While you are theoretically free to put anything you like in your profile you there are certain things that will get removed as soon as moderators (or employees) become aware of them. These include, but aren't limited to: The rules are (as far as I know): So I click on the reputation link and get this: Up until October 2016 moderators couldn't see the version history of comments, though the revision history is kept in the database. On sites where I haven't received any votes it correctly says: Is returning the commitment token from a site a manual process or is it automatic? If it's automatic what are the criteria? I've made 14 posts (2 questions and 12 answers), commented and earned 11 badges including the beta. Stack Exchange sites are supposed to be professional places that people can use from their workplace. Content like this that makes it difficult (or indeed impossible) for people to use the sites will be removed. On all the sites I've checked (Stack Overflow, Programmers, Web Applications) the "recently imported questions" link on the tools menu is pointing at: Take the reason a moderator used to close. Take the reason with >= 3 votes (>= 4 for a migration) In the event of a tie take the reason of the last vote cast out of those involved in the tie. As with voting your focus should be on the post not the poster. I shouldn't matter whether they have 1 point, 100 points or 1,000,000 points. I'm in the process of editing to remove it, but it would be great if someone could add it to the black list. If they deserve the bounty you should award it to them. If the answer was good they'd probably already have 50 points or more from the up-votes so adding a bounty probably won't give them any more privileges than they already have. If you want to praise Jesus on Stack Overflow, the way you do that is in your profile, by contributing high-quality content on Stack Overflow, and in general interacting with others on the site in a way that honors his name, not by the use of slogans, but by treating others with humility and respect. When Jesus said "Go and make disciples of all nations," I'm pretty sure that this user's behavior is not what he meant. Second, Stack Exchange has no obligation whatsoever to preserve anyone's supposed "right" to exercise their religious beliefs on any Stack Exchange site, in whatever form those religious exercises might take. Naturally, some sites welcome these practices; if you want to praise Jesus overtly using your own words, you're almost certainly welcome to do that on the Christianity site (but check with them first), provided that you're also providing value in the form of actually answering or asking a question. You assert that "while we are hiring, we’re not doing it fast enough to make a real difference for New Yorkers who want to learn to code," but none of the job openings you have are for entry-level people. Should experienced developers, who clearly are capable of doing the work but are perhaps not up to speed on the latest bleeding edge technology or interview expectations, be pursuing some sort of mentorship as well?