You can also combine these two methods, and describe the function by equating it with something else: 

I also do not want to describe how bad things are, because 1) I simply don't want to write about such things, and 2) I don't want my novel to be adult-only. I want everyone to read this. 

The purpose of Character Development is to get the reader to care about the protagonist. If the reader doesn't care about who he's reading, what's stopping him from closing the book? 

The word whisper brings the mental tone way down, but the sentence keeps going. 'Shout' and 'earthquake' bring the volume up slightly, and 'panic' is far enough after 'whisper' to bring it up to the level you want. 'Guilt' adds a hint of emotion contradictory to 'panic,' giving the whole line a taste that can't quite be defined, but is still understood by the reader. 

Best of luck in your endeavors! 

This question deals with an author pausing the story to speak directly to the reader. An example follows: 

Step 2 - Brainstorm Description 

These are both prepositional phrases. Number 1 should be included. Number 2 does not have to be. Below I explain why. 

Sentence number 1 omits the prepositional object 'us.' You need that object. If you read the sentence by itself, you'll see why. What are the chairs behind? Us? The house? The sunset? What? 

I would say that you should definitely include time/date, but as was mentioned above, you should show, not tell. If you have to tell, I would use the chapter header mentioned by Mac Cooper. But actually stating that information within the body of the text itself might not be a good idea. 

A good example of this being done is Star Wars, specifically episode IV. Basically from the moment they are introduced, we understand the Empire and Sith are evil, and the Resistance and Jedi are good. I cannot tell how this is conveyed beyond all doubt. 

I will skip over the debate on whether or not you want re-readability in your novel. Instead, I'd like to focus on the following question: 

I've come across some answers and questions on this site which have gotten me thinking about re-readability. It isn't something that I think about much, but now that I consider it, I think it could be the difference between buying a book and simply checking it out of the library. 

Now all we have to do is figure out which of the descriptive terms we have in step two will work, given our context. 

Describe the function of the clothing Equate the look of the clothing with something in your setting that looks similar. Describe the function. The first thing is to stop relying on already-made terms. Pants, shirt, sweater... as you have pointed out, all have a futuristic feel. As what mentioned, you can use terms not tied to time, such as 'shoe' or 'loincloth'. But better yet, do not use any terms at all. Describe the clothing. 

To future viewers: While I've marked Mark's answer, I would like to make sure you see the answer from SaberWriter as well. He has an excellent breakdown which should be quite useful when planning your novel. 

Sorry for the long answer, I tried - believe it or not - to keep it as brief as possible. Hopefully you find it helpful, and welcome to the site! 

The combat trap is essentially where an author will lapse into relating all the moves of the fight. You see this a lot where the fight is supposed to be fancy, with a lot of 'moves' involved, but it applies to any fight. 

If you know this, you will never be faced with what I like to term the 'awkward journey' or anything similar. You will always know where you are going, why you are going there, and how to get there. 

The purpose of Stakes is to increase the worth of the main conflict not only to the character, but to the reader. Keep in mind that all the development you do is for the reader. You aren't trying to make a better story, get that out of your head right away. You're trying to make a better story for the reader, so that he will keep reading. With that in mind: 

It sounds like you are missing two major parts of story development: Character and Stakes. These two topics could fill two small books, so I'll try to give you the run-down below. 

The next part of character development is inner conflict. You want your character to be realistic, and in this case that means he needs an element of inner turmoil. Without this, he comes across as too sure of himself. He needs to doubt. 

There was nothing for it. He couldn't block anything while he was still off-balance. He dropped to the ground, and felt Bob land on him a second later. Got to get out! he thought. He knew if Bob got his full weight on him, he would have a hard time escaping. He squirmed to the side. Bob wrapped an arm around him, trying to choke him, but he writhed his arm under Bob's, twisting at the elbow to break the choke. 

You can see how the character is much more involved in the fight, while all the moves are still related. 

Now I'll just say the line a few times myself the way I think you're visualizing it, and describe it that way: