Nikah here means intercourse and the purpose of the verse is to denounce fornication rather than to establish legality of a marriage i.e it means one who has intercourse with an immoral person is themselves immoral, and that both partners are equally sinful ... one who has intercourse with a prostitute is as sinful as the prostitute. The nikah of a minor boy or girl is permitted if they are married away by the wali irrespective of the girl being a virgin or deflowered. The wali here belongs to the asabah (close relatives). Malik (God bless him) disagrees with us with respect to the wali other than the father and grandfather, and he also disagrees about the deflowered minor girl. According to Malik (God bless him), wilayah over a free woman depends upon the need for it, and there is no need here due to the absence of desire for sex, except that the wilayah of the father has been established on the basis of the text and against analogy (therefore it is affirmed). The grandfather does not fall in this category and is not to be linked with the father. ... And cited the view of Ibn Umar: Abu Jafar Nihas said: This is the saying of the majority of the Ulema. They say: One who has commited Zina with a woman, it is permitted for him to marry her, and it is permitted for any other man to marry her. This is the saying of Ibn Umar, Salim, Jabir bin Zayed, Ata, Tawus and Imam Malik bin Anas and the same is the saying of Abu Hanifa and his companions. Imam Shafi said: This is as Saeed Bin Musaib said, By God's will it is abrogated. From Ahkamul Quran by Abu Bakr Al-Jassas A virgin came to the Prophet (ﷺ) and mentioned that her father had married her against her will, so the Prophet (ﷺ) allowed her to exercise her choice. [Sunan Abu Daud] From Mughni by Ibn Qudaymah (Hanbali fiqh), translation partially taken from IslamQA: It is permissible for non-mahram family members to live in a single house, provided that they properly cover themselves in each other's presence(Quran 24:31) and are not left alone with each other in seclusion (Bukhari and Muslim). Also see answer on islamqa.info). If they are married away by someone other than the father and the grandfather, then, each one of them will have the option upon attaining puberty; if they like they can maintain the contract and if they like they can revoke it. The one who is an open fornicator or indulged in other immoral acts, and then marries a woman from a respectable house by deceiving them ... then they have the right, if they wish they can stay with him, and if they wish they can enforce seperation between them. Classical scholars have used the above to establish prohibition of marrying Zoroastrians, Sabeans and Hanifs etc. even though they are monotheists, the same would extend to a Spiritual Monotheist. A group says: This verse is in effect. Their Ulema say that one who commits Zina, his Nikah with his wife is annuled, and when a woman commits Zina her Nikah with the husband is annuled. Some of them said, it is not automatically invalidated but the husband will be told to give divorce to the wife and it will be sinful for him to continue. And that it is not permitted to Marry a fornicator or fornicatoress unless repentance is visible, and then marriage is permitted. Imam Nawawi in Minhaj Al Talibin: (english trans) Narrated Khansa bint Khidam Al-Ansariya: that her father gave her in marriage when she was a matron and she disliked that marriage. So she went to Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) and he declared that marriage invalid. [Saheeh Bukhari] Prohibited to you [for marriage] are ... that you take [in marriage] two sisters simultaneously Ibn Abbas said [about a person who married a woman he had fornicated with], his beginning was fornication and ending was marriage. His example is like that of a person who steals from a garden and then goes to the owner to buy what he stole. What he stole was haram and what he bought is halal. This is different from your wive's mother and daughters who are perpetually forbidden once the marriage is consummated, as expressed in the same verse. Majority opinion is that it is permissible to marry the person with whom one has committed Zina, provided that the person is not a habitually unchaste person and that they both sincerely repent of their sin and that a period equal to iddah has passed since the unlawful intercourse. Quotes from the Hanafi text Hidayah: With the words fathers, mothers, daughters and sons being also applied perpetually to all direct ascendants and descendants (grand-children and grand-fathers etc.) For details on these see Hidayah and Minhaj Al Talibeen. Indeed, those who have believed and those who were Jews and the Sabeans and the Christians and the Magians and those who associated with Allah - Allah will judge between them on the Day of Resurrection. Indeed Allah is, over all things, Witness. Where a father disposes of his daughter's hand during her minority, she cannot be delivered to her husband before she attains puberty. In default of the father, the father's father exercises all his powers. Loss of virginity puts an end to the right of disposing of a daughter's hand without her consent ; and there is no différence in this respect between a loss caused by illicit cohabitation and one that is the conséquence of unlawful intercourse.