For the same force between the disc and pads, a bigger rotor generates more torque on the wheel - i.e. more stopping force. It is running though the pads faster, generating more friction for the same pressure, more stopping power, and as it has bigger surface area, is dissipating more of the generated heat, meaning the disc and pads run colder. So, for the same caliper and brake pad, a bigger rotor generates more braking for the same pressure or the same amount of braking for less pressure. 

Heat buildup is not normally a problem but low end pads can suffer fad. Small rotors don't typically over heat on bikes (Tandems and loaded tourers might manage it). The main advantage is more breaking for less pressure - so you get more control and feel, and your braking hand tires less (If you have ever done a 1000ft vertical descent in technical tracks on crap brakes you know the feeling) A 4 pot caliper provides advantages of more and more even pressure, meaning better braking. Also as there are usually larger pads - more heat dissipation can be achieved. Rim Width - in the 21st century, the problem is less about the strength of the rim and more to do with fitting the tire beads and valve into a narrow rim. If the rim is wide enough to accept a Shrader and mount the tire, its strong enough. As we are discussing MTB's - the last time I ran a rim too narrow for Shrader on a MTB was 1993. In the last decade, MTB rim widths are getting wider so it makes no difference what valve you run. Disassembling a cassette is a hassle and its likely you won't get the spacing correct anyway, so #3 is out. Generally, road stuff is lighter than mountain stuff. Probably less durable in a crash though. 

Front derailleurs: FD's need to be shaped to the number of chainrings (typically 2, less so common 3 on a road bike vs often 3 on a mountain bike) as well as the size of the chainrings. For this reason (and in some cases the amount of cable pull needed to move the front derailleur) you can't mix road cranksets with mountain front derailleurs and mountain cranksets with road front derailleurs. On a mountain frame, you probably can't clear a road double if you were to mount it on, and you may have derailleur mounting issues when putting a mountain crankset on a road frame in some cases. 

Now to part 2 of the question: What can you change on a bike to improve your commute? This question has been asked on SE a bunch of times, but typically the answer for commuting on a mountain bike is to lock out your suspension if you can (or switch to a rigid fork) and fit slick tires. You could also try a smaller cassette if you want, but other than that, you're going to want to get a new bike. If you have a road bike, you sometimes will want to fit a big cassette so you have lower gears available (you may need a new chain, and to make sure all the capacities of the derailleurs are within spec, else you may need a new rear derailleur) and bigger tires to make things more comfortable. Shifters: The front derailleur needs to be matched to road/mountain shifter. Rear derailleur will need to be matched if >=10 speed. Friction shifters always work. 

Tires: Mountain tires are typically fatter than road tires. As pointed out in DWGKNZ's answer, you can't swap a lot of the parts (the Specialized Demo 8 uses pressfit BB, so you'll get a new crank at the minimum), but given the tools required and the fact that the sirrus comp is a nice bike, you're better off selling it and buying new parts. On top of that, the parts for mountain biking (e.g. derailleurs, etc.) are built more robustly for mountain biking than for the road so you'd likely want to buy better parts anyway (esp. for a nice frame like a Demo 8).