Where in Tertullian's writings does he make this "initial statement"? Which of his writings indicate an early form of satisfaction theory, as opposed to other theories of atonement? 

Large-scale conversion of Jewish people The most commonly held position on this text is that Romans 11:26 is a prophecy of a future large-scale conversion of Jewish people, which is typically associated with the Second Coming of Christ. 

That said, he is more comfortable with a "fiscal" substitutionary atonement. He writes, “If you think of it as a debt, there is plenty of point in a person who has some assets paying it on behalf of someone who has not.” He continues, however, to further develop his idea of substitutionary atonement. It incorporates some of the language of subjective models of atonement, in that one purpose of Christ's death is to make it possible for us to surrender to God. By dying, Lewis says, the God-man undergoes surrender and death, making it possible for him to instill those characteristics in us and enable us to surrender to God and die to self.2 

Marius Victorinus The earliest clear instance of this interpretation of this verse that I've found appears to be in Marius Victorinus's commentary on Galatians (written mid-4th century). He describes the "works which belong to Christianity" as: 

In order to make the case that believers cannot walk away from their salvation, I would point to 1 John. 1 John deals a lot with authentic vs. inauthentic salvation, and how to know whether you have authentic salvation. It also teaches, in my opinion, that people with authentic salvation will always remain. For example: 

I think that to understand this issue, we need to question our base assumption of how salvation is "fair". We have a tendency to think about salvation like 

The people that John is referring to (antichrists) left of their own free will. John uses this leaving to demonstrate that they had never really belonged to the church. Even more, he says that if they had really belonged to the church, they would have remained. If people could walk away from their salvation, John would not have said this, because it would be quite possible to really belong, and then not remain. 

A common argument for the ability to walk away from one's own salvation is that we can use our free will to abandon it. This is based on the assumption that our free will remains intact once we are saved. But the Bible does not support this assumption. In fact, we are told that we don't exactly have free will to do some things: 

So it seems that it is possible to have a faith that is non-genuine, or non-saving, and thus does not lead to the bearing of fruit. My question centers around what the difference between these two types of faith is. 

Catholic Encyclopedia, "General Judgment." Gregory, Morals on the Book of Job, I-30. "[The Holy Church,] having taken in the Gentiles to the full, at the end of the world she converts to herself the souls of the Jews likewise." Aquinas, Commentary on Romans. "The blindness of the Jews will last up to the time when the full number of the Gentiles will come to the faith [...] when the full number of the Gentiles has come in, all Israel will be saved, not some, as now, but universally all." (also archived via WebCite) Haydock, Commentary. The Catechism of the Catholic Church, 1.2.2.7, 674 seems to indicate this view as well, though its language may leave open the possibility of the third view: 'The "full inclusion" of the Jews in the Messiah's salvation, in the wake of "the full number of the Gentiles", will enable the People of God to achieve "the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ."' Moody Bible Commentary on Romans 11:26. Septuagint examples are Nm 16:34; 1 Sm 25:1; 1 Ch 11:10, 15:25, 19:17; 2 Ch 10:3. Piper, "All Israel Will Be Saved", February 29, 2004 sermon. "[T]here will be a great and stupendous national conversion of Israel some day." "I don't know the details, but it seems to me that Paul does mean that in connection with the second coming of Christ there will be a great turning of Israel to Christ." (also archived via WebCite) Grudem, Systematic Theology, 1099. "[Paul] says that sometime in the future a large number [of Jews] would be saved." Hodge, Commentary on Romans, 371–74: "Israel here, from the context, must mean the Jewish people." Bahnsen, "Gospel Prosperity and the Future of Israel," from Calvinism Today – 4, Vol. III, No. 2 (April 1993). 'By this declaration Paul must have meant by “Israel” what he has meant by the term throughout the chapter: namely, ethnic Jews (his brothers “according to the flesh”).' (also archived via WebCite) Murray, The Epistle to the Romans, quoted in Bahnsen, "Gospel Prosperity and the Future of Israel." "[I]t is the salvation of the mass of Israel that the apostle affirms." Cranfield, A Critical and Exegetical Commentary on the Epistle to the Romans, quoted in Irons, "Paul's Theology of Israel's Future," 8. Berkhof, Systematic Theology, 6.3.1.B. "'All Israel' is to be understood as a designation, not of the whole nation, but of the whole number of the elect out of the ancient covenant people." Hoekema, The Bible and the Future, 139–47. Robertson, “Is There a Distinctive Future for Ethnic Israel in Romans 11?,” chapter 16 in Perspectives on Evangelical Theology, quoted in Irons, "Paul's Theology of Israel's Future", 5–7. Theodret, "Interpretation of the Letter to the Romans," quoted in Ancient Christian Commentary, 299. Augustine, quoted in Ancient Christian Commentary, 298. Augustine, City of God 20.29. Hodge cites Augustine in support of this view (Commentary, 374) and so does Meyer (Critical and Exegetical Handbook, II, 234). Calvin, Commentary on Romans. "When the Gentiles shall come in, the Jews also shall return from their defection to the obedience of faith; and thus shall be completed the salvation of the whole Israel of God, which must be gathered from both." Wright, The Climax of the Covenant, 250, quoted in Irons, "Paul's Theology of Israel's Future," 20–21. See "Romans and the Theology of Paul", section VI. Irons, "Paul's Theology of Israel's Future," 8, 15–21.