All scholars say that a woman who had premarital sex and repent can marry any body (a chaste person). This is one major conclusion of the tafsir interpretation of the Verse in Surat an-Nur (24:3) if they don't repent such a marriage would be haram and considered as non valid. 

How to understand Verse (24:3) According to your statement you regretted what you have done and repented from it. Now you'll have/should or you are about to conceal your (past misconduct) and you'll not have to tell anybody about what you did before unless your future husband made it a condition that his wife should be a virgin (see this Arabic Fatwa)! where the prohibited woman to a man are quoted! They explained that married woman are prohibited to all man except their husbands! This has been quoted by ibn Kathir in his Tafsir and he underlined the 2nd statement The Qur'an in several verses clearly quote the necessity of a third party which gives permission for marriage, which is the wali: 

So far i couldn't find any fatwa clearly allowing to omit the father (while he is alive) as a waly and take an other of his relatives as a waly and how this exactly works. (If anybody could find it I'd be glad to read about that and reasoning behind it). But what I found recommended by islamqa in this case as it seems to me is seeking the intervention of a court to impose the father to marry you with a righteous man. Unfortunately I'm aware that this isn't an easy way to solve the problem due to a couple of effects: time might be the less important of it, but maybe the most biggest problem would be that this could be considered as an shameful act or a humiliating act ... or something you'd rather prefer not to do. It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. 

Islam Q&A includes some specifics: 

it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. 

The above applies to England and Wales although there are some similar provisions in Scotland and Northern Ireland 

I know the answer is "yes", but I'm unsure why. It doesn't seem to follow directly from the wording. They're not haram (as divorce is not haram), but ordinarily couples are encouraged to endeavour to reconcile and mediate first. I cannot say whether or not these are immoral. 

Doing some Googling indicates that (a) what faskh actually is (and whether or not it includes khula), (b) what is the process of obtaining faskh, and (c) how the court can be satisfied varies significantly. 

Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. 

Family is central in Islam, there are many references in the Quran on how to deal with family (for example, respect for elders, mothers rights, daughters rights, etc.) and clearly even from the hadith it is understood that family is a central core of a good Islamic society. He said “then this marriage is invalid, go and marry whomever you wish.” I said “I have accepted what my father has arranged, but I wanted women to know that fathers have no right in their daughter’s matters (i.e. they have no right to force a marriage on them). (Fathul Bari Sharah Al Bukhari 9/194, Ibn Majah Kitabun Nikah 1/602) 

The Quran also states the same (as pointed out): 

An additional reason why marriage is encouraged is because it protects people from sin. As is it natural for a person to have desires for intimacy, marriage provides you a way to fulfill these desires in a way that protects both you and your partner. 

It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. 

Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? The wife is not entitled to anything of the mahr (dowry). This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

It's possible it could be interpreted as a crime under Sharia Law too. E.g., Malaysia has this crime (see http://www.esyariah.gov.my/): 

3. Mubarat (mutually negotiated divorce） TheNews.com.pk explain this as: 

Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? 

A person must not wilfully and obscenely expose the genital area of his or her body in, or within the view of, a public place. -- Victoria, SUMMARY OFFENCES ACT 1966 - SECT 19 Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. 

Generally, this is interpreted to mean that a man is forbidden to marry a second wife if he fears that he would treat them unjustly.