For example, the equations modeling the motion of a double-pendulum, , are relatively simple compared to the "chaotic" consequences of these equations: For further discussions of this topic, see E. McMullin, "Philosophies of Nature," The New Scholasticism 43 (1969), 29-74; J. Compton, "Reinventing the Philosophy of Nature," The Review of Metaphysics 33 (1979), 3-28; E. McMullin, "Compton on the Philosophy of Nature," ibid., pp. 29-58; idem, "Is There a Philosophy of Nature?" Proceedings of the International Congress of Philosophy, Vienna, 1968, 4: 295-305. Physics deals with that which is in motion and is material. Mathematics deals with that which is material and is not in motion [∵ mathematical objects do not move or change, but they are abstracted from physical objects, which do move or change] Metascience deals with that which is not in motion nor is material. (cf. §II of his De Trinitate) Hence, the only time which is not illusory, and which he regards as real, is the heterogeneous time, or succession, which accompanies the development of our conscious states. Such development is purely qualitative, and its parts can only be qualitatively, never quantitatively, distinguished, so that they are absolutely heterogeneous; for it is clear that all our psychic acts are unextended — it is impossible to have a yard of thought — and so if distinct their distinction can be qualitative only. Anyway, there are plenty of treatises from various people (Daniel Dennett comes to mind), but I don't think you've fully grasped even, say, Dawkins' arguments. If you say But the track record of all detailed predictions for every major religion are astoundingly bad (about what you'd expect from observant farmers 3000 years ago wondering about the universe), so there is essentially no evidence in favor and very much evidence against hypotheses that any historical religion is actually meaningfully divinely inspired (including all the bits about afterlife if any, how many gods there are, whether they pay any attention to humans, etc.). Thus, the parsimonious explanation for these religions is not divine intervention but various social and other factors, and it is therefore unlikely that any particular claim is true. Pretty silly, right? But, frustrating, you can't completely rule this out with logic or science or anything else. It's just a variant of Descartes' evil demon, albeit possibly a non-intelligent demon (maybe there's just some process that generates pretend histories, and a flag flipped saying, "okay, stop generating pretend histories now, plug them into beings and start doing stuff for real"). Whether or not this leaves room for some manner of divine being, all the details of what people claim about it/them are probably wrong, so the rational thing to do is to act and reason the same way you would if there wasn't any divine being, hence pragmatic atheism. To start, we need to recognize the profundity of the Church-Turing thesis, which says that all of the ways in which we build up complex computations are fundamentally equivalent to each other. Although it's possible that such a thing exists, we've had a good seventy years to come up with a strictly more powerful framework, and not found anything that can't at least be approximated (given what we know about the physical laws of the universe). So just from fundamental physical laws plus fairly profound results in computability, we would suspect that if there is a difference in humans' consciousness or other mental capabilities, it would be a difference in quantity, not in kind, at least not fundamentally. (It might not be practical to simulate consciousness--getting one bit of matter to emulate another sufficiently accurately is not always an easy thing to do--but this wouldn't change the answer that we are fundamentally chemical computers.) Where does Aristotle's Posterior Analytics disagree with modern philosophy of science? Is his conception of "science" (certain knowledge through causes) different than the modern conception of science, which is more dialectical? {It would seem so because the Big Bang theory, for example, is a story about the development of the universe.} Brian Ellis's Philosophy of Nature: A Guide to the New Essentialism David S. Oderberg's Real Essentialism Thanks in advance for any insight on this question The laws of physics are symbolic relations. His definition of physical law (ibid. p. 168): "A physical law is a symbolic relation whose application to concrete reality requires that a whole group of laws be known and accepted." A law of physics is, properly speaking, neither true nor false but approximate. Every law of physics is provisional and relative because it is approximate. Every physical law is provisional because it is symbolic. The laws of physics are more detailed than the laws of common sense. cf. also ch. 10 "Physical Laws" of The Physical System of St. Thomas by G.M. Cornoldi, S.J.