If you can find one go visit a Christian bookstore. They usually have a huge selection of bibles and are usually very willing to help you choose the one that suits you. They will usually order if they haven't got what you want. 

TLDR: 'Bible' is often written in lowercase for the same reasons that apostrophes are often used in plurals. 

As Ryan Frame says, the discovery of new stars does not mean that they were created recently. Also the birth of new stars (or animals, or people for that matter) doesn't imply new creation. God had set in motion at the time of creation the mechanisms by which they are created (coalescing matter clouds, sexual reproduction). That was the work of creation. The bringing-to-birth is the work of sustainment. 

Some of the beliefs of dependency include: 

Edited to respond to the new version of the question. 

Catholics do not believe that attending mass and going to confession will get you to heaven, nor will doing those things with bible reading. No Christian denomination that I am aware of believes those things. Salvation comes through the saving power of Jesus Christ. 

The answer to this question depends somewhat on the definition of "quoted," but we can draw some high-level conclusions. BlueLetterBible.org provides a list of New Testament citations and allusions to the Old Testament, and an examination of that dataset reveals the following: 

John Frame and Steve Hays deal with the issue similarly, in a response to a similar challenge: 

Thus, the argument goes, the Quran is contradictory and therefore not self-authenticating, and thus that it cannot serve as the basis for knowledge. 

First of all, these two translations are extremely different. Here's Genesis 1:1 in The Street Bible: 

Consider the way Ten Bruggencate's tract on Islam addresses the issue. To Muslims who claim that they could not be wrong, he presents "contradictions in [their] source of knowledge"; that is, he claims that there are contradictions inherent in Islam and the Quran. 

Blomberg's numbers vary somewhat from BLB's, but demonstrate that even with varying definitions of what a "quote" or "allusion" is, Matthew refers to the Old Testament significantly more than the other Gospel writers. 

Matthew's dominance is also confirmed by commentators. Craig L. Blomberg, writing in the Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament, writes: 

There's obviously a significant difference between these two in both translation philosophy and style. The Street Bible is a paraphrase that attempts to use "the language of the modern urban reader." On the other hand, the KJV is a fairly literal translation that uses Elizabethan English, which can be practically incomprehensible to some modern-day readers. 

Catholics do not believe that attending mass and going to confession will get you to heaven, nor will doing those things with bible reading. No Christian denomination that I am aware of believes those things. Salvation comes through the saving power of Jesus Christ. 

Large print bibles (i.e. normal book print size) are relatively rare because it makes the Bible very large. If you really want one then that will narrow down your choices. Looked at positively that will make your choice easier. Almost all bibles are two column except the large print ones. Most people don't like one column for fine print, so most publishers don't print them. 

Now this makes some people snigger, since they know that the Bible wasn't written in English and the KJV is an English translation of the original languages. 

Both Bible and Koran (or Quran) are proper names, since they refer to specific books, and as such should be capitalized. This is nothing to do with belief in the validity of either book, or respect for them. The name 'Satan' is capitalized in correct English, just like 'Jesus' and 'Mohammed'.