I do have a context for interpreting Christianity in a way that is philosophical and not religious. I accept George Pixley's interpretation of Judaism as our oldest recorded attempt to build a large-scale fully-binding social contract not negotiated with a monarch or ruling family. (God eventually gave the Jews a king, but only several generations after the contract that limited his prerogatives was clear. That he then broke it twenty different ways does not matter, because it survived his dynasty anyway. No one else seems to have done that, in that order.) [By domestication I mean when one species -- any species (we are not the only species that domesticates others http://www.nytimes.com/2002/10/15/science/before-adam-and-eve-the-farmers-were-termites.html) -- adapts the behavior of another for its own ends.] These two combine in Sextus Empiricus, who elaborated Pyrrhonism in a context cultivated by Academicism, and pretty much preaches a Western analog of Buddhist detachment (which in other ways, given its Greek roots falls far from Buddhism itself -- for instance something like civic peace, a group analog of individual peace and balance, seems to be valued over compassion, although a moderate obligation toward compassion is a corollary). So, the problem remains unsolved, and it is hard to imagine better applications of violence that have not been ruled out by what we already know about how people naturally react to being controlled with violence. (We know a lot. We have been doing it for a long time.) What is the difference between the two senses of discrimination -- the positive one of correctly addressing an identified difference, and the negative one of presuming difference where it might not exist? What is the difference between simply using known cultural patterns, and stereotyping? What is the difference between being prepared and prejudice? You seem to have conflated neutral terms with negative ones. So maybe we should simply step away from those terms. To limit the accumulation of debt, there was once a tradition in Jewish law to allow debts to only be held for so long, often 7 years, and for entire communities to release everyone's debts every 49 years and start over with a clean slate. Jesus is suggesting amplifying this, and not holding debts at all. In that (this) kind of state, the question of which way around to wrap the two systems is allowed for in the social contract itself. Personal conscience is primary, as long as it is honest. There may well be legal consequences to disobedience, but those consequences are limited by respect for your 'personal beliefs' up to the point where those beliefs threaten to make the entire social contract unenforceable.