Since the rest of philosophy bears up science when it becomes confused, without the rest of philosophy, it would eventually fail absolutely. The sciences really cannot be declared more effective than the very thing that makes them up, and upon which they rely to save them when they get stuck. And that thing is 'philosophy per se'. If the whole of reality is about negotiating power relations, and everyone is present to provide a perspective on reality and to attempt to assert will and live with maximal effect, that is not specifically about humans, it is about the nature of genetics. When our species is gone, power relations between genes or other forces will continue, as they existed before us. We rely heavily on the idea that there is an 'observer within' and that the body is just a device of the 'underlying soul' in many ways in common speech, in our religious thinking, and in other more subtle ways. For instance, our medical thinking about euthanasia is infected with the odd notion that a suffering human is unlike a suffering dog or other animal -- and that traces directly back to the doctrine of dualism and the separate soul. 1) Wilhelm Wundt is the first person to segregate out psychology as a specific part of philosophy and actively conduct experimental research in psychology in a way we would recognize today. A U.S. follower of his, William James, is often seen as the first thinker to conceive of psychology as a field of science that includes the full range of what we currently consider in psychology. He pretty much set the boundaries of what we now call psychology in is book "The Principles of Psychology". Foucault has not reached that point, or you would be seeing people rewriting him, stripping out the nonsense, the way you see secondary treatments of older philosophers that make more sense than the originals. Instead, he is best presented like Neitzche is by Kauffman (or the Gita is by everyone in the West) -- unmodified, but with a huge collection of contextualizing footnotes. We should let him lie there until his lies outweigh what is to be garnered from his consideration of them. (And we should, in fact, honor the power of those lies.) Eh. That is still not a common word or theory. I think it is contrived. But a certain set of principles was established enough that further philosophising in that context was temporarily ready to uniformly accept them. Everyone agreed that if you violate those principles, you are probably wrong. So we had, for the first time, something against which we could test this kind of idea fairly directly. And voila, philosophy becomes science.