Inflation - Presta had the edge way back before the days of plastic heads and computer engineering. In 2017, if your pump does not have a head that successfully inflates a Shrader every time, by a pump worth more than $1. 

Edit: Weight : Presta a marginally lighter, only you know why you care so much. 

Note: A 29'er would usually need a bigger disc than a 26" wheel for the same stopping power. 

The disadvantage of a bigger rotor is weight and as its larger, more prone to warping and distortion. 

Edit: Advanatges of thru axles 

Pressure - Its commonly stated that Presta is better at pressure - Schrader are used to contain pressures of over 600bar. They are used in MTB shocks (up to 250 PSI ) and you cars air conditioning unit (200PSI, expected no gas loss for a decade), so I think that myth is busted. 

One reason to go Thru axle is if you think the look is important. 

For actual riding, all else being equal, go for the thru axle. But I mean 'equal equal'. If you have got to the point you are going to flip a coin to decide kind of equal. 

For tubeless though, I think the balance swings to Schrader - bigger hole for putting the slime into the tire. Bigger hole for initial fast inflation to seat the bead. 

This applies to all disc brakes from bicycles to aircraft...... 

Keep in mind when reading internet about advantages of Thru axles, many reviewers base their description on a new bike (or fork) vs old bike (or fork), and attribute all the change to the through axle. Those that do robust comparisons are professional riders. Most riders will not feel the difference. So in terms of what you have asked - there will be no practical difference between the bikes because of the rear axle. 

Simply put a bigger rotor provided better braking, and a four pot caliper provides better braking - better meaning more, and more control (Everything else being equal). 

For a bicycle, there comes a time where you have "enough", and quickly get to "too much" - with high quality equipment its a surprisingly small disk for most people. Big disks a more prone to warping and damage, which is a good reason not install them unless you need to. 

Edit: I recently saw some discussion regard discs on road bikes, and some basic physics indicate over heating is a major problem with hydraulic disc brakes and descending large heights (100's of meters vertical) causing the fluid to boil. Extra cooling from a larger rotor would help, but is likely to be just a small part of the answer.