On the other hand, if we suppose that she indeed doesn't believe in Sikh (and just as unreal label ...), consequently it can be elucidated based on available info. in the answer that she is neither Muslim (nor Ahlul-Kitab). So, according to the rule of ... she as a non-Muslim cannot marry a man Muslim. 

3: The suitor considers that the girl won't reject him 

Certification of two just (fair) men or four just women; but they ought to declare the condition of breasting feed as well. E.g. we have seen that child has drank from the breast of that woman for 24 hours and has not eaten another thing between his/her feeding (beside the other conditions which has stated at the issue #2483 of the reference). 

The first one consists of People of the Book 

According to the Fatwa(view) of Ayatollah Makarem Shirazi: 

According to Islam (Shia view), on the whole, speaking intimately(for marriage) will be permissible if: Your intention is serious(real) for the marriage, (of course solely at the level of acquaintance and also without the intention of pleasure, if he does not fear that he perhaps falls into a sin with her). As a result, in the mentioned way, you can talk to her with observation of the mentioned items. 

Initially you’d better notice that lying is considered as a haram act, then you should observe this matter. From the viewpoint of Islam, to save-facing (credit), we are not allow to express our committed sins, and solely ask Allah to forgive us (as @Ansari declared). Then you ought not to mention your bad past times. Of course it could be surveyed from another aspects such as: 

Reciting the following Surahs: al-Falaq, a-Naas. (many times) 

And marry the unmarried among you and the righteous among your male slaves and female slaves. If they should be poor, Allah will enrich them from His bounty, and Allah is all-Encompassing and Knowing. (32) 

With that in mind, the other actions/activities you described could be thought of as less innocent than the "touching" action. So if touching is such a major sin, I'd hate to even try to imagine what kind of punishments would be better than those other actions. 

Lets start with touching, as that sounds like the most innocent of actions you've described in your question: 

So basically, for you to die by getting stabbed in the head with an iron needle is better than touching a non mehram woman. So the most innocent of actions such as touching sounds like a pretty major sin! i.e, you're better off dying by getting an iron needle stuck in your head, than to touch a non mehram woman... 

Source: http://islamqa.info/en/36648 

I hope this helps you see how major the sins are for the actions you've described. 

Can or Is the marriage contract in Islam considered a prenuptial agreement? 

For example, if in the contract it does not include any details on what will happen in a divorce situation other than the dowry belonging to the female, can such a contract be considered a pre-nup? 

I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. 

It's a complicated issue. Outdoor sex in the middle of a forest is clearly at the other end of the spectrum from sex on a crowded beach. But both can be interpreted as sex in public places. 

you and your partner may be exposing your awrah; 

This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

Islam Q&A includes some specifics: 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. 

Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both.