The first airborne assault occurred at approximately 5 a.m. on 9 April 1940, when a German battalion were dropped on the Danish island of Masnedø, where they stormed the coastal fortress and took control of the Storstrøm Bridge. Having met no resistance there, the first opposed airborne assault took place slightly later when the Germans landed at Sola Air Station and came under fire from the Norwegian base's defenders. 

A significant factor behind the rise of larger bloomeries was that Late Medieval Europe began harnessing the power of rivers - using waterwheels to power furnace bellows enabled larger blooms of steel to be produced. 

Note: During times of siege, livestock were often sheltered within the castle grounds, and slaughtered as needed for food. This was not exactly a sustainable source of food, however, nor could it feed an entire garrison for any length of time. 

[2]: The National Revolutionary Army fought all 22 major campaigns of the Sino-Japanese War and suffered about 3.3 million casualties. All 206 Chinese generals killed in action were members of the Chinese Nationalist Party. The Communist formation of 18th Army Group took part in just one campaign, Taiyuang. Their role in the war was above all growing their own strength, both militarily and in terms of political capital. 

Ideally I'm looking for a good (well referenced) single resource such a book or web page on animal use for military purposes; or a single "yes" answer with strikingly unusual/unexpected example. 

This is about personal ranged weapons (say, man-portable). Bows, rifles, muskets. 

Some strings attached as far as how you distribute the money 

If you mean "Is it justified Ethically", then it's not really a history related angle, so I'll just repeat "it depends on circumstances". 

Investment into local economy. 

Is there a confirmed historic record of using "non-standard" live animals for military purposes? 

Extra plus if the use was either a spectacular one-time success, or a stable practice for a specific culture/location/commander. 

Low interest loans (You borrow money you have to repay later but at ABSURDLY low interest rates compared to the rates you'd be paying had you tried to borrow the money yourself given your lack of collateral and low credit rating). 

Basically, unless russians got into knife fighting range, they were out-shot, severely so. So, the answer to your question of could they have done MORE damage by charging straight ahead is "quite possible". However, the other factors listed here means that they probably would still have lost the battle. 

[5]: They tended to do poorly against bigger or fortified groups, not just militarily but also due to a overcautious strategy. On the first day of the offensive, Communist forces numbering some 2-3000 attempted to storm the strategic Lady's Pass on the Great Wall. They might have overwhelmed the 200-strong garrison, except they retreated at the sight of 800 unarmed Japanese passengers disembarking from a nearby train station. Consequently the Japanese sortied on 22 August, when a 150 contingent of reinforcements arrived, and on 25th, when they routed a 700 men unit. The siege was abandoned after about a week. 

- Stacey, C. P. Official History of the Canadian Army in the Second World War. Ottawa: Queen's Printer, 1955. 

- Nadler, John. A Perfect Hell: The True Story of the Black Devils, the Forefathers of the Special Forces. Presidio Press, 2007. and an ideal representative in 

On the other hand, the battle was most likely not a cavalry charge. Despite popular mythology, riders made up less than 10% of the Takeda army. Whether the clan even conduct mounted combat at all is strongly disputed; but in either case, clearly Takeda Katsuyori did not have enough cavalry for the sort of sustained combat that Nagashino is supposed to have been.