It's based upon the equity those hands have against a random hand (or specific ranges of hands). You can check specific hand equities with tools like ProPokerTools. 

If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. 

You can find examples which illustrate this for the entire set of possible starting hands here: 

http://seoblackhat.com/texas-hold-em-poker-statistics/ 

In all games I've ever played, if a player is all in for less than one big blind, players must still call an amount equal to one big blind and the minimum raise is still to two big blinds as usual. 

http://wizardofodds.com/games/texas-hold-em/2-player-game/ 

To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot. 

Blind chopping is typically allowed in most brick and mortar card rooms. Online I am not aware of any card room that has gone through the trouble of implementing a blind chopping feature. 

Poker: How to play poker and other gambling games 

Chopping blinds at least in Nevada is possibly against gaming regulations which do not allow the chopping of any pots accept in high low games. This may also be generally true in most poker regulatory regions. Roberts rules also state that chopping pots is prohibited. When ever you have a bet and a call which technically is what a big and small blind is, splitting the blinds is indeed splitting the pot. 

Roberts rule book suggests: 28. Speaking a foreign language during a deal is not allowed. 

If the best five cards you have, are not better then another players best five cards you loose the pot. If your five best five cards are the same as another players best five cards you split the pot. 

If the problem is during a hand, the hand can be declared dead. Minor infractions such as to many or to few cards, that are obvious just result in a dead hand. With more serious things the hand may also be declared dead and there is no claim to the pot for the cheater, and thus the pot is won by the usual determinations between remaining players. The floor person may try other things like splitting the pot etc. but they really have no authority beyond the scope of the pot on the table. Indeed unless someone is pressing charges, they have to cash out the player, they can't keep the players chips or cash.