It is now widely known that the New Testament gospels were all anonymous, and remained so until attributed to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John later in the second century. Even conservative commentators accept that the authors of Mark and Luke were not present during the mission of Jesus. And as this Wikipedia article states, the majority of modern scholars believe it is unlikely that Matthew's Gospel was written by an eyewitness. Rex Wyler says in The Jesus Sayings, page 119, that Eusebius applied the name John to the fourth gospel, citing Irenaeus, who allegedly heard this from Polycarp in Smyrna, but points out that no evidence from Irenaeus or Polycarp substantiates these claims. Raymond E. Brown says in An Introduction to the New Testament, page 362, that in the last two centuries the majority of scholars have shifted towards the position that John was not authored by an eyewitness. Thus, all four gospels were written by anonymous authors who were not eyewitnesses to the events they wrote about. Augustine said (Contra Faustum, XI.5) that any biblical contradiction must be the result of imperfect copying from the original, imperfect translation or just an inability to understand the text correctly, but he went even further than this. He knew that the Septuagint (LXX) differed from the Hebrew texts, but insisted that both were divinely inspired. Bertrand Russell says, in History of Western Philosophy, page 358, that Augustine accepted the story of the miraculous agreement of the seventy independent translations and considered this a proof that the LXX was divinely inspired. If the LXX differs from the Hebrew texts, it is not because the LXX might have been imperfectly translated from the original, but because Ptolemy's copyists made mistakes in transcribing the Septuagint. 

The first to realise that there was a problem seems to have been Tertullian (160-240 CE), but he makes no suggestion that manuscripts might be imperfect copies of the autographs. Tertullian said that some variation is acceptable, as long as there is agreement in the essential matter of the faith: 

Ignatius died in 107 CE. At a time when commoners rarely lived beyond about 50 years, the tradition that he was born in 35 CE means that he was executed at the age of 72, after withstanding the rigours of captivity that would have killed a much younger man. There being no evidence that he was really born in 35 CE, f we make a different guess at his date of birth, say 57 CE, and assume that he was ordained at the age of 20, then his ordination as a deacon would have taken place around 77 CE - after Peter and the other apostles were probably all dead. 

Augustine appears to have been the first to make this distinction as now understood. Various other Church Fathers up to the time of Augustine were unanimous in considering the scriptures perfect and inerrant, with no apparent thought that the manuscripts known to them differed in any way from the autographs. They include Clement of Alexandria (150-215), Clement of Rome (150-250), Origen (184–254) and Jerome (347–420). Where I may, with respect, disagree is in the statement that the Gospel writers were all eyewitnesses to Jesus - or even that just two of them were. So we can say the idea that demons and angels are the same thing came from The Book of Watchers, inspired by Genesis 6:1-4, was developed by Justin Martyr, and finally became Christian doctrine in the fifth century. Wikipedia states that Theodoret of Cyrrhus reported that St. Peter appointed Ignatius to the episcopal see of Antioch. However, Theodoret lived during the fifth century, centuries after the time of Ignatius, and could not be regarded as a good historical source. Perhaps Ignatius was ordained by an apostle, but we have no way of knowing.