1 Corinthians 8:6 (NASB) yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom are all things and we exist for Him; and one Lord, Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we exist through Him. 

Mark 13:32 (NASB) "But of that day or hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but the Father alone." 

God is One Critics of trinitarianism will point to there being almost no mention of any "persons of the Godhead" in the Old Testament (exceptions: Ge 1:26, Ge 11:7), and many instances of there being only one God. They will describe the three "persons" of the Trinity as being three separate gods because they are not a single, identical individual. 

I posit that "rest" here means something like "at rest" (i.e. an object that is not moving) as opposed to relaxing or sleeping. He "rested" because he had (v2) "completed His work which He had done" and there was nothing left to do. He "ceased" from working because his work was finished. 

If we accept this (unproven here) conclusion, then God gave humans free will in order that they might be capable of genuinely loving him. True love is voluntary, so in order for us to be capable of loving God, we also had to be capable of something else, including rebellion/sin. 

Illogical Some will argue that it just doesn't make sense (1+1+1=1?) and that God is not a god of confusion, and so since the idea of the Trinity is less emphatically asserted in the text (compared to Jesus' divinity, the need for Salvation, etc.), it is not an idea that ought to be embraced. 

Having clarified what God's anger is in the bible as clearly understood by any who read it, the question becomes wether or not God's punishment of sin as described by the word 'anger' is an accommodation or not, beyond the normal sense in which everything in scripture to a degree must be an accommodation to humans as it is written in human language. In other words is God's anger an accommodation more so then say for example, God's patience or God's eternal councils? 

In the first use God is said to speak to Moses 'face to face' that is not from some distant position as in a dream, or vision but speaking audibly to him while under some visible form. In other words, God spoke to Moses like a person does who is having a conversation. God spoke out of a burning bush, out of a pillar of cloud, ect. and he spoke as in conversation between friends. That is Moses could ask questions, God would answer, the conversation would continue, ect. Speaking face to face was not the normal mode which God communicated with men, or later prophets.