Just like Artificially-Intelligence robots/computer programs make their own (partially non-automated) decisions even though they're the "created" by us, by Humans! e.g, if you give an AI program some input, it will make decision and give output, if you give it the same input after a period of time, it might make a different decision and give a different output. They're not really "automated", and we, their creators, may not be able to predict that output. That's somehow similar to the case we are discussing; Allah created us, but He didn't "automate" us, He granted us brains (minds), we have our own will, and we make our own decisions. Thus Allah judges us. The difference between the two cases ("Humans created AI programs" and "Allah created Humans") is that Humans don't know AI programs' decisions, while Allah knows what we will do. 

Hope that's clear enough, and hope I haven't missed up anything or said anything not true (may Allah forgive me). 

So obviously yes, Qur'an refers specifically to the orbit, i.e, the round way/road which sun and moon move (float) in. 

But how could Humans have their own will while they're the creations of Allah? 

Note: any improvements/discussions to this answer are most welcome. 

I'll quote It's meaning from the Major Arabic dictionary Lisan Al-Arab (completed in 1290 - 688 Hijri): 

Allah (the only, unique God in Islamic beliefs), created/creates two types of creations: 

But since Allah knows what we will do, doesn't that mean that he pre-determined our actions? 

Let's liken (just to make it closer to mind) this to the case when you give your son the freedom to make some decision, while you already can predict what his decision will be. The difference between god and creation is that a creation can predict something in the future but not know it for real, while Allah knows, has the ultimate knowledge of, the future for real. 

Yes definitely Allah is the All Knowing, He knows every thing in the past, present, and future. But knowing something doesn't necessarily mean doing (or determining) it. Allah knows what will happen in the future because He is God, He is the Perfect, not becuase he determined it. You you can imagine that He predicts our actions, and his prediction is always 100% true and successful (but please don't believe it, since Allah doesn't predict, but Knows, has the ultimate knowledge). 

And your quoted verse i.e. Qur'an 49:14 is talking about hypocrites or treachery. 

Let's define things clearly first... 

That is the intent of the ayah. (As far as I know) 

Well from the above definition, along side not having Iman, it seems you can successfully pretend to be a Muslim. 

And from other verses e.g. 39:9 we can infer that knowledge is also about knowing the right God, knowledge of hereafter and knowledge about how to live a life as commanded. 

The questioner was Jibrael(Gabriel)(AS), who came to teach Prophet's(peace be upon him) Companions what they fail to ask(such basic questions). 

Talking without references, it is said that there are 124,000 prophets all together from the beginning. 

Again, from 39:49 (alone) we can show that, God gives knowledge to whom he wishes as he wishes. God may give a person any one or both types of knowledge as he wishes. 

I believe just by possessing religious knowledge one cannot tackle a worldly problem of sustenance. So, in the above verse, we could infer that 'knowledge' being referred to is knowledge in general, i.e. life sustaining knowledge. Other examples include Qur'an 96:1-4. 

Muslim: = "One who follows Al-Islam" 

We can take help of Muhsin Khan's translation to understand. 

But, there are a lot of people who don't care to fall in prostration to Allah. Taking the worst case example of atheists. So, where am I going wrong? 

The death is referring to in common any person of the people of scripture. 

But to attain other aspects of Al-Islam, yes not everyone will be aware of things in the very beginning. So, it is the job of fellow Muslims near them to remind them about the Islamic ways. 

Interested in Sunni explanation. 

Since, we've heard only about Prophet Isa(peace be upon him) as the chronological Prophet after Prophet Moosa(peace be upon him) and before Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) does not mean there weren't other prophets in this time gap. Who knows some prophet(peace be upon him) was sent to one of the dense forests of South America, but we do not know or are not notified about. All we know for sure is the fact that Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was the last and a seal. 

Every person of the people of scripture (especially Jews) must believe in Jesus (pbuh) before his (person's) death comes and may also imply that Christians must believe in Jesus (pbuh)(and his message of worshiping One God) perfectly. 

This verse is picked from the sequence 4:153 to 4:162 and all these verses are talking about Jews in particular. 

Well Iman is just having belief in Allah, messengers, books, hereafter. Mumin, it would suffice to say the shahada(literally understanding it) then he is considered Believer.