How much of the 2012 deficit would that cover? $31.87B/$1121B = 2.84% 

The rate was also cut earlier (2001), but that was during real estate bubble when HUD didn't have a concern over solvency that it had since 2007. Aside from 75% of aid being spent to buy weapons from US companies, that aid is used by US military-industrial complex to generate tangible economic benefits by giving US veto power over Israel's military technology exports - which sometimes are due to security concerns (e.g. China), but sometimes simply to aid the export competitiveness of US companies. First of all, this dovetails with the whole idea of what LLC (limited liability) is for - you are removing the liability for what happens in the company from falling on company owners, thus allowing them to take on operating risk they would be hesitant to do so otherwise, thus improving commerce. 

As far as tangible manufacturing for export: this is covered here in great detail. Especially download "Foreign Trade" FT900 report from Census Bureau, it has "Exibit 7: Exports of Goods by End-Use Category and Commodity". 

Much of what USA produces isn't for export (too expensive to compete with Chinese manufacturing). To be free, in contrast, is to be able to act according to one’s own decisions and plans, without having to seek the approval of any higher authority (CL p. 59) 

The purpose of granting CEOs stock options is two-fold: 

In other words, if there is an action that a CEO could take to benefit himself as an employee; at the expense of shareholders, they might be tempted to take it - especially if the benefit exceeds their expected future earnings as CEO. If you also include those less-fat fatcats making between $500K-$1M/year into that - which gets you close to 1% of income earners (~400k+) so it's a valid inclusion given the usual discourse on incomes - you don't win all that much extra - total of 3.25% (or $36.39B) of 2012 yearly Federal deficit. another reason is that is likely simply wouldn't work. 

NOTE: This answer makes 5 assumptions:  

IRS doesn't have later years' data yet, so we will use 2010. 

Hayek never explained his support for UBS outright. However, it's unquestionable that he firmly supported UBS. Private debt is the money that private entities owe. The only ones that are affected by having to pay it are those who incurred it, not other people (taxpayers). 

Richard Perle, a senior Pentagon official in the Reagan administration, explicitly stated: 

What the DO oppose are two things, each of them DIFFERENT from "alternative energy": 

Tax Brackets, adjusted for inflation, were (src): 

But in our world, coercion can only be minimized, not eliminated, and the coercion of some individuals by others can often be held in check only by the use of coercion itself (CL, p. 59). 

It's an important concept, as Wikipedia reminds us, As such, if 100% of campaign money raised was spent as part of the federal budget, it would cover less that 0.1% (1/1000th) of said budget, even if we only cover "important spending on the people" and not entire budget.