Your problem doesn't seem to be with philosophical naturalism as such, but rather with some kind of Naive Realism about generalizations in scientific language. And in this, you would be in good company. You can have a look at the SEP Article on Tarski's definitions for a more worked-through explanation of the mathematical project he was trying to build. A concrete instance of how this kind of reasoning sheds light on practical problems in mathematical logic is in the idea of reducing quantified logical sentences to a Skolem Normal Form, which massively simplifies the problem of automated theorem proving. We can do this because Skolemized sentences are "equisatisfiable" with their quantified counterparts. In effect, any arbitrary sentence is a theorem of the system you've proposed. Something doesn't seem right there. When we say of some proposition, say that the tree outside my window has yellow leaves, that it is the case, what we mean to say is that there is a metaphysical state of affairs such that the parts are related in the relevant ways - that the tree and its leaves (or whatever parts or atoms we take to constitute the tree and leaves) are in the arrangement that we take to amount to the tree having yellow leaves. The aim here is to find some sort of Diagonalisation procedure (the SEP article on Godel might be useful here) as applies to the domain of "powers"; we try to find some kind of power that can be defined in terms of the others but is somehow in contradiction with their universal closure. In this respect, your intention and technique in generating paradox is echoed in the paradoxicality of other notions such as naive versions of truth (the liar paradox), sets (Russell's Paradox) and computation (the Insolvability of the Halting Problem). The actual substance of the dual worlds aspect is not really fully fleshed out by Beall - he thinks the value of the semantics is mostly to give an account of a properly deflationary truth predicate, and interpreted semantics is the job of theory builders rather than logicians. But he hints at possible ways of reading it, and thinks the idea of a Truthmaker is a valuable starting point. Tarski's work was presenting a way in which we might take our formulae of first order logic and understand what mathematical sense we might make of them. Tarski started by presenting the idea of a Model, as being an algebraic characterisation of a domain of objects, relations over and between those objects, for a class of names, constants and relation/property terms in our logical language, and a notion of an interpretation function that connects the various terms in our language to either objects or relations in our model. Both of these sentences have meanings such that we know where we would need to go and look, independently, in order to determine whether they came out true or false. However, since it turns out that they are in fact mutually dependent on one another for their truth value, it will turn out that they are both Ungrounded sentences when we theorise about them in a Kripkean theory of assigning truth values. Many classical logicians following a similar line to Donald Davidson's reading of Tarski have tried to couch truth theories in an Axiomatic way - we capture the structure of a theory of truth satisfying particular desirable properties and remain agnostic as to whether any such theories correspond to any definable single property, or whether they capture everything that there is to say about a particular language or system of propositions, sentences or assertions. If you're in principle happy to accept the arguments Field and Priest present, but would like to see more developed versions of the replacements for the principles they reject, these theories might be interesting in describing hypothetical systems of truth that some Paracomplete or Paraconsistent theory might ultimately instantiate. Meanwhile, classical logicians are evaluating them in abstraction to consider their proof-theoretic strengths and extracting potential applications. There's a slightly dated SEP article on some of the work in this field which should be of some interest if you're keen on exploring further. The difference is a subtle one but methodologically important. There is a distinction in metaphysics between how the world is and how statements or propositions about the world latch on or describe that world. Looking in depth at the former is a different philosophical investigation (which might be driven by the physical sciences) to the latter (which is more geared towards the cognitive sciences). When you do this, you can see the behaviour of negation as an instance of a De Morgan law in boolean algebra. So the condition for the negation of the above would be that which satisfies both "it's not the case that more than two library books are overdue" and "it's not the case that two library books are overdue", which means it's got to be strictly less than two.