Following the recent discussion in the third US Presidental Debate about the size of the Navy, there actually seemed to be a good discussion buried in there. 

Pastoralists raise their own herd animals, which typically can subsist off off grasses. While this does require a great deal of mobility, if the terrain is right it allows a nation of pastoralists to have far more people than a hunter-gatherer socity. 

Yes, the USA has frankly engaged in unilateral military action so many times, it would be serious work just to count them all. 

According to Maddison, The UK's GDP passed France's sometime between 1700 and 1820 and Spain's by 1700. According to Bairoch, England's GDP passed France's between 1830 and 1840 and was far past Spain's by 1800 (when his numbers start). 

If you join the military you get free medical care while you are enlisted, and then you have a chance at the V.A. system. This is a totally separate healthcare system only available to veterans. It has its plusses and minuses (cheif minus being its really hard to get into), but it is the USA's only totally socialized medical system (hospitals are government-owned, and medical personnel are government employees), so it doesn't suffer from the weirdly skewed visits-and-tests priorities the rest of the USA's medical system has. 

Lastly, they do a lot of other little things. For instance there was a time when it was a quicker way to get US citizenship (yup, you don't have to be a citizen to join the Army!). I had some immigrant friends from Muslim countries who seriously considered this option. 

So a lot of Napoleanic-era tactics that may not make a lot of sense mathematically make a lot of sense when you factor in morale. For instance, the volley. Mathematically you'd be better off letting every man fire as fast as he possibly can, rather than making them all wait on a signal. However, there's a huge difference to the opposing unit whether your buddies around you are dying in dribs and drabs here and there, or in great big groups all at once. Volleys hit like a hammer rather than a steady rain. 

Your question mentions references in Shakespeare. The other work I know of from before 1800 that mentions it a fair bit is Voltaire's Candide. It is mostly a satirical send-up of the philosophy that this is "the best of all possible worlds". But in the process of burning that idea to cinders, war rape is invoked at least twice that I can remember. I believe the phrase that was used was "fulfilling the natural urges of soldiers", the implication being that this phrase was being used to justify it. 

The idea behind a French Column isn't to pour a lot of fire into the opposing unit. Instead, it is to concentrate the entire efforts of your unit into a small area (usually in the middle) of the enemy unit. The folks in the rest of the enemy unit may feel safer, but anyone at the point of impact looking at an entire French Column 50 or so men wide and hundreds deep making a beeline straight at their part of the line has a pretty good idea they are gonna die. A sensible human being (aka: all but the incredibly well-trained) looking at that will do whatever they can to get out of the way. 

But that presupposed the sort of professional armies trained and led by generals like the Duke of Wellington... 

2) Was Oman right back in the 19th century? Was this really that big of a deal? 

The problem here, as I understand Oman's logic, was that as Cavalry became more and more dominant, this made the Romans more and more dependent on foreigners for their military. Given the tradition of generals installing themselves as Emperor, it was only a matter of time before foreign generals started running things. 

I can address your confusion in latter part at least. 

This is actually a matter of some debate. There are some who say yes, and further it was really the stirrup that caused it all. There are others who say it wasn't, and the real problem was a demographic crash in the western Roman Empire, which could have been caused by economics, or plagues, or climate change, or all kinds of other things. 

I can think of at least one place where it would have been common. 

The greatest goal is to remove the enemy units from action. Now a unit (regiment, battalion, etc) obviously can be removed from action without killing every single person in that unit. How bad do you have to hurt them? That depends on oodles of factors (eg: training, experience, casualties, etc) that are often wound up into a big ball called "morale". 

As for their relative military performance, I'd argue that its more a matter of inclination than money. Scarcely 100 years earlier, tiny Sweden (with a tenth of the UK's GDP at the time) was a big-time military power in northern Germany, with arguably Europe's best army. 

Interestingly the official Marine hymn mentions two such military actions in the first line: The Mexican/American War, and the First Barbary War. 

Note that it is in fact a fairly reliable job too. The US Army doesn't often have layoffs. When big wars wind down and they need less people, they just dial back enlistment a notch and the numbers will naturally drop down to the desired level after a while. Even without large wars to fight, the USA has commitments to defend countries all over the world (eg: South Korea), so there's plenty of need for soldiers in "peacetime".