Goscha, Christopher E. "Belated Asian Allies: The Technical and Military Contributions of Japanese Deserters,(1945-50)." A Companion to the Vietnam War (2002): 37-64. Goscha, Christopher E. "Building force: Asian origins of twentieth-century military science in Vietnam (1905–54)." Journal of Southeast Asian Studies 34.03 (2003): 535-560. Spector, Ronald. In the ruins of empire: The Japanese surrender and the battle for postwar Asia. Random House LLC, 2008. Kamo, Tokuji. Kwangai Rikugun Shikan Gakkō: Betonamu No Senshi O Hagukumi Tomoni Tatakatta Kunenkan. Tōkyō: Akatsukiinshokan, 2008. Ikawa, Azuhisa "ベトナム独立戦争参加日本人の事跡に基づく日越のあり方に関する研究", 東京財団研究報告 (2005) 

Certainly. In fact there was even a whole series of Sacred Wars. On the other hand, the battle was most likely not a cavalry charge. Despite popular mythology, riders made up less than 10% of the Takeda army. Whether the clan even conduct mounted combat at all is strongly disputed; but in either case, clearly Takeda Katsuyori did not have enough cavalry for the sort of sustained combat that Nagashino is supposed to have been. Most of the officers who stayed served as military instructors for the Viet Minh forces, most notably at the Quảng Ngãi Military Academy. They imparted modern military science and training on their students. There were necessary conventional military knowledge such as how to conduct assaults, night attacks, company/battalion level exercises, commanding, tactics, navigation, communications and movements. In addition, they taught them how to fight against a superior enemy through sabotage, ambushes and raids. A few, however, actively led Vietnamese forces into combat. More specifically, the First Sacred War was fought by the Amphictyonic League against the city of Cirrha over the latter's mistreatment of religious pilgrims to Delphi. Delphi derived religious significance from its Temple of Apollo, which housed the famous Pythia - the Oracle of Delphi. 

During the First World War, King Albert I of Belgium assumed personal command of the Belgian Armed Forces. 

Among some of the more notable officers were: Not only did the war began with a distinctively religious cause, it also ended on a religious note as the lands of Cirrha were made sacred.