One way to do this is by running your computer looking for a 1-in-a-million possibility, then present what it finds without mentioning all the failed attempts. 

And more, He has extended the earth (far and wide also in the shape of an egg): -- translation by Syed Vickar Ahamed Because of that, We decreed upon the Children of Israel that whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption [done] in the land - it is as if he had slain mankind entirely. And whoever saves one - it is as if he had saved mankind entirely. And our messengers had certainly come to them with clear proofs. Then indeed many of them, [even] after that, throughout the land, were transgressors. -- Qur'an 5:32 

The Sun and the Earth both orbit around their barycentre (centre of mass). Since the Sun is far more massive than the Earth, the Earth has a lot wider orbit, and thus most people say the Earth orbits around the Sun. Due to the Earth's tilted axis of rotation, we experience this orbit through seasons (Summer, Winter, etc.) with longer/shorter periods of daylight. Terrorist groups identifying as Islamic: Al-Qaeda, Hamas, the Taliban. First, the Earth is not egg-shaped (it's very close to a sphere; an oblate spheroid with a small eccentricity), which is apparent from photographs, e.g.: 

The Moon also orbits the Earth, which is observable in the phases of the Moon (the side facing the Sun is brighter). In Islam, this is what gives rise to the lunar calendar (including when Ramadan starts and stops). 

The solar system (including the Sun and Earth) jointly orbit around the Milky Way's centre of mass. Indeed, we cannot see this directly (it takes about 225 to 250 million years to go around), but can detect it by comparing Doppler shift in stars' spectra (i.e., "these stars are going this way, these stars are going that way, and they form a circle"). This basically has nothing to do with anything (but isn't science fun). 

In regards to "to do their work", aside from the Sun providing a source of energy (which we couldn't live without), both the Sun and the Moon are responsible for tides. (Some animals use the Moon for navigation.) 

The Sufis by Idries Shah, page 445 (pdf), describes "seven stages of preparation" based on nafs (ego): 

Basically no. What people discover are spurious patterns, which are present in any work. So how is Islam a religion of peace? In regards to "each running unto an appointed term", it's generally accepted by scientists that the Sun will turn into a red giant in a few billion years, swallowing and destroying the Earth and Moon, then becoming a white dwarf. Assuming this is what eventuates, the Sun, Earth, and the Moon all literally have appointed terms. Question: Why do some translations of Qur'an 79:30 talk about the Earth being egg-shaped? Question: Where are the seven levels of the nafs in Sufism mentioned in the Qur'an? Indeed, the Qur'an repeatedly stipulates (I think over 100 times) that one should be striving to do good deeds. This is what Muslims do. Terrorists are noted for being active on social media (YouTube, Facebook, etc.) See, e.g. Wikipedia, Terrorism and social media. 

I didn't find it in The Sufis, and I couldn't easily access Wikipedia's other reference Heart, Self and Soul by Robert Frager. For whatever reasons, there are people who commit terrorism in the name of Islam. Terrorists facilitate the linking of terrorism and Islam by journalists by acting in highly visible ways, e.g.: 

and many, many more condemnations can be found by a Google search. The Wikipedia reference given is the book Daily Life in the Medieval Islamic World by J. E. Lindsay, 2005 (which is at Google Books), which basically says what it says in Wikipedia.