Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. Etiquette is a set of rules for how to behave rightly or wrongly that are generally understood to be less serious than moral rules. One way of making the distinction is to say that societies can differ radically in their rules of etiquette without any negative consequences, but not in their rules of morality; on this approach, rules of etiquette are defined as the rules that can vary among societies without any bad moral consequences. So, no society that allows punishing the innocent is a moral society, and such a society may not be a stable society. But one society can make it right to pass people on the right, and another society can make it right to pass people on the left, as a matter of etiquette, and it doesn't matter — all that matters is that there is some standard for how passing should work. Both, as explanations of aesthetically universally valid judging, are related to subjective grounds, namely on the one hand to those of sensibility, as it is purposive in behalf of the contemplative understanding, on the other, in opposition to those, as purposive for the ends of practical reason; and yet both, united in the same subject, are purposive in relation to the moral feeling. The beautiful prepares us to love something, even nature, without interest; the sublime, to esteem it, even contrary to our (sensible) interest. (Critique of the Power of Judgement, § 29, Ak. 5:267, Cambridge Edition p. 150-1) As the Oxford Handbooks are always a good start, I would go with it. The borderline of your freedom is the freedom of others. Popper is reformulating the old idea of a social contract: (Hobbes), Locke, Rousseau, Kant, Fichte, Hegel, Rawls. As long as the weltanschauung of others does not harm you in practical execution, you have to tolerate it, no matter how your feelings about it might be. That is why social contract theories are often theories of natural law, restricting practices, not opinions. That's the reason why the above mentioned cannot possibly be tolerated even in the widest sense. But dogmatism should not be tolerated in any way. Therefore instead of saying we must "break" the circle of life (which is probably as impossible as fighting, ending, etc. it) it could be better to say we must transcend it. It cannot be overcome from within, you have to get over it (in this very sense of the picture of transcendence). While your intentions may be quite concrete, your maxims are already abstract/general. Maxims of acts, according to Timmermann in "Sittengesetz und Freiheit" (no translation available as far as I know, while some of this may be included in his Cambridge Edition of the Groundwork for Metaphysics of Morals) include a given end and its chosen means. In your example: Summary This means basically that political authority (PA) entails political legitimacy (PL) plus the (either perceived, factual, or principal) right to be obeyed. At the same time, political legitimacy entails political power (PP) plus moral justification. Or, even shorter: Regarding the actual formula: The difference is, as already pointed out, the systematic interconnection by laws. You may be able to abstract from your subjective standpoint regarding one maxim, thinking it as a law of nature. The same with one maxim considering the end-in-itselfessness of rational beings. But it is another thing to think all this within a system of such laws and individuals. It highlights in some sense the consequences of my recognition as lawmaking in other rational beings. And second, though it would take much more time, you could glance and see whether at least some those mentions are generally positive, and most say something other than “it's rubbish.” Philosophers routinely criticize philosophers they respect and declare them wrong, so only some kinds of criticism signal lack of respect, and the existence of citations is a good measure of respect. But philosophers also occasionally also cite publications as part of arguing that certain positions or arguments are rubbish and not respectable, so the existence of citations is not a perfect measure. That's the one recent paper I know of. To search for other papers on any topic you might search the PhilPapers database. Etiquette is a set of rules for how to behave rightly or wrongly that are generally understood to be less serious than moral rules. One way of making the distinction is to say that societies can differ radically in their rules of etiquette without any negative consequences, but not in their rules of morality; on this approach, rules of etiquette are defined as the rules that can vary among societies without any bad moral consequences. So, no society that allows punishing the innocent is a moral society, and such a society may not be a stable society. But one society can make it right to pass people on the right, and another society can make it right to pass people on the left, as a matter of etiquette, and it doesn't matter — all that matters is that there is some standard for how passing should work. Kant works around Hume's problem by focusing on the idea of rationality. He argues that it is rational to act out of respect for duty and to respect rationality wherever it occurs. That is, his ending point is clearly at ought-statements, like that we ought to act out of respect for duty. The question is whether his starting point is merely descriptive—about what "is." Emotivists like Stevenson and Gibbard and Quasi-Realists like Blackburn are somewhat more sophisticated than this, but those are the basic positions. It is a matter of debate whether anything at all has intrinsic value. Some people claim that human lives have intrinsic value. Others claim that happiness has intrinsic value. If these or other things have intrinsic value, it would be unreasonable or incorrect not to value them.