Suppose, A batsman is on strike with 98 runs. The scores are level so the batting team requires only 1 run to win. Now suppose in the next ball, the bowler bowls a No ball and the batsman hits FOUR or SIX. Will the batsman reach to his century or not? 

The Test cricket is the oldest form of cricket. Which has a different taste of cricket from it's starting. Where cricket fans want to see pure cricketing techniques rather than hitting freely. So Free hit is not suitable in the Test cricket. Also ICC does not change rules of Test cricket as much as possible. That's why free hit is not implemented in the Test Cricket. 

Regarding shorts below knee: there was a rule for that (players' knickerbockers must cover their knees) in 19th century. Which was removed in earlier 20th century 

So if he carry the stump after playing the ball he is obstructing the field. The bowler may not deliver the ball underarm. If a bowler bowls a ball underarm the umpire shall call and signal no ball, and the ball is to be re-bowled overarm. 

When they had to chase the target in 14.3 overs why did they get extra delivery to win with better run rate? 

1. As per law 24.1(b) in lords.org. However, this is not specified in ICC's match playing conditions. 

From the law 24 in ICC's Match Playing Conditions PDF: (emphasis mine) *From Wikipedia: If the match is abandoned at any time after the toss, it stands as a match played. If a match is abandoned before the toss, it is not considered to have been played at all. 

So trousers are not allowed in football. So as per the laws he will be given out. 

So it will be considered as a SIX because the ball didn't touch the ground at all. 

(i) catches it within the boundary but either has some part of his person touching the boundary or grounded beyond the boundary when he catches the ball or, after catching it, subsequently touches the boundary or grounds some part of his person beyond the boundary while carrying the ball but before completing the catch. Law 4 - the players' equipments Click Next to see 

T20 cricket match is more about entertainment than a genuine cricket. Cricket fans want to see more runs (mostly in form of boundaries) rather than fine cricketing shots. And Free Hit allows the batsman to hit the ball without any fear of being out. So they can hit more and long boundaries if the bowler make mistake. 

If a batsman carries the stumps deliberately, he is actually obstructing the field. 

The size of the goalpost is 7.32 m (8 yds) x 2.44 m (8 ft). Other characteristics (taken from the same law): According to FIFA's Laws of the game PDF However, at that time bowling an underarm ball was legal but it was against the spirit of cricket. And it was deliberately bowled just to prevent New Zealand hitting a six on the last ball. That's why whole cricketing world was upset for that decision. For more see a Wikipedia article regarding that incident. 

So bowling a ball underarm is not legal. It is considered a no ball unless special agreement before the match 1.