Citations, including all book/chapter numbers for Cur Deus Homo, refer to Anselm of Canterbury: The Major Works (Oxford World's Classics). Human sin dishonours God and makes mankind his debtor Anselm defines sin as "nothing else than not to render to God his due" (1.11). Anselm summarizes the consequences of sin: Like others, the commentary specifically understands Paul to not be saying "that in the future every Jew will be saved," nor that he means all Jews in history, but rather the "Jewish people at a given point in time." This interpretation is based on the other uses of "all Israel" in the Septuagint, where the phrase does not necessarily mean every single Jewish person.6 Humanity cannot make the required satisfaction Anselm next addresses the issue of man's attempts to repay God. Good works cannot repay the debt, because God created man "out of nothing" and is his Master, and a slave's obedience to his master is expected: In C. S. Lewis's The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe (spoiler alert), the White Witch, the personification of the devil, says some interesting things: John 10:18 No one takes it from me, but I lay it down on my own. I have power to lay it down, and power to take it up again. The phrase "all Israel" in Romans 11:25–26 has been a source a significant disagreement in church history, particularly since the Reformation: What I'm saying today is that we must go from this convention and say, "America, you must be born again!" [applause] (Oh yes) Summary In summary, these two charismatic theologians believe in original sin, and thus that judgment is due to all men because all men have sinful natures and act sinfully. However, they suggest that provision may be made for children who die in infancy. One could speculate, based on this reasoning, that similar provision might extend to the mentally disabled, but neither author addresses that situation. But extending this logic to mean salvation for the unreached peoples of the world is certainly outside the teaching of these two theologians. Matthew 6:12 and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors When man fell, this purpose was apparently thwarted, leaving God with two options: either dispose of his creation, or "complete what he has begun." Anselm argues that it is "totally foreign to [God] to allow any rational type of creature to perish utterly," and therefore, God must finish what he started with respect to mankind. (2.4) Among Protestants, this view is commonly associated with dispensationalism. The Moody Bible Commentary says: All the Jewish elect The second view holds that "all Israel" refers to the elect of Israel only—that a future mass conversion of Jewish people, though not excluded, is not taught by the text. It is espoused primarily by some in the Reformed tradition, such as Herman Bavinck, Louis Berkhof,13 William Hendriksen, and Anthony Hoekema.14 First, we can safely say that Lewis was not particularly comfortable with the penal brand of substitutionary atonement. In the aforementioned chapter in Mere Christianity he writes that "this theory does not seem to me quite so immoral and so silly as it used to"2—hardly a ringing endorsement. That is, everyone is born into this sinful condition as a result of Adam's sin, and that sinful condition entails corruption of the "whole nature" as well as all the actual sins that are committed as a result. Ironically, disagreement is perhaps most heated with respect to the model displayed in The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe: Anselm's argument takes the following form: Is this actually the model of the atonement that Lewis preferred? It seems odd that a Protestant would adhere to a model largely displaced by others for the last thousand years. Anselm's satisfaction theory of the atonement is developed in his book, Cur Deus Homo, and, as presented, is not "based on the Bible" like we might expect. Instead, Anselm relies heavily on logic, and largely avoids citing Scripture to make his case. Note that I've corrected obvious spelling errors in the quoted material. Hoekema, relying on Hendriksen, also argues that using the phrase "all Israel" to describe an end-times conversion: Here's one example of how the two connect. Earlier we saw that King referenced the new birth of John 3 as being "a new set of values" and "a new adjustment to God, man, and self." For him, this lesson was just as applicable to a society as to an individual, as we see in the following excerpt from a speech entitled "Where Do We Go From Here?" (1967): Hope of individual salvation For King, the hope of this individual salvation was not physical resurrection, as taught in the historical church and among the fundamentalists of his day. Indeed, he rejected the idea of a physical return of Christ, a day of judgment, and the physical immortality of believers. Instead, he expected an immortal "spiritual existence" of some kind, and described the future kingdom of God as follows: It is necessary that God brings to completion his purpose for humanity. Next, Anselm turns to the necessity of God completing his purpose for mankind. He argues that God's purpose for mankind includes filling heaven with a predetermined number of angels and men. The salvation of men, he says, does not depend on the Fall of angels, and there will be more elect men than fallen angels. He interacts with objections based on the "angels of God" reading found in the Septuagint of Deuteronomy 32:8 ("determined the limits of the peoples according to the number of the angels of God"), and argues that men can be considered "angels of God" in the same way that Judas was called a "devil" in John 6:70. (1.18)