So, Kant's critique of pure reason is, in fact, a critique of pure theoretical reason. Kant's theoretical-practical distinction is not a Kantian innovation, but was customary at the time (and has been ever since in German speaking philosophy). However, always keep in mind that Kant was a transcendental idealist, not to be confused with an "esse est percipi"-idealism á la Berkeley. The various modes of reason inform also his systematics of the sciences: theoretical (θεωρία), practical (πρᾶξις) and productive (ποίησις) knowledge. theoretical (theoretisch) and practical (*praktisch) pure (rein) and applied/empirical (angewandt/empirisch) Kant distinguishes between theoretical and practical reason. But those two types of reasons are "ultimately one and the same reason which has to be distinguished simply in its applications".1 Those reasons can, further, be "pure" or "applied". As a first approximation, this distinction can be understood in analogy to the a priori/a posteriori distinction. (Be aware that Kant branches these distinctions the other way around too: there is pure and non-pure reason, which can be uses in a theoretical and in a practical way.) 1 "… am Ende nur eine und dieselbe Vernunft…, die bloß in der Anwendung unterschieden sein muß" (Grundleg. zur Met. d. Sitt., Vorr., p. 19). Please note Because you write that I. Kant, Ueber den Gebrauch teleologischer Prinzipien in der Philosophie, 1788. Kant uses two orthogonal distinctions: Kant's argument is not about cognition in any "naturalized" sense of the term. Kant is not interested in asserting an empirical hypothesis that might be somehow verified by empirical means (that would have been an "empirical deduction", as Kant calls it, which Hume already showed to fail for apriori concepts). The theoretical sciences include prominently what Aristotle calls first philosophy, or metaphysics as we now call it, but also mathematics, and physics, or natural philosophy. Physics studies the natural universe as a whole, and tends in Aristotle's hands to concentrate on conceptual puzzles pertaining to nature rather than on empirical research; but it reaches further, so that it includes also a theory of causal explanation and finally even a proof of an unmoved mover thought to be the first and final cause of all motion. Many of the puzzles of primary concern to Aristotle have proven perennially attractive to philosophers, mathematicians, and theoretically inclined natural scientists. As the relevant SEP entry on Aristotle states: Briefly, in The Transcendental Deduction Kant wants to show that the "pure concepts of the understanding" (aka categories), which he derived from the logical forms of judgement in the previous chapter (The Metaphysical Deduction), actually apply to our experience. It is important to note that "pure" is not a synonym for "theoretical".