As you can see, you are not required to prove your citizenship here either. You can bring utility bills. You can bring student ID cards (which, obviously, don't require one to be a citizen). 

Often enough it is about what's know as "signaling" (expressing your {dis}approval of something via the most visible or striking way possible). That can be intrinsic (a need to express strong feelings/opinion) or extrinsic (signaling other members of one's tribe that you share those feelings/opinion). 

Caveat: Obviously, the whole thing is entirely within Executive Branch. So, there's nothing that says the administration can't say "Oh, and this order doesn't apply to Australia deal, at all". I'm not aware of anything like that happening at the moment, and it's unlikely based on general ideas behind the order; but only time will tell conclusively. 

Partly, because a lot of things just need time to achieve, even the quick ones. 

As such, Trump is at best an unknown quantity, with chances of not being as good for Putin's goals as Obama and Clinton were. After all his stated slogan is "Making America Great Again", which is contrary to both Obama and Clinton's rejection of American Exceptionalism approach; AND contrary to Putin and most Russian's view that the world is a zero sum game and anything making America better automatically is worse for Russia. 

Modern cognitive psychology disputes that assumption, greatly. Especially when it comes to core tribal identity issues, which include (or are led by) politics. 

If Romney has no idea how he's invested, he can't be accused of doing things to benefit his finances, either by law or by political opponents (or mass media members, but I repeat myself). So it was a great pre-emptive move on his part to defend against either possibility of damage. 

As such, how they are treated visavi Trump's order, would depend on where they are from. Current reporting (which isn't based on the actual order, so may change) lists the order as being restricted to refugees from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen. 

Or, Congress gets upset at this and passes the law limiting how much FCC fines can be or some other limitation to prevent this. 

More than 3 months, and attention span wavers. 

While these all are photo IDs, none of these are restricted to citizens. But, as per above, you don't even need a photo ID. 

On August 3, 1948, Whittaker Chambers, a former U.S. Communist Party member, testified under subpoena before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) that Hiss had secretly been a Communist, though not a spy, while in federal service. Called before HUAC, Hiss categorically denied the charge. When Chambers repeated his claim on nationwide radio, Hiss filed a defamation lawsuit against him. 

Note that this isn't a comprehensive solution or a likely one: 

Full list of allowable documents (both photo IDs as well as address proofs) are listed in "ยง 20107. Standards for Proof of Residency or Identity When Proof Is Required by Help America Vote Act" linked above; 

Of course, there are requirements that come with the Federal form itself, so let's check them out. There are 2 relevant pieces: