Edit: has this been implemented now, as @Ben suggests in his comment? I've lost track. This is unnecessary, and I'm absolutely sure is one of the contributing factors why some people turn away from Meta after first contact, and never return. Show comment flags publicly, as small symbols next to the comment. Allow users to cast more flags, or dispute them. By the way, IIRC, SO has been making a profit for a long time already just through ad sales and tags. It's always been my impression that normal moderation has always been enough to deal with problematic content on Meta. Currently, the number of "votes cast" excludes votes on deleted content. Once something gets deleted that you voted on, that vote vanishes from your stats. This of course happens frequently especially with down-votes - if you're a good voter, stuff you downvote often ends up getting deleted. The list of "my accounts" growing massive for every user Maybe for a bit of ego-stroking, the profile page can show how many users follow you. Or even who. Everything else would simply be kept under wraps - no publication of follower data in the data dump, no follower leagues or anything like that. It would have to be a mere reminder, though, and not block the deletion. The OP needs to be able to delete the question if they want. Would this make sense in general? Now by requiring attribution even for our own content posted on the network, the clause effectively takes away that non-exclusivity. (or at least tries to.) This changes the nature of the license fundamentally, and may even be in violation of Creative Commons' terms of use - as long as the limitation is there, they may not be allowed to use the Creative Commons logo and license: Possible features (feel free to edit and/or make CW): A styled JS embed for the "education" table Among other things, that would lead to I do not know Ruby on Rails well, so if I'm wrong here, feel free to correct me. This is a bad idea for two reasons. We probably all agree that when a new user gets into trouble - seeing their question downvoted or closed - it's great if someone experienced leaves a verbose comment explaining what went wrong, especially when the person in trouble is acting in good faith, trying to be a good citizen but not yet quite grokking SO's culture. Introduce a new filtered view somewhere, named "Recommended". The view will show me all questions that my followed users are recommending. ... and have no upvoted comments (a polite, verbose comment usually gets upvotes) important comments might have been added to the Stack Overflow page since you scraped the page. Allow every SO user to follow any other SO user with a certain minimum rep, say 3000. As long as it's possible to bring up and discuss mod mistakes through the usual channels - and I think it is- I don't see a reason to grade mod work. Should a moderator be completely and consistently out of line, one can complain either here or to the team. Provide commenters with feedback on deleted comments - perhaps a system message in the inbox detailing which comment was deleted: I suggest adding a second, anonymous linking option: Re your update re grading the action, not the mod: That sounds sensible, but shouldn't be done through a grading system either IMO. A formalized system of contesting a decision might make sense, thus forcing a second moderator to look at it, if the need is there. I personally haven't had any reason to contest a mod decision yet so I can't speak to the necessity. It can't be expected that every person in need be helped that way. It's impossible to provide custom-tailored help for everyone at 7k+ questions a day. Still, it's nice when it happens. Still, I was thinking whether, in an attempt to channel the positive attitude into more productive areas, it would be worth showing a tooltip on the third upvote for the same person within time frame x: Secondly, a grading system would say nothing about the quality of the mod's work. It would just record the discontent of those affected by the decision. The similarity of Stack Overflow with a Death Star is entirely coincidental. A: Yes. CC licenses are nonexclusive. Licensors always have the option of entering into different, separate arrangements for the sharing of their works in addition to applying a CC license. Update: @devinb makes the good point that "saying thanks" is not the only possible reason for serial upvoting, and the message wouldn't make sense then. The point still stands: Your votes aren't going to count, and when it comes to up voting (which is always some sort of positive behaviour, however misguided if done indiscriminately) I think it's fair to inform people of this. Now, there is a small number of users on Stack Overflow who I, as a user, know share my basic values (like, teaching a man to fish rather than fishing for them); I also know they are experts in their fields. It is safe to assume that what these users regard an interesting question worthy of attention, is likely to be interesting to me as well.