One could go on on on separating love produced by the Spirit and mere human affection, but I am sure we can start to see the diference. 

My fellow Calvinists may accuse me of being non Calvinistic and shocked at my fully support God's boundless love for all men, but I say just because I am a Calvinist does not mean I follow every single thought and conjecture of Calvin as though he was a God.  God forbid that I would deny God's love, no matter who speculated against it.  What I beleive is absolute eternal election of those to salvation and those to hell, yet at the same time beleive in God's love for all men and think it is unbiblical to deny it.  It appears that I contradict myself but so did Luther so I am in good company. 

I think we must take the trees as literal but also symbolic because of God's promises annexed to them. The tree of life represented the case of Adam obtaining eternal life by obedience to God and in resisting the tree of death. In other words Adam could never be allowed to eat from the tree of life so the concern is hypothetical only, God would never and could never, have allowed it. God is saying 'Now that Adam is a sinner he must not obtain eternal glory as a holy saint, reversing the effects of eating from the other tree.  No my judgment must stand, there are no second chances.  Adam must die as I warned him he would if he had sinned.  Adam can't work his way back into life but must be thrown out of the garden entirely.' If Adam could have eaten from the tree than according to the promise God annexed to it, Adam would have been born again against God's means of actually providing it, so it could never happen. If Adam had resisted sin and eaten from the tree of life than we would have all been born sinless and no Messiah would have been required. 

To confirm Luther's view against God's love for only some: 

That is why the gospel as delivered by Apostles is commonly called 'the word of the Lord'. In fact this is its most common title within the book of Acts. So it is quite obvious just as Prophets used to deliver (and record in as scripture) the word of God, so did the Apostles under the New Covenant. It is not by some weird coincidence that we have our Bibles arranged the way we do; God has ensured we have his word. It is the scripture per the original Biblical meaning. The New Testament is even more useful for correcting etc., as it is a fuller revelation. However this does not make the New Testament is more 'the scriptures' for it is all of them that are from God and therefore useful. 

Christian love causes actions not just sentiments. And this from faith, not mere self righteousness and a desire for the respect and love of others. 

Many books have truths in them. God gave us minds full of many truths. Even animals are born with innate truths within them. Yet when all these truths are written in all the libraries and data repositories, all of them combined are as a single penny compared to the unmeasurable weight of diamonds filling every word of scripture. As we properly estimate this immeasurable difference between scripture and any extra biblical work which it might use in its arguments, we would see that it is impossible to pass on any of its glory to them. When the scripture refers to the opinions of men, they are still 'mere opinions of men'. 

Just to show not every Calvinist sided with Calvin on this point, but rather was more along the lines of Luther, here is another famous Calvinist.