This takes a bit more work, but it really teaches them. Most kids will be all too happy to just copy you or follow your lead and never gain an understanding of the work. The best way to avoid it is to do absolutely none of their actual work. I have two competing interests here and I'm not entirely sure how to handle this. On one hand I feel that the short answer, to questions about gods, of "some people believe that, but it's not true" is not only factually accurate, but protects them from the minority of people who would try to indoctrinate them as children. I also want to expose my children to various religious texts and mythology for their literary value, but without them thinking these things are true. As a former math tutor to children in middle and high school, and now a father, I can tell you a way to avoid the problem completely. Gain an understanding of the concept yourself, and make an equivalent problem that uses the same steps/ideas. Walk them through step by step, explaining as you go. One or two examples like that should be enough for them to understand well enough to do other work on their own. Written English is not a Phonetic language; you need to understand that before you go any further. As a result, while phonics are a useful aid to beginners in reading/comprehension, they will always be imperfect just like any shortcut. The way they were taught tells them that it's okay to hurt people if you're doing it for good. But under it all, they are just normal people, just like us, who've been taught to be bullies - they want us to live their way and do what they say even when we don't agree or we think what they do is wrong. It's just that being grown-ups it means that when they hurt people they use more dangerous things like bombs and guns. Your child will pick up words that do not fit the phonics patterns as they go, and the teaching materials at the school are correct. If you would like to work with your child and understand more about what they're doing then why not ask the teacher to explain what phonics system they use and how you can help? If you look at the etymological breakdown of English, it contains words which we can mostly trace back about equally to either a Latin, Greek or Germanic root (there are a few others as well, but those three account for over 75% of English words.) Because Written English is not an alphabetised phonetic language each imported word retains many of the spelling rules from it's parent language.