As a moderator I sometimes get a request (flag, comment, chat ping, etc) to migrate a question. Sometimes I don't know the other site's scope well enough, so what usually happens is the following: Search comments Often enough to be frustrating, I remember either seeing or making a comment that I'd like to find again -- a helpful reference, a well-written comment that I'd like to use as a template, something involving weaponized unicorns that made me laugh out loud, whatever. If I know who posted it I can painstakingly dig through the "actions" tab from a profile, or I suppose I could try to find it with the LIKE operator in SEDE (if it's old enough). But why not make that easier? 

Yes, people can build this themselves, using the "projects" or "about me" areas, but this is meant to (a) make it easier and (b) plant the idea. (People can do this in other ways, but how many think to do it?) 

Keeps the information visible to anybody on the site who might need to look at it. That's probably just moderators (for certain kinds of fraud investigations) and yes you could make an exception for moderators, but maybe having fewer exceptions is better. 

As a moderator I could, in especially-dire cases, undelete the post, downvote, and then delete it again, but that feels like an abuse of the mod powers, plus it clobbers the deletion attribution, plus this doesn't help 10kers at all. Clicking that button -- or skip having the button and just do this when selecting a site (h/t animuson♦) -- would insert the contents of the other site's on-topic page into the dialogue window (with a scroll bar, obviously), similarly to how candidate duplicates are shown. There's already room, even, so we don't need to make the dialogue box bigger. If I then choose another site, then it should automatically switch to showing the new site's info. (If I'm groping around for a site I probably need this information, after all.) If there's nothing to show (e.g. for a per-site meta), then nothing changes. 

If the following conditions were met, I'd be in favor of it: 

The 'secretness' of them solves the problem of implementing badges with higher criteria than gold, we don't publicly set very high goals that are likely not attainable by the vast majority of users. 

For instance, someone getting around a question block or suspension to ask questions isn't doing so with the intent of creating chaos, they're doing so because they really want to get an answer to a question. I haven't seen this behavior out in the wild much, but it happened again recently and I was wondering if a flag could be automatically raised when this happens: If this sort of thing is too complex to introduce, then we really should find something similar that isn't - I don't want to put additional load on our machine or human resources to deal with comments as a matter of principle - they're just not that important in the grand scheme of things. 

Fielding the flag is just about the same amount of work if this is implemented. My hope here is to better educate new users regarding duplicate content and flags. I'd rather fix this, because the fact that there are so many moving pieces, so much work, so much crap causing confusion that leads to these questions really bothers me, and has for quite a while. Let's drastically simplify it and the way we go about finding and dealing with it, and see if there are really any questions left. 

Due to a series of down voted and ultimately deleted questions, a question ban was imposed. You then effectively lifted the ban by fixing some of them, and continued to provide helpful answers. However, you were barely over the threshold. As in a few down votes could have probably put you back in it. It might make sense for mods to be able to initiate something that pokes the user to initiate the merge themselves. The reason we made the feature employee only was suspected socks being merged, and as it turned out, they really were different people. I understand the recent fiddling with locations based on data returned from Yahoo, but I really want my profile to be accurate. It recently went from accurate to half accurate. 

I don't want to put additional needless asks on people that spend a lot of time in review; indicating if a string that is often too short to be an answer is good or not good is just a waste of people's time. That would be turning /review into more of an unpaid Mechanical Turk than anything, I know this because I've spent years looking at comments left by new users that managed to earn 50 rep. That's why we're going to get working on it this week or next. There is a caveat which could be a source of frustration. If someone edits a question where the tag is applied without removing the tag, the system will demand that the tag be removed. Whether we want to allow saves when a tag is merely locked instead of blacklisted (thus defining an even clearer distinction between the two states) warrants additional discussion if this is going to be implemented. 

We've experimented with this sort of thing in the past, and it hasn't been very successful for any appreciable amount of time. This is for two reasons: 

.. then we have a pretty clear picture. It's not that I don't trust the judgement of any individual moderator, I just want more sanity where network wide destruction of an account is the result. 

I'm not sure of the timeline here, but this is something that's been / being discussed. 

Give me access to all moderator tools by clicking a user's gravatar. To avoid fat fingers, perhaps open those tools in a suitably sized modal dialog (similar to the moderation tools on the parent sites) from the menu a gravatar click produces. IOW, let me deal with disruptive people without taking my eyes off the room. I realize some tools do require another page load, but let me do as much as possible in a modal.