But there are a variety of semi-automated tree harvesters out there that are capable of a modest amount of AFK. [EDIT: as the video I linked to disappeared, thank Robotnik for pointing this out] I have used the following approach, which requires no signs, and only one water source per "slice". This is a cross sectional view (or a slice), you can repeat this pattern as many times as you want. 

The idea is for you to have saplings in your hand, plant one, have a bone meal dispsenser adjacent, which bone meals the sapling. Saplings are collected in hoppers at the bottom, and moved back to you, so you just have to sit and plant saplings. 

It's because your top hopper is pointed directly into the hopper just below it. Point the hopper on the very top to the side, and it will work as you expect. 

Then, collect the "escaped" villagers, and once enough have escaped, kill the rest. 

The approach, is to use a Diamond pickax, enchanted with Level 5 efficiency, and a Haste level II Beacon. With this setup, you mine stone instantaneously and can clear cut vast swaths of stone in very little time, exposing significantly more blocks / minute than with branch mining. All of the previous answers focus on minimizing blocks mined. However, if you're interested in minimizing time, there is a vastly faster late game strategy than anything discussed above. An obvious approach to finding them, once the range is known, would be to move around to several different places that are "on the edge" of the "noise envelope" and then find the center (using F3 and the coordinates therein). Is there a better approach? 

[Note: I have tried to use fraps and other tools to record these sounds. There appears to be issues with some installs of Windoze XP and use of these tools to record sounds. Can't figure out how to record sound. Any help appreciated.] 

Ethos discusses this in one of his videos. What I have found best, is to just let it sit for a long time while I do something else in the region, then revisit occasionally. This helps, because slimes spawn more slowly than other MOBS, but they do not despawn like other MOBS, so if you have a good slime spawning region, they will continuously accumulate.... It can get crazy. 

It turns out the "thwap" is the "lavapop.ogg" sound. To find the source of the sound, I just had to dig down to the lava lake under neath my spawners. Turning the lava lakes into obsidian (using water) stopped the annoying sound, and now I can go back to my experience grinder in peace. Sadly, there appears to not be a spawner specific sound. I was so excited when I thought there was one. The lavapop.ogg sound got turned on in 1.2.4 (or so). 

I have a long (1Km) minecart track, and I'm astonished at how many mob spawners I hear as I move along it. I'd like to find them, but have been unsuccessful in my searches. I suppose I could carve out a 17x17x17 region around my location. Seems excessive. Looking for something better. I don't know the definition of tree miller... As always, @SevenSidedDie has given a most excellent, encyclopedic answer. I provide a simple anecdote. I'm having trouble finding a video that explains what I'm going to do, but in looking for one, I found DOCM's villager trading video, and in it, he explains how to set up your trading system such that you don't need infinite villagers, which may be a viable alternative to what you're wanting to do. Does the noise change as a function of range? [Clarification after some of the answers given below: Specifically, the sound is a "thwap" "thwap" type of sound, repeated at irregular intervals. I have found 5 different mob spawners in my world, and have checked for the sound on peaceful and non-peaceful modes. The only places near my spawners and areas that I have completely cleared out that I hear the "spawner noise" is in a radius around the spawner. I hadn't done the experiment to determine range, figuring this was common knowledge. The initial answers below, lead me to believe it is not, or that I have a unique install.] If you are daring, you can build an enclosure for a wither, and have the wither blow up the wood, most of which will get harvested. With the configuration you have, your second hopper from the top is getting 2 items per "cycle". (The top hopper is pushing one item / cycle into the 2nd hopper. The 2nd hopper is pulling one item / cycle from the top hopper.) 

Once the sapling grows into a tree, a large redstone device, which surrounds a 5x5 area pushes the logs out to a large wood collection area. To do this, you need to "fill" all the villager's trading slots. You want to get the "good" trades to be the last slot for a filled villager trading slots. (paper -> emeralds (librarian), raw chickens -> emeralds (farmer), iron -> emeralds (blacksmith)) are all "easy" to get unlimited quantities of. Then, once these trades are in the last slot of the villager, you can keep trading the villager for those trades, and get unlimited emeralds, without having to generate unlimited villagers.