As the TRO explains, the standard for issuing a TRO requires the moving party to demonstrate the following: Therefore, the precedent is clear on this question. Despite the ability of Congress to narrowly delegate regulatory authority to certain agencies, it can never delegate the ability to write laws, especially not to the courts. Yes, Supreme Court Justices have drafted and submitted bills to Congress. The Judiciary Act of 1925 has often been called "the Judge's Bill", because it was drafted by Supreme Court Justices Willis van Devanter, George Sutherland, and James McReynolds, along with Chief Justice William Howard Taft. This means that the existence of regulatory agencies does not imply that Congress can delegate the power to rewrite statutes as necessary to make them Constitutional. Lawmaking authority remains solely vested in Congress. Winter v. Natural Resources Defense Council, inc. 555 U.S. 7, at 20 (2008). In this case, Judge Robart found that all four factors fell in plaintiff's favor, requiring him to issue a temporary restraining order. The Congress manifestly is not permitted to abdicate or to transfer to others the essential legislative functions with which it is thus vested. Finally, I think I should mention that almost all of this information came from the fourth edition of Erwin Chemerinsky's excellent casebook on Constitutional Law. If this is a subject that interests you, I strongly recommend checking it out. Congress cannot delegate statutory rewriting power to the Courts in order that they can make the statute Constitutional. In Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan, the Supreme Court ruled that Congress could not delegate the power to prohibit certain excessive oil shipments to the president. In this decision, Chief Justice Hughes wrote: The "case or controversy" clause of the Constitution prohibits the courts not only from rewriting statutes, but from even issuing an advisory opinion on whether a law or action would be Constitutional were it to be implemented. When Thomas Jefferson, as Secretary of State, asked the Supreme Court Justices what conduct was permitted by the United States as a neutral party in a war between Britain and France, the Justices wrote back: Just as Congress is prohibited from delegating its lawmaking authority, so are the Courts prohibited from ruling on a case where no controversy exists. Article III, Section 2, Clause 1 of the Constitution defines the areas in which the Courts have jurisdiction, and in each area an actual case or controversy must be present.