I would question the claim that political order has changed sufficiently in ancient Rome from the era of Romulus until at least the reign of Heraclius. [Copy] for Reburrus, son of the Spaniard Severus, decurion in Tampius' first Pannonian squadron, commanded by Gaius Valerius Celsus. Germanic Hiermann (banner holder) -> Germanicus (brotherly, uterine) Invitation by a foreign pretender to the throne to help him against his adversary (invasion of Judea) Regarding the asked question, Roman citizenship of discharged soldiers if they had no citizenship before service was identified by a so-called military diploma For a slave-owner if he felt sympathy to his slaves it was natural to improve their conditions and not to abuse them. http://ancientrome.ru/publik/article.htm?a=1265539577 Wikipedia says that the consuls were initially the king's counsels judging from the name of the office. I wonder whether it is the fact and is there any reliable evidence for consuls under reges? The diploma was a notarially certified copy of the emperor's decree. Traditionally the following stages are counted for the political order of the Ancient Rome: I wonder to what extent this practice was widespread and when it appeared? I also wonder how the spread of Christianity affected this. http://ancientrome.ru/publik/article.htm?a=1265051084 Pacification of warlike tribes (Caesar's invasions of Britain and Germany) Whele senators and ordinary civilians could justify a war with such considerations, the official pretexts for the wars were always different. All wars Rome conducted were officially motivated by international law. Particular motivations being: So, the slave owner would have no reason to feel any guilt: if he did feel anything similar, he could free the slave(s) and if he was prohibited from doing so by the state, he could feel not guilty at all. He also was free to improve slaves' conditions beyond what was common level and even beyond freemen if he wished. Actually, for 8 years, according to this source: Summing the above up, it can be said that through the whole period from Romulus to at least Heraclius So what are the reasons to ascribe certain periods in roman history to monarchy and certain to republic? Was not the political regime always the same with only names of the offices changing?