Yes, a book can work without an antagonist. For example, in "end of the world" disasters, the source of friction often comes from the disaster, and not an antagonist. (To use an example, while not a book but a film, think "Armageddon" as exhibit A.) Romance novels often don't have antagonists, either. The conflict could also come from inner conflict, such as drug addiction. Either way, you likely have to start planning some major re-writes of your later scenes. So, if you want to reduce confusion, I would make sure that your symbols have meaning to the character(s), rather than the reader. Limit your symbol(s) to a specific goal, too. In my case, the restaurant was symbolic of the man trying to piece his life back together. I'm not entirely sure your example demonstrates the lack of public stakes. The world of the novel is the immediate world the character inhabits, a social world that encompasses all the characters whose lives are affected by what happens in the novel. In your Jane Austin example, this would then suggest that the public stakes would be the social standing of, not just her (as in Elizabeth's) family, but also the families of those around her that are affected by decisions made, which in turn has implications for that society. In science fiction and fantasy, there have always been works that sparked debate about whether it is or isn't sci-fi or fantasy. However, unless you're an established author, you don't have the luxury of declaring your work to be fantasy or science fiction like Fowler does; someone else has to do that for you. That means your editor, publisher, your readership, and/or your peers and critics must declare it fantasy to be so. I am not a publisher, so perhaps someone will correct me, but if your book is good, they'll publish it. I can't for the life of me see any good reason why not. A metaphor would be where you describe him as if he really was a fish: "He walked into the room, a giant fish with gaping mouth and bulging eyes." To pick a random example, maybe the hero is fighting the Ninjas on sharks, and doesn't hesitate to shoot them all to pieces. However, when you jump to an earlier bit, you decide it's a great idea for the character to fall in love with one of the killer Ninjas, or perhaps make one of the sharks his pet that he had raised for many years before it got stolen and trained into a hero-killing machine. The important part here is that the restaurant has meaning to the character, and thus has meaning to the reader. Don't fall into the trap of just inserting symbols that have meaning only to the reader. These are generally not worth your time and effort. Contrast this with Being John Malcovich: who ever heard of such a scenario? It's nothing anyone watching the film can relate to as a concept, so the viewer tends to "go with it". The fantastic is made normal, and there is no attempt by the reader to discount what they're seeing. It just is, for whatever reason. (Incidentally, what you outline for Synecdoche New York is, in my view, unlikely, but not impossible, which is very different to absurd, or fantastic.) On the subject of distrust, the content of the book demonstrates your English, not the fact you don't live in the UK or the US. I would seriously doubt that anyone would be put off by the fact that you're a non-native speaker if your book is good, and well-written. This is when an object, location, event - whatever - represents something else entirely. For example, a character could break their glasses, and this would represent the fact that they are blinded to the truth. In other words, the object symbolises some deeper meaning or concept related to the story. Now, as a rule of thumb, anything that you (the author) finds confusing, your readers will definitely find confusing. Therefore, keep things simple. In these days of internet connectivity and video phone calls, it's far less of a hassle to organise meetings and discussions. You appear to be talking about symbolism, which is something else entirely.