It is surely not clear that your initial statement is correct. We can generally divide phenomena into three categories: the effective (information), the reflective (internal constructions) and the affective (emotional responses). These distinctions have a lot of different names, but they seem to be a stable set of distinctions made in language (Germanic modal verbs), religion (Gnostic theories of the trinity, the three Pillars of the tree of life) and a variety of forms of pre-scientific magic (astrology and alchemy in their late Western forms). Stepping back, claiming that no language was involved in setting those thresholds is like insisting that one can load a functioning program into a computer by controlling the individual electrical potentials at gates, without using any machine language, programming or compiling mechanism. So, while I am personally convinced of the role of the subconscious, and there are whole journals are devoted to psychoanalytical research, with a major component of their content devoted to grounding the theory in fact, I see it as a theoretical step away from, rather than toward mind/body dualism. Your two motivating paragraphs are both baseless. Most things with high correlations with death are not outlawed. The drug most likely to lead to murder or is generally legal. We do not outlaw sports that kill people. We consider choosing an outright deadly occupation a personal choice, and the number one employer in the occupations most likely to get you killed are government bodies. Most things with high correlations with imprisonment are outlawed. But that is because doing something that is outlawed is how you get imprisoned. At base nouminal nature causes phenomenal action. Or the 'Moot of all particles' adjusts its mutual observations, and in aggregate of the competing wills, we see physical motion. Or some other intersubjective interaction causes a compromise between the effects of a complex mind. The lack of the direct effectiveness of most direct will is caused by the fact of the lack of coordination of the will that drives it. To be a little sarcastic: Data are given, Information informs, and Knowledge is known. But the point is that their etymological roots are nouns made of verbs 'dare: to give', 'in/formare: into/to build', and "cnawan: to discern'. God aside (for otherwise He is a much more direct example of asexual consciousness) those problems to be solved are not posed to it by another intelligence, as we pose problems to a computer. They are taken up at random by the process itself. And solving them involves somehow being aware of them, no matter how indirectly. I think we know now, that this kind of endeavor is bound to fail. We already know the weakness of models like this from mathematics' study of itself: our natural view of negation, and our equally strong intuition of 'plenitude' (that anything logically entailed by other mental images can always be imagined) don't fit together in absolute terms. Evading that issue in logic is as important as evading it in set-theory. But we keep right on doing mathematics, and we will keep doing this. 1) No, a stream of consciousness does not require a self, and theories of psychological agency have to allow for conscious behavior involving both symbolism and emotion, that is not necessarily centered and guided by an established, unifying structure. Overall, this has resulted in an improvement in society. Favoring the many, compared to previous systems that favor the strong, and therefore the few, frees a lot of energy to invest in a culture. But at some point, it becomes a disease. It ensures that no one wishes to improve the world, because all actions that can be taken by an individual will have psychological and social repercussions that outweigh their gains. Since group actions require individuals at least proposing group agenda, all progress becomes a burden, instead. I think the evidence that dogs mourn the death of other dogs is pretty clear. They can become obsessive about the slowly disappearing scent, follow trails left by those dogs, make arrangements to allow for their comfort, etc. But if we really share experience due to some underlying identity transcending the body, we should receive that experience immediately. This allows various contradictions to arise in relativity. So I would say, given current science, that this is no longer a reasonable outcome to presume. From this point of view it is both right and wrong to say with the psychedelicists 'The world is not made up of physical things but of linguistic structures.' It is a compromise between these two things in endless tension. This fear works in a way that is not amenable to solution by creating additional fear. Since most violence short of murder does raise the level of fear, you are caught in a place where violence cannot help you. (And, obviously, killing someone permanently prevents getting any further information out of them.) Going the opposite direction, toward Daniel Dennett's notion of "Brains made of Cells in Cells", we can see our own intelligence as arising out of a similar sort of mob action, with the freedom resulting from competition for resources within the brain, at a level below consciousness.