You state you have been riding with a longer post. Have you monitored the cracks to see if they are growing? A serial number may not slow them down from stealing it but it sure slows down selling it, aids in recovery, and help convict criminals. Gold is a strong metal. They use gold alloys for fillings. Gold does not rust. As a frame material titanium has an edge over gold. If you install a rigid then it will be suspension corrected. There will be a gap above the wheel to the fork so it is the same length as a suspension fork. Found a quoted number. Just because it was on the Internet does not make it right but here is a 5-10 year quote. Bike Frame: Aluminum Vs. Steel Aluminum has not changed in the 10 years Technically rust is limited to iron. What is bad is the rust starts and continues. The water / oxidizing agent is not consumed. Rodriguez Cycles did an excellent multipart essay on choosing between 650c and 700c wheels for road bikes, and the illustrated Cliff notes they provide should prove illuminating. The first thing to do is to check to see if your frame was built with an aluminum insert for the seat tube. Given that you currently have a carbon seatpost this is unlikely, but it would alleviate the main concern. Axle diameter. 10mm is the standard, but you'll also find models designed for 9.5mm (3/8") and 14mm axles on BMX bikes. I'm not sure how the formatting in this article got so ruined, but you can read more in this VeloNews Technical Q&A with Lennard Zinn. It's likely that Sheldon's concern was for galvanic corrosion between carbon fiber and aluminum. This is an issue that's well-trod in both the bicycle and aeronautics fields. In essence, in the presence of an electrolyte (sea air, your sweat) and a cathode (carbon fiber-embedded resin) the anode (aluminum) will corrode. In the case of a seatpost/seattube interface, this corrosion will wedge the seatpost in place. This can, at best, make it extremely hard to remove the seatpost. At worst, it can render the frame unusable. If you want fatigue free and rust free then get titanium. Another user of serial number is fraud detection. Is it even a valid serial number? Is it the correct frame for that serial number? Multiple bikes with the same serial number - definitely some counterfeiting going on. Calling a bike something other than a touring bike is not going to make it cheaper or lighter. I would not eliminate touring bikes from you selection. Just go for the lightest bike that does what you want it to do in your budget. You state you have been riding with a longer post. Have you monitored the cracks to see if they are growing? Aluminum has not changed in the 10 years When you first posted the question you did not have a price constraints. You might find a new 10 - 11 kg steel bike for £1000 but probably will probably sacrifice components. You are going to need to up the weight or budget. The steel version of the Colossal is under 11 kg and closer to that budget. Look for a good used bike - I got my used titanium cyclcocross in great shape for close to that price range.