In your position I would be very tempted to make another part first and test that to destruction. That way you get to run through the process and get an idea of your abilities and limits, and you get a part to test. Seatstays, for example. When they fail you tend to end up sitting on the ground, rather than using your face as a digging implement. If you threw together an inverted 4 frame with single bar seat/chain stays you'd have a part similar to a front fork, but with safer failure modes. The problem is not the weight of the frame, it's the weight of the rider compared to the strength of the gold. Essentially you have an 80kg rider on a frame that might weigh 20kg if made of gold rather than 5kg in steel. The dominant mass is still the rider. It's likely to be cheaper to sell that bike and buy another one that has drop bars, than to convert the bike you have. Even if you use second hand parts for most of it, the new extra parts you need will add up. Trivially: yes, of course you can. You almost certainly won't be able to ride that bike, though. Build a testbed bike that has adjustable parts covering the different parameters you care about. Instrument it appropriately and measure the changes to the factors you care about as you vary the parameters. This is necessarily vague because there are upwards of 10 variables that affect more than 10 output parameters. This is the reason your question is being marked as "too broad". A caliper brake actually needs a hole right through there, and has a long bolt that goes right through. On your bike there are two chainstays there, with a brake bridge across. The problem is that it might not be strong enough to take an effective brake, since it's probably designed just to hold a mudguard. It will look something like this: I have a copy and have used it to design bikes, but I decided that in most cases it was more effort than could be justified for my garage builds. I still use it to get an idea of the desirable values for a particular design, but I've also discovered that I can comfortably ride bikes that are on the fringes of what Bill says is stable. This might not be true for you. For example, a number of people have built bike frames with variable headset angle and attached front forks that have variable axle offset. That allows much experimentation with rake and trail. But the outputs measured are typically "how it feels", because it's very difficult to measure the second and third order effects you're likely to care about, especially since the primary measurements (typically 6 axis acceleration) are very noisy. There's a book called "Lords of the Chainring" that analyses all these factors in combination, and it is arguably the definitive work on the topic (I don't think it's as complete as the author does, but there is nothing better that I'm aware of). The author used to teach an engineering course in the subject and has extensive experience both theoretical and experimental (from years of students experimenting and reporting results). The reason that gold plating and alloys are used is that even small sculptures have structural issues when made of 24 carat gold. The largest pure gold statue I can find online is only 10cm tall and that's labelled as fragile (but that search is fraught as there is so much "huge ... 24 carat gold... plated").