It doesn't seem to be haram for a husband to get his 13 or 14-year-old wife pregnant. Because a girl who has reached the age of puberty, is allowed to get married and ... In regard to the lying, there are many traditions regarding that, even there are some verses in the holy Quran that mentioned regarding lying, such as: That holy Quran considers the lying as the main reason of Bid'ahs and so on (Nahl:116) 

As a general Islamic rule, it would be considered as a haram practice to touch the script of the Holy Qur'an with any part of one's body, without performing Wudhu. But in regards to your second inquiry that you asked The answer is that @American Muslim declared, generally (as a general Islamic rule), insects are considered as haram things that you are not allowed to eat them (Unfortunately many people used to eat different kinds of insects… especially in some of south eastern countries). But there is no problem in eating grasshopper (by observing some conditions) and you can eat it. And even I reckon there are some or many people (particularly Arab people) that still eat grasshopper as a halal food. Shaykh ‘Abd-Allaah ibn Jibreen was asked what if the commercial insurance is compulsory and cannot be avoided. 

All types of insurance are Haram (prohibited). They involve Jahalah (sale with lack of knowledge), Gharar (fraudulent transaction where details about the sold item are unknown or uncertain) - both of them are not pardoned - gambling, unjustly taking people's money, and Riba (usury/interest). There are many legal proofs that all these transactions are forbidden. Allah (Exalted be He) says: Narrated by Abu Hurayrah (may Allaah be pleased with him): Note: This is only for commercial insurance 

Source: Eating the Meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) 

We find in Saheeh Al-Bukhari: “It is related by Aisha (radhi Allaahu anha) that a group of people said to the Prophet (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) ‘Some people came to us with some meat about which we didn’t know whether the name of Allah was mentioned over or not’ and he replied (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) Sammoo [Say the name of Allah] over it yourselves and then eat. She [Aisha - radhi Allaahu anha] said that these people had just recently been from the Kuffaar [i.e. just became Muslim and the question was not asked as to the method of slaughter]. 

However, I'm not sure if I've fully understood your question, but it sounds like you're asking if it's OK in islam to lie?... You can read a fatwa here about it. The Prophet said, "Allah created Adam, making him 60 cubits tall. When He created him, He said to him, "Go and greet that group of angels, and listen to their reply, for it will be your greeting (salutation) and the greeting (salutations of your offspring." So, Adam said (to the angels), As-Salamu Alaikum (i.e. Peace be upon you). The angels said, "As-salamu Alaika wa Rahmatu-l-lahi" (i.e. Peace and Allah's Mercy be upon you). Thus the angels added to Adam's salutation the expression, 'Wa Rahmatu-l-lahi,' Any person who will enter Paradise will resemble Adam (in appearance and figure). People have been decreasing in stature since Adam's creation. 

This is the hadith which scholars say means that if someone is forced to pay a bribe, it's ok and the one who takes it will be sinning. This becomes an invalid question as the answer was no for the question above. However, attempting to obtain knowledge of the future via jinn/fortune tellers is haraam. Have a look at this fatwa. According to the fatwa listed below, you shouldn't work for them because of this ayah in the quran: 

Predictions via calculations, observations, experience are fine. Read this fatwa, this is the same as the 2 links above. 

If you read the source, they mention that if you can get the job done without paying the bribe, but still pay the bribe, both the giver and receiver would be sinning. 

So, if these fantasy stories are true, what's the harm in telling them and what's the harm in believing them? But if these fantasy stories are lies, they should not be told and they should not be believed in.