As far as more directly philosophically oriented work, there are a number of popularizations of philosophy for younger readers. With that said, I'd urge caution --no less an authority than Plato warns us that the study of philosophy can be counterproductive for the very young because it confuses them at the same time they are developing their sense of right and wrong. You also might encounter friction if the book you choose promotes views different from those of the child's parents. In the case given, the impossible "perfect" solution A kills no animals, but the "pretty good" solution C kills fewer than the default solution B (to continue as is). 

In the examples you give, it is impossible to judge them as ad hominem without more context. Is Person A advancing an actual argument (whether weak or strong), that Person B wants people to discard solely on the basis of who Person A is? Or is Person A just making absurd personal accusations with no actual logical content (valid or not)? It's not an airtight case --as you see, it relies on some general knowledge and some assumptions. But it is a reasonable implication. In terms of logical format, the general shape is: The Sorites paradox forces us to us to recognize that a term like "pile," which we use commonly and usefully, may seem to be well-defined but is not --in other words that there is no single, universal decision procedure attached to the term "pile" as commonly defined. Your solution proposes to substitute the natural language term with a new, well-defined term (a term with a decision procedure). Although this solves the problem by fiat, it has no bearing on the original dilemma. 

Formal logic came from the world of philosophy, and is still taught and studied in philosophy departments. However, if we accept some form of this definition of science, "science is a systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the universe," (Wikipedia) then logic has arguably exited the world of philosophy, and entered the world of science. This is basically an analogy of the form Translating from natural language to formal language and back is a good exercise, but it can be dangerously misleading. Logical AND is (arguably) inspired by the concept of "and" in natural language, and has some obvious similarities, but it is not the same thing. There are subtleties in natural language that defy the exact interpretation necessary for formalization, and levels of precision available in formal language that could only be achieved in natural language with great difficulty. To expand on mobileink's correct answer, any given term from formal logic is never exactly "the same" as its natural language analog, because formal logic is an artificial construct created for the purpose of allowing for perfectly consistent definitions with mathematical precision, whereas natural language is messy and organic. There are other potential disagreements with this analogy over whether or not cars and guns are actually comparable, given their contrasting usage and purposes, but this takes care of all the intrinsic structural weaknesses. 

Please note, as always in logic, the structure has nothing to do with the content. We might take issue with (B), the claim that all the best players are male. But if we accept it as presented in the essay, then the conclusion does follow structurally. A) No B are C B) All A are B Therefore: No A are C Please note: It would be perfectly reasonable for someone to say "Person A has a long, consistent history of making worthless claims, therefore it is likely that this claim is worthless (and/or therefore it is likely to be not worth the time to listen and try to understand). It is, however, fallacious to say "Person A has a long consistent history of making worthless claims, therefore this current argument he is making is (or must be) invalid." No possible accidents of personal history are legitimate disproofs of any strong or valid argument.