As for the 16 year old girl she is meeting... that does make me wonder. I'd suggest that 'hoping she can get out of her parent's home' means she is still a minor (or worse, is not telling the truth), and that without your daughter talking to the parents and saying she'd like to meet up with their daughter, she is acting like she is not an adult. Adults can live openly and honestly. If there is nothing to hide, there is no reason to lie or not tell the entire truth. 

I think therapy can work, but that if the other parent is undermining it, that makes it less likely. Therapy can be forced but like taking a horse to water -- you can't make it work. Participation and acceptance of the paths and exercises is key to helping the process be successful. 

As a retired teacher, I do not think teachers need gifts. I would have loved a card or note with a comment or appreciative remarks. I taught special needs students and liked when a parent made snack for the entire class or contributed to the trip fund, but I never needed them to spend their hard-earned money on me. 

Remind her that it is legal for open carry and (some may carry) concealed weapons in many states. CA is one of them. I have lived in CA and Texas and honestly I am not afraid, but I am concerned and I do think about where I am and what I am doing. (On edit: I am NOT suggesting that anyone carry a weapon, just pointing out that it is very different than say Toronto. I know because I lived in Canada for 45 years and Toronto for 32 of those. I've lived in CA and TX and see people with weapons frequently.) This means I choose to stay completely sober when I am in public or have to take any transportation. 

It was not a big moment for her, but she liked the party. Since then she's come to me with a problem about pimples on her bum and to her dad about a pimple on her vulva -- she was staying at his house that evening. If we don't have an answer, lucky us -- the world of knowledge is as close as our phones. 

I said I'd ask what others think. 

I also think giving her a credit card with a limit of $500. in case of an EMERGENCY, is a good backup plan. Tell her it is not for drinks, or drugs, or hotel, or anything but getting her home in one piece. It is still not legal to drink alcohol in CA under 21. Please make sure she knows that the US owes Canadians no special treatment and that breaking the law here, is no picnic for non-citizens. She could potentially lose the right to ever travel in the USA if she were to be convicted of drug or alcohol or other crimes. (Even if she is just present when someone else commits a crime.) You may find that your best path is to keep trying for visits so that there is a record. When your daughter is of age, send her a letter that explains you have tried constantly over the years to see her and be in her life. (If she asks for proof -- you'll have it.) Do not ever blame her or her mother for anything -- she will draw her own conclusions. Tell her how she can reach you and update that information if it changes. Perhaps remember her birthday and Christmas with a 'love' letter -- nothing over the top -- just that you have always loved her. 

Remind her about STDs -- though of course she'll be unhappy about that. 

We never told our boyfriend or husband unless we had to. It was not polite conversation, so I understand exactly where your parents were coming from -- the dark ages where women's bodies were dirty and scary. Even among women it was "the curse", "my friend" and so on... Ridiculous! Therapy is like an honest conversation with yourself -- and safe because the therapist is there to help. A trained therapist will help you to accept things you must accept and deal with things that you can change. S/he will help you to not place blame on yourself -- or to accept the things you may have done that you wish you had not done. You can learn to deal with your situation and that may hopefully give you insight into dealing with your daughter's feelings.