Like any other foul, even if shirt pulling does hold an opponent, if it's not seen by the referee or another member of the officiating team, it will go unpenalised. 

If the hole is so large that a penalty kick cannot be legally taken with the ball out of the hole, it is clearly dangerous and has potential to cause injury to players who may trip over it or roll their ankle in it. The referee should suspend the match until the ground officials (which at a local level, could be the home team) have filled the hole with sand or dirt and have re-marked it. 

The other advantage of taking this approach, is that the referee does not need to wait and see if the opponent is prevented from playing the ball by the challenge. As soon as the challenge occurs, as long as it is careless, reckless, or excessively forceful the direct free kick may be awarded. 

Who is he harming beside his own team in this scenario ? 

If there is fumble, or slowly moving ball, this will enable them to see if the ball has crossed the line most of the time. This is highlighted on p. 88 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game: 

Law 5.6, The Referee - Liability of Match Officials: 

In all of the above examples, the red player has committed the offence of playing in a dangerous manner. 

Finally, it is important to note that in some competitions, referees are not permitted to add on any time to allow for time lost. In this case, the referee must end the period as soon as their watch shows that time has exprired for that period (ie 45 minutes, or whatever the competition rules state that the length of the half is). 

If the shirt pull has the effect of holding up an opponent, it is punishable by a direct free kick. 

Law 11 makes no distinction between intentionally and unintentionally placing oneself in an offside position: 

Now, if encroachment as defined above occurs, Law 14 - The Penalty Kick, Section 2 - Offences and Sanctions states that: 

In the event of a breakdown of the radio communication system, the additional assistant referees will use an electronic signal beep flagstick to indicate their decisions. 

Judging close ball in/out decisions is a skill that simply improves with years of practice - it is likely that you are getting the overwhelming majority of in/out decisions correct already. In many recreational leagues, where the majority of referees officiate, the field markings may be poor, making it very difficult for even the most experienced assistant referee to get these decisions right. 

However, the longer play is allowed to continue after the initial allotment of additional time, the unfairer this is on the defending team. If a team has had 90 minutes plus additional time (along with a few seconds more) to score - why should the other team be placed at a disadvantage by allowing even more time? 

From page 36 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game (emphasis mine): 

As an aside, any suspensions resulting from send-offs in the match will stand. This is required by the FIFA Disciplinary Regulations (PDF link). 

This would include offside, which in Law 11, is considered as an "offence". 

Playing in a dangerous manner is any action that, while trying to play the ball, threatens injury to someone (including the player themself) and includes preventing a nearby opponent from playing the ball for fear of injury. 

The indirect free kick is taken from the place where the offence occurred (see Law 13 – Position of free kick). 

Note that there is no requirement for this offence to be committed against an opponent. This would include committing violent conduct (i.e. using excessive force) or unsporting behaviour (i.e. recklessness) against a teammate. 

The additional assistant referees will use a radio communication system only and not flags to communicate decisions to the referee. 

IFAB Laws of the Game, 121.2 Offside Offence: 

This is nothing more than a poor tactic. Neither of these players can really do anything of significance until the ball has been deliberately played (other than a deliberate save) by an opponent or goes out of play. Until this happens, they're effectively leaving their team short by two players. 

Now, as to the question of the decision being fair - some referees may decide to "find" a few more seconds if there is a promising attack, since the time added on is generally a very rough estimate. This generous helping of a few extra seconds is acceptable to most referees. 

They will generally side-step, only running facing the goal line when required to do so to keep up (p.86, p. 95 - FIFA 2014/15 Laws of The Game). This enables them to have a view of the offside line, the ball, the referee and the majority of the players at once. By occasionally placing their chin on their chest, they can use the touch line to gauge whether they are remaining square with the offside line. 

Finally, if this is not a penalty kick during the match, but part of kicks from the penalty mark at the end of a drawn match in in order to determine a winner, the referee may simply move the penalty kicks to the other end of the field.