On Nov 11, MI confirmed for President Trump. See link below. 

Could such a hack explain, for example, low voter turnout in Milwaukee? There has been no credible evidence of a hack as of Dec 1, 2016 presented in a mainstream publication. The state receives reliable information that a voter is deceased. Trump expanded his appeal and base of support into traditional blue collar, Democrat strongholds (although came up short), while not being able to capture the same base of support from outside-big-city suburban "movement" conservatives. Powerlineblog Some hard hitting local advertising also may have come into play (see link). 

In Illinois, Schlesinger and others have pointed out that, even if Nixon had carried Illinois, the state alone would not have given him the victory, as Kennedy would still have won 276 electoral votes to Nixon's 246 (with 269 needed to win). More to the point, Illinois was the site of the most extensive challenge process, which fell short despite repeated efforts spearheaded by Cook County state's attorney, Benjamin Adamowski, a Republican, who also lost his re-election bid. Despite demonstrating net errors favoring both Nixon and Adamowski (some precincts—40% in Nixon's case—showed errors favoring them, a factor suggesting error, rather than fraud), the totals found fell short of reversing the results for either candidate. While a Daley-connected circuit judge, Thomas Kluczynski (who would later be appointed a federal judge by Kennedy, at Daley's recommendation), threw out a federal lawsuit "filed to contend" the voting totals,[42] the Republican-dominated State Board of Elections unanimously rejected the challenge to the results. Furthermore, there were signs of possible irregularities in downstate areas controlled by Republicans, which Democrats never seriously pressed, since the Republican challenges went nowhere.[52] More than a month after the election, the Republican National Committee abandoned its Illinois voter fraud claims.[43] Hopefully someone with more expertise than I have can provide more details but having a list of all electors is in any case useful to ensure the integrity of the process. By contrast, having many (viable) candidates always creates tactical questions: Should I vote for my favourite candidate? For the second or third best because they have at least a shot at winning or gaining enough vote to somehow influence the process? Or should I forget all that and vote at the candidate who has the best chance of beating another, realy bad, candidate (according to polls, the media or conventional wisdom)? 

Similarly, the central government cannot simply “send” people to Hong Kong, the local institutions control who can or cannot become a resident and the issue has sometimes been contentious. PRC soldiers on the other hand are selected and trained by the central government. 

This effect should not be entirely unfamiliar to you, as it happens much in the same way with the Erststimme in the elections to the German Bundestag. In that case it does not really matter because the Zweitstimme dominates and the representation is effectively proportional but it's the same logic. 

And doing something crazy like picking the leader of a small party who then selects cabinet members outside the usual pool of candidates would create a major crisis and simply does not happen. Even if it would happen, there would be no new government and the would-be prime minister would hold no actual power, unless and until the parliament can be brought in line. I am not aware of a systematic analysis of this phenomenon but it's pretty easy to get a feel for this by perusing the results of the Dutch elections. For example, looking the results of the CDA list for the 2006 election from Wikipedia, we can see that 79.5% of the voters voted for the first person on the list (which is equivalent to voting for the list as a whole on the ballot, IIRC). That leaves 20% who do make use of the open list to express a preference and influence the rankings of the candidates. 

This type of restrictions is not unusual in countries with a history of coups or other type of involvement of the military in politics like Turkey, Indonesia, or Brazil but it's not entirely uncontroversial either. Historically, similar regulations also existed in some Western European countries like France (until 1945 in that particular case), where, to this day, active soldiers cannot be members of a political party. Another example you might consider is the way the Bundesrat is elected. Without getting into the details, you can easily see that it's several times removed from the popular vote. And the composition of the Bundesrat does matter for the election of the president in Germany (who has a much smaller role than the US president, of course, so that's where the comparison ends). 

EDIT: I found a Wikipedia article confirming this for the presidential and legislative elections. Note, however, that the table for the legislative, local (cantonales), and municipal elections are not directly comparable as a candidate or a list who gets more than 50% of the vote in the first round of voting is elected directly, which automatically depresses turnout in the second round (and, in municipal elections, many lists run unopposed because France has literally tens of thousands or really tiny municipalities). Anecdotally, campaign pollsters I've talked to on both sides of the aisle say that any GOP lead needs to be above the margin for error (about 3-5%) for them to be confident of a win, as that is about the amount of fraud committed in any given election. 

Ticket splitting was a phenomena this year among Trump and more traditional GOP members. While the supporting groups on occasion overlapped, there were some real differences. Where those differences were more pronounced, near large metropolitan suburbs and struggling traditional Democratic enclaves, the differences produced the margin of victory for some down ballot GOP candidates that Trump could not duplicate. So how was it done? This account is from Wikipedia: 

Cases of voter fraud were discovered in Texas. For example, Fannin County had only 4,895 registered voters, yet 6,138 votes were cast in that county, three-quarters for Kennedy.[42] In an Angelina County precinct, Kennedy received 187 votes to Nixon's 24, though there were only a total of 86 registered voters in the precinct.[42] When Republicans demanded a statewide recount, they learned that the state Board of Elections, whose members were all Democrats, had already "certified" Kennedy as the official winner in Texas.[42]