Hegel is similar to Kant in seeing the state as ultimately a product of reason and similar to Aristotle in seeing the state as an organic whole larger and prior to the individual humans and families that make it up. At the same time, the Hegelian picture depends on internal conflicts and their modifications. The net result of that is that Hegel would find such dissolution where states break apart to be a temporary resolution until their inevitable reunion in something larger and more complete as an integration between the individuals, families, the community, and Absolute spirit. (long story ...). It seems much harder to prove either preference or rule utilitarians could allow this regardless of what they want to maximize. By definition, the master moral outlook that cannot be "the way for humanity to go." Instead, it requires individuals to break from "the herd" and cease to get their moral bearings externally. In this respect, it doesn't seem like we can all go there -- or at a minimum if we all go there, we don't go there together as a group. Instead, we each go there. A third line that I've seen advocated both by parts of http://www.secularprolife.org/ and by Matthew Scully who as far as I know is not affiliated with them is that we can link the cause of human suffering to animal suffering and view both as inordinately wrong. In other words, the consistent expansion of the second premise to include at least all mammals regardless of condition. For the first category, famous citations and statistics help (I would suggest for instance Kant's views on animal suffering as a place to start). For the second category, you don't really need them. Depending on the scale of where you are trying to make these claims, this is not the most important thing to focus on. (If you are aiming for a journal, try to see if people in that journal generally concern themselves with (a) empirical surveys when they mention common views or (b) like famous figures or (c) gleefully say things like this without citing anyone). For instance, Roger Ames would write Confucian Role Ethics rather than Confucian Role Morality. Instead, it's something that raises a far more complex problem. Specifically, to know what is most excellent is something that is limited to the man of practical wisdom (phronemos), and those who are not phronemos are not going to be able to find the exact mean of excellence for action). Despite this, Kant still maintains that God is necessary for morality to maintain what is often called the "proportionality thesis". This is the idea that people will receive happiness in proportion to the degree that they are moral. Kant recognized that this was not true in this world and make God a "postulate of moral reason" (at least in the Critique of Practical Reason) in order to make it so that being moral makes sense in terms of fairness (by becoming eternally fair). Any sexual escapade or other enjoyment compromised one's apatheia. In addition, even moderate pleasure could destabilize the soul, subjecting it to greater pleasure by consequence, which would ultimately end in pain. There are some similarities to Buddhism. Mild pain and mild pleasure were acceptable; but great pleasure was ill advised, because it would eventually end, and thus lead to longing for more, which constitutes pain. When we long for something, our heart aches. The Stoics practised apatheia, "absence of feeling": a state of mind where the soul experiences no emotion at all. That was the only way in which the soul could be completely free. Any emotion would bind it to the body. Epicureans strove after ataraxia, "unperturbedness" of the soul: a state of mind where neither pain nor pleasure affected the soul too much. This was the highest "pleasure". First it must be said that hedonism in the modern sense was not the core of Epicurism: Epicurus used the word ἡδονή (hêdonê, "pleasure") in a less obvious sense. Because moderate pleasure did not compromise ataraxia, casual sex and good food were allowed. But falling in love and unhealthy gluttony led to pain and were anathema.