If an experienced person at the shop does it with their tools, it could take half an hour if all the spokes are the right length, it's a standard lacing, or they've done the same wheel before. For example, in this youtube video, a skilled wheelbuilder only takes 7:30 seconds to built a new 32-spoke wheel up from scratch using pre-measured spokes. Dishing and tensioning the wheel would take perhaps another five to ten minutes. 

I wouldn't use any solvents because you have carbon rims. 

Why not put a really big wheel on front and turn it into a rocking trike? 

I had to stretch the frame a bit to fit the 9-speed hub. Our Peugeot's are steel so that's not a problem. 

Once you got that sorted out, changing the size of the front wheel in a delta or rear wheel in a tadpole depends on the frame. In most cases, you won't have enough frame or fork clearance to put in a larger wheel. Furthermore, you'll also run into problems with your brakes (unless you have disc brakes) as the brake bosses will be in the wrong place. Your rim and associated tires might be too thick for the frame. Finally, you'll also change the angle at which the seat sits in relation to the handlebars. So in general, thinking about changing wheel size is a Bad Idea® because it won't fit, let alone stability issues. ( * Schwalbe Marathon Plus HS 440 Wire Tire) I'm looking at puncture-resistant tires and I see Schwalbe Marathons* listed for size 28 x 1 1/2. Are there 28 inch wheels? If not, what size is that meant to fit? WTB is offering a rim/rim design described as conforming to a standard, the Tubeless Compatible System. The rim has a rounded well over the spokes along the center. Is this rim incompatible with clincher tires and tubes? And is there anything special here compared to other tubeless designs? If it matters, the spokes are (I think - magnetic) painted steel, the nipples are also slightly magnetic, and the rim is double-wall aluminum. Here's the description: https://www.wtb.com/pages/tcs Is it common to see spoke nipples with heads rusted only on the side toward the hub, but not on the spoke body? 

I'm working through all the spokes on my front wheel, inspecting and spoke prepping all the nipples and replacing some. The above rust pattern is what I'm seeing, on almost all the nipples. 

It's just a standard schrader head. Locking heads are only needed for hand- or foot-pumps as you can't secure the head on while pumping the pump manually. 

These days, many "hand built" wheels are really hand finished. The machine does the initial lacing and tensioning, the human does the final tension balancing. This could take less than five minutes of human time. Like most things bicycling, there's little standardization of these. The most useful reference is here at Park Tool's site. If an experienced person at the shop does it with their tools, it could take half an hour if all the spokes are the right length, it's a standard lacing, or they've done the same wheel before. For example, in this youtube video, a skilled wheelbuilder only takes 7:30 seconds to built a new 32-spoke wheel up from scratch using pre-measured spokes. Dishing and tensioning the wheel would take perhaps another five to ten minutes. So I would say in terms of shop labor time, on the short side it'd be 0.5 hours of labor for a hub and rim that they're familiar with and have premeasured spokes for; to 2.0 hours for a hub and rim they've never seen and will have to do some research and maybe special ordering or fitting before they can start work on it. 

Note that if your bike has a presta or dunlop valve, you'll need either an adapter or a different head.