b. That Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle applied to time & energy seems to imply creation of energy is a standard popular interpretation, however I find this problematic given just how important conservation principles are in physics. Its also rife with philosophical interpretational issues. Taking Heisenberg principle seriously as uncertainty (which is how it was originally thought up) means you cannot be certain as to what energy is available in that time-frame. To ask for conservation at all times means that quantum reality has definiteness - and it is not clear exactly how this happens, if at all - at least in traditional frameworks like the Copenhagen explanation or its modern update Consistent Histories. 

In fact, a similar argument to Humes was also applied by the Islamic Theologian Al-Ghazali against the rationalists of his time - the Falsafas. He invoked Allah so that cause & effect happened. 

It certainly seems that the Ash'arite atomists in Islamic Philosophy (the Falsafa) seemed to go that step further: understanding that space is something they atomised it too. 

My understanding is that the greek atomists were forced to their theory by critiquing Parmenides monism where he denied the existence of the void (that is, is not) in his poem Of Nature: 

Watson's Guattari's Diagrammatic Thought addresses this directly, and in particular goes over the evolution of this concept in some detail (from p. 12): 

Pierce reformulated this several years later (Peirce, 1905, from "Issues of Pragmaticism" in The Monist v. XV, n. 4, pp. 481-499, see p. 481 via Google Books and via Internet Archive): 

I might suggest that Ockham's razor cuts both ways on these sorts of questions. Remember that Bostrom's own presentation of the question is a trilemma: either 

Even in its heyday many philosophers who on either doctrinal or sociological grounds can be grouped with the logical empiricists did not see themselves that way. We should not expect philosophers today to identify with the movement either. Each generation finds its place by emphasizing its differences from what has gone before. But the spirit of the movement still has its adherents. There are many who value clarity and who want to understand the methodology of science, its structure, and its prospects. There are many who want to find a natural home within a broad conception of science for conceptual innovation, for logic and mathematics, and for their own study of methodology. And importantly there are those who see in science a prospect for intellectual and social reform and who see in their own study of science some hope for freeing us all from the merely habitual ways of thinking “by which we are now possessed” (Kuhn 1962, 1). These are the motives that define the movement called logical empiricism. As Twain might have said, the reports of its death are greatly exaggerated. 

Mathematics is often taken as a kind of path to true. But its methods are not as simple as is popularly made out. 

But I take it that this is not what the question is about; that it's about whether Mr Jones experiences the colour red as red, but Mrs Jones experiences it as blue; that is we concieve the mind as in Dennets phrase as a private Cartesian theatre. 

The question is how that law comes about; Hume applying the strict logic that you are suggesting, showed that causality & induction are problematic; and suggested that human psychology was in part to inform regularities; this was affirmed by Kant who placed the mechanism deeper than psychology; it is in the very fabric of the mind - he called it the intuition; for the mind to experience the world it must already have a notion of space, time & causality; these are what he called the conditions for experience. 

The Isha Upanishad has something interesting to say about this: 

A general problem for the Western understanding of Indian philosophy is that it's not taken as philosophy. It's studied either in philology, theology & Sanskrit studies. To be fair philosophy is not a discipline apart - it interacts with other expressions of culture. 

And yes, 2+2=5 is a joke - and not to be taken seriously - other than to provoke a little thought amongst the mathematically or logically inclined. 

Question: Is Kuhns theory Marxist or Hegelian? 

Pin your faith to supernatural knowledge and stumble through a darkness deeper still. 

As direct experimentation at this level is simply out of the question; other means are used: agreement with existing theories; for example ST 'predicts': 

To suppose science has the answer for everything, is to make the same mistake when people thought that theology has the answer for everything. One must make a judgement, as well as understand different kinds of knowledge are possible, when we interpret knowledge in the broadest possible way. 

Is this a gesture (of fellowship) towards the experiment in scientific practice? Certainly we have such experiments in scientific discourse (as opposed to practice) Maxwell's demon, Schrödinger's cat & Turing's test.