header1header2header3 cell-----1cell------2cell-----3 cell-----4cell------5cell-----6 Then, today, I saw a different friend of mine on SuperUser, and he hadn't noticed the red inbox light either (or thought that it wasn't of much consequence) To make him less obnoxious, we ought to get rid of the clippycorn (sniff) and turn him into an expandable dropdown/tooltip or something. Maybe prune down the obvious stuff as well. I didn't think much of this at the time, as sometime people miss stuff. One would expect this to work, but the devs are pretty sneaky and managed to create exotic errors: Golden rule of the internet: If you don't want others to know what you're doing, don't do it! While a custom message may be the best, why not add a compulsory field where the mod can list some/all the bad reviews made by the user? This will ensure that examples are given, so the user will know which reviews were bad and can learn from it (or put a focused complaint on meta as opposed to a generic "I am banned and I have no clue why" one). Data collected in this field might lead to further improvements of the audit system as well. Lots of questions seem on-topic for another site--but they aren't. Heck, even regular community members have misconceptions regarding on-topicness on their main site (eg me). No hope? That's deletable then, really. While the inbox is obvious to me, it may just be because I'm used to it. And this may be the reason behind a small percentage of drive-by question askers as well; they don't realize that their post needs improving. Agreed; the current wording can be pretty confusing from what I've seen. (Note that the 1000 is random, I prefer 400/500) Clippycorn is a pretty obnoxious fellow, popping up all the time and saying stuff. After a while, though, you realise that half his comments are actually useful. Maybe not to you that much, but they would be useful to a newbie A few weeks ago my friend asked a question on Physics.SE. Later on, I saw him browsing the site, and noticed that he had an unread inbox notification. I pointed it out, and he said "Oh, that's an inbox notification?" (or something to that effect) He basically hadn't noticed it. Besides, it's open source. Given that the code for SE is closed source, integrating the two so that they both use stackauth may not be possible. Found all of them (there are 34, no more) Either way, "on hold" is just a wording change. In 5 days when it changes to "closed", nothing really changes other than the displayed text. So even if you _don't _ want to delete, I don't see much of a problem here. When I got my 3k powers on Physics, I was all for this feature. Also note that there already is something to make re-bountying harder (the re-bounty must be higher than the previous one). Now, there's probably a reason for it-- if the post didn't get an answer, it's probably not worth the previous bounty . This feature request works against the spirit of the existing feature. The chat message refers to Physics, but it applies to the entire network, IMO. While we're at it, why not link to the relevant audits for auto review bans as well? Consider the bounty as payment for giving the question more attention. When you drive a car, you don't get the fuel back, right? Yet energy is conserved--converted into a different form. Here, the "energy" (rep) is converted into a "different form" (attention). I knew that if I could remove the randomness from the code and replace it with iterations through all the possible values of the discretized random numbers, I'd be done. Since most of SOs users are tech-savvy, it may not be that useful on SO, but the rest of SE could certainly benefit from it. The faq isn't that useful all the time, and obviously we can't stuff it full of all the details. But we can stuff lots of links and helpful stuff into Clippycorn. Currently, when I need to explain the issues with recommendation questions, I link to Q&A is hard, let's go shopping!. Instead of trying to circumvent this, I suggest you explain to your boss how useful Stack Overflow is to you. It lets you learn, by asking questions and even by answering them. Lots of people will just never revoke the bounty (i.e., keep re-applying it), and the featured tab will get cluttered. Eventually, it will become like the Unanswered tab--full of lots of questions of which a small percentage get answered. The only difference is that there's an extra rep gain, so people will like using this "new unanswered tab" better.