Perhaps I'm getting ahead of everyone, as this appears to be a new feature and this may already be planned. But in case it isn't, I shall request it. 

The important judgments from flag weight come from trending, which is not really tied to your success rate. Whether you have a 75% success rate or a 100% success rate, a string of 15 bad flags will be equal amounts of bad news. The current system makes this very intuitive in that you'll receive the same penalty. But in the weighted system, the one who falls from a height will suffer a greater penalty, while the person who has a history of bad flags is not hampered as much. Chat rooms can now be tagged! You can add tags to a chat room while editing the description. This is more for the scoped chat rooms for sites like Stack Overflow that have such. It allows linking between the tag on the site and the corresponding chat room to be much easier. 

There's an issue, though. It treats edits to titles, bodies, and tags as separate entities, thus rendering 2-3 entries for any edit that affects multiple elements of one post. As with elsewhere on the network that this issue has been fixed, it should probably only render a single event per post. 

Your revised post brings back the premise and assumption that I think is unhealthy to consider. If a dismissed flag is "revived" from someone new flagging the same post, it can be redismissed and alter the flag weight of that user according to the new system. I noticed this after giving Gaming's Community a healthy +30 +40 bonus to its flag weight for a single post. 

If anyone else has been experiencing issues where your login credentials are not being recognized as existing on the Stack Exchange Network, when indeed they do, please speak up and provide any extra detail that you might have. The badge requirements were created because of the size and growth of Stack Overflow as a site, as well as the workload that moderators will have. We want moderators who will be active in handling this, and it was determined that the badges were strong requirements. If you frequent a tag very often, it appears that if it is not a part of a tag set of yours, or part of your favorite tags, it will get set as a "frequented tag", that is highlighted. 

It sprung up on me in the middle of my browsing... one second, I had a page of white questions, and then on refresh a great fraction turned blue. On the right, it says "set tag preferences", but there's nothing I can set to actually affect this, because I have no tag preferences. 

It also warns me that I've asked a question. Which is less than useful. Is it possible to have the inbox not send a notification to me if I am the author of the new Meta question? 

This has been tossed around inside and out between moderators, about how the flag dismissal system works when it comes to old flags. Prior to flag rating, bringing up the old flags helped for context and dismissal wouldn't really do anything. We made assumptions of how it worked in the new system. And, well, the Michaels were right, and I was wrong. 

This badge requirement is still specific to Stack Overflow, however, as explained above. This is also the case for hidden comments on the example questions, and I tested Apocalypse Defense as well. However, for Food and Cooking, which is still in the definition phase, the expansion works fine. 

When trying to register for an account, the OpenID is not recognized, as shown in the following image: This comes with a discussion with user Robusto that initially started from an inability to register a new account for the English Language & Usage Stack Exchange Blog. 

In order to reach a decent flag weight, you need to have a good success rate. Otherwise, things unrelated to your good flags will get in the way very easily. I digress. This is no longer an issue because we have removed all of the automatic triggers that convert a post to community wiki. Instead, flags will be raised for moderator attention to note that something has happened that may be of concern. 

The new ability to apply special formatting to tags in questions and answers is great! But I'd like to make a feature-request and hopefully not get shot for this horrendous abuse. Deleted comments primarily sit in the flow of a question. There is a lot of data that is parsed, and it is not in the same fashion as a catalogue. They interrupt the flow of that data, especially in the case of noise and junk (the majority of them, and the reason why we flag and delete most in the first place). Even if it were an "opt in" method as your closing paragraph suggests, that instead places a "highlight of importance". Like the number of spam flags, it implies that the presence of deleted comments means one should investigate or even monitor these, especially when the number changes. But there isn't anything to investigate or even do to them. We're only as far as the commitment phase, but I've been reading about the plans for when sites hit the closed beta. That's when we discuss all the colorful details of the future site, such as its real name, the FAQ, tagging nature, and other design stuffs. I agree with the idea of delaying this discussion until that stage, but then I started to wonder, "Where is this all going to happen?"