There is a Kantian argument against eating as much meat as we want. At some scale, mass consumption of meat requires factory farming which involves cruelty to the animals being witnessed by human beings. This can degrade the empathic ability of those who must witness this. We are treating them as mere means in degrading the faculty necessary for them to be full moral agents. So there is a cap on the volume of meat we can consume as long as our culture has limited technology and resources to care for the animals, and slaughter cannot be fully automated. The volume must be limited to the level where we can handle the animals appropriately and dispatch them respectfully, so as not degrade the moral sensitivity of the workers involved. 

(An example of where they conflict: By the continuous standard you can estimate seventeen women from the neolithic era reproduced for every man, from a more 'punctuated' point of view, it is more likely three, with mass eradications of whole nations of men at regular intervals that left the corresponding women with heirs. This is the downside of patrilineality...) 

From a Kuhnian point of view, a group of definitions, statistics, and laws holds together into an organized whole, that he calls a paradigm. Paradigms shift, when the paradigm starts failing to cover known data, or begins to have odd limitations on its explanations. 

Yes he did. He has a whole section on the inhabitants of other planets in a book he published called Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven (Allgemeine Naturgeschichte und Theorie des Himmels), published in 1755. 

Our mind plays an important role in the way our sense data is organized. My questions 

From a strictly materialist point of view, Hofstadter's concept of strange loop, and self-representational and higher order theories of consciousness would allow for a machine to reflect upon itself. Broadly speaking, these types of theories assert that conscious arises (or is possible) in systems which have the ability to monitor themselves, or store and process representations of themselves. If a system's repertoire of symbols is complex enough that it can store and manipulate symbols corresponding to itself, then it should be capable of self awareness. All the issue comes down to is the level and complexity of representation that the system is capable of. 

Where Kant would diverge from those who adopt the the self-representational theory of consciousness, is that he sees our self-awareness, or reflexiveness, as leading to free-will, whereas the self-representational models don't require or imply freewill at any point. Indeed many from that school believe that we don't have freewill in the traditional sense at all, they are all either compatibilists or hard determinists. 

B) The claim that out of "natural necessity" (and willing our own happiness as an end) we could we be morally justified in willing our own death, in the face of an inevitably deteriorating quality of life. 

As a further point, it seems common sense that we should take care of children (perhaps in particular our own), however I wonder whether Kant provides a rational basis on which to justify what seems to be the positive duties to say, provide for our family, to nourish and protect our children. It seems that love is demonstrative, sometimes gratuitous and actually performed in an special kind of way. 

Perhaps I have missed something! Thanks. 

We are obliged not to disregard the rationality in him, however we aren't necessarily impelled to see to it that this "setting of his own agenda" come to fruition. 

I know there are many permutations of questions pertaining to euthanasia, but in the interest of specificity, let's keep it to these two cases. 

C) To be essentially rational is to be bound unconditionally by the requirement of obedience (of the will) to rationality; 

How can Kan't moral schema account for this intuitively important active (rather than passive) quality to moral behaviour?