Reference of hadith: Shia hadith book Al-Khisal written by Shaykh Saduq volume 2 page 652 Another example can be seen in this verse. And this is the verse commanding Tawassul. At Badr war one Muslim came to prophet SAWW and said I do not have any sword. prophet took a wood in his hand and it became a sword and given it to the man. in immigration from mecca to Mdina prophet SAWW saw an old woman having a goat and said her give us some milk. she said no rain no grass no milk. he touched the goat and the goat had a lot of milk. prophets SAWW and infallible Imams and Awlia have Izn (permission to control nature) from God and even have the ability to create a living thing: Awlia are not dead. although they have left their worldly body. but they are alive and even their worldly body never expire and remains fresh in the grave. they see and hear us everyday and every moment (not by their worldly body. but by their soul). this is said in Quran: Indeed the rank of the fourteen infallibles is higher than past prophets. He said: "I will ask my Lord for forgiveness for you, verily He! Only He is the Oft-Forgiving, the Most Merciful." http://tanzil.net/#12:98 And their father did not say this is shirk you should ask God directly. but said: And [mention] Job, when he called to his Lord, "Indeed, adversity has touched me, and you are the Most Merciful of the merciful." http://tanzil.net/#21:83 The meaning of such actions that yo mentioned is in fact we know more than God and we are ordering to God to make for us what we prefer and not what God prefer to make for us. Reference of hadith: Shia hadith book Bihar al-Anwar volume 54 page 320 Indeed Allah (AWJ) in this earth, from the time created it, created seven world that were not from children of Adam. created them from surface of earth. so God inhabited them on earth and made one generation after another generation and for each made a world after another world on earth until finally created Adam the father of Bashar* and divaricated his descendents from him. And say (O Muhammad SAW) "Do deeds! Allah will see your deeds, and (so will) His Messenger and the believers. And you will be brought back to the All-Knower of the unseen and the seen. Then He will inform you of what you used to do." http://tanzil.net/#9:105 Also a scholar said in his memories that one time he was saying: Such actions are called Tawassul (using tools for supporting Dua to increase probability of its acceptance by Allah). its better to Tawassul be used only for spiritual purposes and not for worldly purposes. but some times it can be used for worldly purposes specially when God intends to finish a problem and solve a worldly problem. for example when prophet Ayyub a.s. (Job) asked God to cure him it was when God wanted to finish his sick and then he asked such Dua, unless he remained satisfied with will of God and never asked cure. Please note there is two kind of Tawassul. Tawassul can be done only for Awlia. and if it is done to idols or enemies of God it is Shirk. Quran in two verse one prohibite tawassul to idols and in another verse commands using Tawassul to Awlia (i.e. close friends of God specially the fourteen infallibles) Another hadith from Imam Baqir a.s. (the 5th Imam of Shia) sais: Here is a few examples of Miraculous Healing happening in the holey shrine of Imam Reza a.s. at Mashhad, Iran: Another method for seeing miracle is Tawassul. bby Tawassul there is a high possibility that one himself can see a miracle. currently many people are healed miraculously in places like holey shrine of twelve Imams in Iran and Iraq or Medina. for example: When your Lord said to the angels: 'I am placing on the earth a caliph,' they replied: 'Will You put there who corrupts and sheds blood, when we exalt Your praises and sanctify You?' He said: 'I know what you do not know'