Tibri related from Qatadah regarding the meaning of mid-arms, and a second hadith narrated from Ayesha that the Prophet said: "The woman who believes in Allah and the last Day, when she reaches puberty, it is not permitted for her to make visible anything except her face and arms till here(he pointed to the middle of his arms)". 

The price of a dog is evil, the earning of a prostitute is evil and the earning of a cupper is evil. Sahih Muslim 

Where a father disposes of his daughter's hand during her minority, she cannot be delivered to her husband before she attains puberty. In default of the father, the father's father exercises all his powers. Loss of virginity puts an end to the right of disposing of a daughter's hand without her consent ; and there is no différence in this respect between a loss caused by illicit cohabitation and one that is the conséquence of unlawful intercourse. 

There are different thresholds for cattle and produce from agricultural land. Items of use are not subject to Zakat. “A girl came to the Prophet and said: 'My father married me to his brother's son so that he might raise his status thereby.' The Prophet gave her the choice, and she said: 'I approve of what my father did, but I wanted women to know that their fathers have no right to do that.' ” Sunan Ibn Majah 

Its obviously not permitted to harass slave-women, that goes against everything Islam stands for. The Quran does not say that it was acceptable of them to harass the slave women, rather it just advised the Muslim women to do what they can in power to protect themselves, similar to how modern law enforcement would advise people to avoid dark alleys. 

Regarding Zakat there is a difference of opinion among the scholars. The Shafis, Malikis and Hanbalis hold the view that Zakat should be given from a minor's property by their guardian. The Hanafis hold the view that Zakat is not payable from a minor's wealth. (source Islamic Jurisprudence According To The Four Sunni Schools , Hanafi view in Hidayah). 

This means that if the hadith are interpreted to not subtract the length at the zenith, then Zuhr's time would literally never arrive in a day and Asr's conditions will be fulfilled at Zawal. 

I said, this is a good saying, but in habit and worship, face and hands are exposed, such as in Prayer and Pilgrimage when they are to be visible, then the better opinion is that a concession applies to them both. The evidence on it is that of Abu Daud that Ayesha narrated that when Asma bint Abi Bakr came to the Prophet wearing thin clothes, the Prophet turned his face and said: "O Asma. When a woman reaches puberty, it is not right for her to be seen except this part" And the Prophet pointed to his face and hands. " This is the more correct stance and is less likely to be disputed by the people ... hence women should not reveal their adornments except what is apparent in the face and hands. Ibn Khuazir who is from our scholars has said: "If a woman is beautiful fears that exposing her face and hands will spread seduction, then she should cover them. If she is old or not beautiful then she can uncover her face and hands. The issue is that the length of the shadow cast by an object varies with location (longitude\latitude) and the seasons (summer\winter). 

Below is my translation of Tafsir Al-Qurtubi on 24:31 If they are willing prostitutes and commit the act, then they would have committed Zina since it is sex with someone not a husband nor the master (23:5-7), and it is punishable under Shariah: The fourth type of marriage was that many people would enter upon a lady and she would never refuse anyone who came to her. Those were the prostitutes who used to fix flags at their doors as sign, and he who would wished, could have sexual intercourse with them ... But when Muhammad (ﷺ) was sent with the Truth, he abolished all the types of marriages observed in pre-Islamic period of Ignorance except the type of marriage the people recognize today. Saheeh Bukhari 

according to the Shafis and Hanbalis, if the pregnancy lasted less than four months then the funeral will not be offered, but will be offered if it lasted more than that. 

Saheeh Bukhari: Narrated Ibn Umar: Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) called me to present myself in front of him or the eve of the battle of Uhud, while I was fourteen years of age at that time, and he did not allow me to take part in that battle, but he called me in front of him on the eve of the battle of the Trench when I was fifteen years old, and he allowed me (to join the battle)."