In the event that inflation is expected at the time of signing the contract, the contract may be drawn up based on a currency or form of wealth other than that which is expected to fall, such as basing the contract on the following: I have 2 questions about the intention one should make when giving sadaqah, and hope someone here knows the answer. Languor: The state or feeling, often pleasant, of tiredness or inertia I may have misunderstood the fatwa, so please read it carefully yourself. Source: http://islamqa.info/en/115761 These 2 sections of the Quran to me seem to be saying that when it's time for worship, worship! When it's time to work, work! Work could possibly be considered a type of worship if your have the correct intention. However, I'm no scholar, so you should probably get this clarified by someone more reputable. My personal view of the 2 sections above (so take with a pinch of salt) Here are some definitions from Google search: Source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/all+kinds+of Relaxants: A drug used to promote relaxation or reduce tension. So my question is, if all relaxants and intoxicants are not forbidden, which types are not forbidden? i.e. which relaxants and intoxicants were not forbidden by the prophet of islam and/or God when the prophet of islam was alive? For scholarly reference: http://www.islamhelpline.net/node/9141 And islam does not dis-allow entertainment, but only allows those, which are not outside bounds of islam In short words, Everything is permissible, which is not Explicitly declared forbidden or disliked. So, all forms of entertainment are permissible, if they lie in the bounds of Halal in Quran and hadith. There are million forms of entertainment, so its not possible to write them all here one by one, so the above rule apply to all forms of entertainment.. There is general rule in islam, that we should Never Ever imitate Kuffar in any way. And touching the feet is integral part of hinduism. So based on the hadith of not imitating Kuffar we have to abstain from touching feet of elders by all means. 2nd view is that we have to do, what prophet Muhammad told us to do, otherwise everything added new to islam is an innovation and every innovation leads to hellfire. So as none of the sunnah tells us to do this act, so we should also stay away from it. (Above vies are my own views, and i am not a scholar, just learning islam) Keeping in mind that teachings of the Judaism is not assosciated with Propet Moses or Moosa peace be upon him or christianity to prophet Jesus or Isa peace be upon him directly as they are later formed and their inspiration contradict to the teachings of Prophet Abraham (Ibrahim).So on one side both Jews and Christians claim to follow the way of Prophet Abraham peace be upon him but are also involved in Shirk. All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions As Drwael has answered I want to make an addition ,In Quran Surah Baqarah , Allah Swt says So Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him was following the way of Prophet Abraham which rejects any idea of polytheism and believing oneness of God. It is narrated from Ibn Abbas Ra which interpretes that some well known jews and christians from madinah gathered and did debate with Muslims on religion and claiming their religion to be best and refusing prophethood of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him ,rejecting Quran as the holy book and asking muslims to enter into their deen or religion so Allah Swt revealed this ayah.