Hormone therapy The only working solution here at this stage would be a hormone therapy, which suppresses the production of urine during the night (if I am not mistaken) and therefore reduces the urge to urinate. candidates remark: sure I don't want to decide for him which friends to choose, but I see which children he likes and which might fit to him Children do have to develop the hormonal processes which make them wake up if they need to urinate during their sleep. Some do earlier, some do later, but you definitely can not "teach" them to wake up in the night! That's why a solution with a sensor in his pants which gives an alarm to wake him up will most probably not make sense yet. Now she's moving for 3 years to another country (very far away) and the evening after her family's "farewell party" he suddenly cried and was very very sad about loosing his best and only friend. Andrew, however, is definitely a lefty. Occasionally he will write with his right hand because his left hand gets tired, and his handwriting with his right hand is almost as good as his handwriting with his left hand. But his preference is obviously his left hand. My oldest is in kindergarten this year, and in our public schools here in the US stick-and-ball (ie. traditional manuscript) is the primary form of handwriting that is initially taught. More and more, cursive handwriting is being dropped from the curricula altogether. Edit: I would like to clarify: There is no issue with the school or his teacher. Most of his handwriting practice is here at home. His teacher does not currently "grade" his papers for neatness when it comes to handwriting mechanics. She is more concerned with whether or not his handwriting is legible. I don't care how he forms his letters as long as an "e" looks like an "e", an "x" looks like an "x" and so on. Even as a righty, I don't hold my pencil correctly or form my letters in a textbook fashion. I don't expect him to, either. The only time I make him re-form a letter is if it is extremely messy or if he has written the wrong letter (a b instead of a d, for example), and he is now getting to the point where he self-edits his own handwriting pretty well. The decision to teach him cursive is 100% my own and I really don't care if the school likes it or not. Manuscript handwriting is simply more time-consuming from a logical standpoint--you pick your pencil up after every letter and sometimes more than that. Almost all cursive letters are one continuous motion and even if you only connect two letters together at a time, you're cutting down on the amount of time it takes to write a word. I think, for him, this would help him feel more productive and enable him to complete his schoolwork in a more timely manner. Additionally, if I don't teach him cursive he most definitely will not learn it at school because it is no longer being taught. This is not a school issue. This is 100% me seeking advice on how best to teach my son cursive so that he can be successful at it. It has nothing to do with learning modalities or preferences, his own innate skills, or whether I should encourage his ambidextrous nature (which I do). I am specifically looking for resources (websites, handwriting curricula, etc.) that deal with the pitfalls people teaching lefties to write left-handed encounter. candidates remark: sure I don't want to decide for him which friends to choose, but I see which children he likes and which might fit to him Now she's moving for 3 years to another country (very far away) and the evening after her family's "farewell party" he suddenly cried and was very very sad about loosing his best and only friend. Children do have to develop the hormonal processes which make them wake up if they need to urinate during their sleep. Some do earlier, some do later, but you definitely can not "teach" them to wake up in the night! That's why a solution with a sensor in his pants which gives an alarm to wake him up will most probably not make sense yet. Hormone therapy The only working solution here at this stage would be a hormone therapy, which suppresses the production of urine during the night (if I am not mistaken) and therefore reduces the urge to urinate. (EDIT) 2 years later the situation has not changed. He is about 8.5 years now and still needs a diaper each night. To avoid an "overload" of the diaper, we wake him up and send him to the toilet once per night between midnight and 2 AM. That way, we can avoid the bed getting wet regularly and reduces the laundry dramatically. It is still difficult to wake him up, but he has become used to it and is cooperative most times (and only rarely reacts angrily). He already joins group activities like sports, swimming etc., so he also gets in contact with other children.