There is a very good reason why Tang Strip Fasteners are named as they are; the same as that bit of a sword blade that attaches to the hilt and handle.: 

Entrance varied dramatically by time and place, with students enrolling at Oxford or Paris around the age of 14 to study the liberal arts, and at Bologna around the age of 30 to study law. In France an initially very weak royal authority evolved into a rather strong nation state by the end of the Hundred Years War in 1453, perhaps partly as a direct consequence of it. The corresponding developments in modern Germany and Italy would not occur until 400 years later. Ironically, Royal/Imperial authority in the German region was initially much stronger, but faded rapidly over time. 

Prince is always a royal rank rather than a noble one, as are of course King and Queen and Emperor along with its variants (Kaiser, Tsar, King of Kings, etc.). I am unsure whether a Queen Consort is considered royal or noble, and this may actually vary by state. Suddenly they charged out from all the gates, without giving the enemy a chance of realizing what was happening or of preparing to meet their onslaught. It was a complete reversal of fortune: the Gauls who had counted on capturing the camp were surrounded and cut off. Of the forces that had taken part in the attack - known to number over thirty thousand - more than a third were killed; the rest fled in terror and were not allowed to rest even in the mountain tops. The processes are fascinating, and there are many youtube videos showing the forging/creation of medieval style weapons. A Discovery Channel 'How its Made' video can be seen here which shows some of these methods (peening and casting the pommel). A Nova special on Viking Ulfberht swords is also great for gaining an understanding of some of the procedures. 

So 20ft, or 6m appears to be the maximum distance a wooden beam bridge structure could be reasonably be expected to span. This also coincides with the estimate of the size of the drawbridge at Leeds. 

The author comes to this conclusion: 

The historian whose figures are mentioned is Orderic Vitalis, and the wiki page mentions, concerning him: 

So we have an estimate of roughly £400,000 for an income for William the Conqueror. I would say the cattle of the middle ages were definitely smaller than modern varieties. Then, the entry for August, which again references the 'winter crops': 

According to Plantagenet Ancestry: A Study In Colonial And Medieval Families, 2nd Edition . Michael(III) Earl of Suffolk was a commander of the Rear Guard of the Kings Army, from September through October 1415. 

I would particularly note that the part of the Russia facing and within Poland was formerly known as "Black Russia" (Russia Nigra) in contradistinction to White Russia, which was a crown land of the Czar hence the noble part of Russia. This consideration alone I think eliminates the animal explanation as a red herring and reinforces the dominant view (of Voltaire, et al) that the White refers to the noble or Czarist part of the country. 

Wives: Some women would be married and do whatever was necessary around the home. Making cloth and clothing consumed a lot of time which kept women busy. Many women would be unattached, being spinsters, free spirits or widows. Such women would work for a living being, well, spinsters (you guessed it) or knitters. There were usually certain professions set aside for single women, such as ale making. Many women were doctors/herbalists and harlotry was common. 

Later the poem describes how King Constantine of the Romans was converted to Christianity and speaks of Eusebius, "bishop of Rome".