Well, there are an awful lot of different sentences in any language; if not an infinite number, at least an extremely large number, especially if you allow recursion without limit. How does one describe them all? No matter when we start, we'll never finish. That's not helpful. In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support. DS is invoked whenever a construction requiring an auxiliary verb (like Question or Negative): Oh, and dislocation is not a feature of British English. It's all over the US, for instance. This can be extended ad libitum, with stacked prepositional phrases. Among others, Ross gives the extreme example (antecedent and coreferential relative boldfaced): and other topics, like speech acts, irony, and politeness. Everything else is semantics. Or so it goes. So the question is, what is it when it heads a relative clause? Look at the data. Assuming one can recognize Passive sentences and distinguish them from Active sentences, one will soon discover that for every Passive sentence there is a corresponding Active sentence -- perhaps with an indefinite subject when the Passive sentence lacks a by-phrase -- but that this is not true in reverse. The following Active sentences, for instance, have no corresponding Passive sentences: What was problematic about I-lowering (and lowering in general) is that it created an improper chain, with an unbound trace. Two theories were proposed back then, Chomsky 1991 in favor of LF V-raising or Bobaljik 1995 in favor of I-lowering at PF. Of course! The usual term is a (sentence) fragment, some started using the term "nonsententials". What language(s) are you interested in? What syntactic theory? the noisy yellow airplanes that scared the children in the yard, [that scared the children in the yard] is a complement clause. As you can see from the examples above, the verb “say” in this sense is used transitively, i.e. it takes a direct object. All dictionaries of Modern English mark this dated use as legalese or used humorously. I personally prefer the definition of conversion as "the phenomenon in which one base-word (stem) may function as a member of different lexical categories" (Don, Trommelen, and Zonneveld 2000: 943, cf. Mel'čuk 1973, Plungian 2011: 149). In other words, a stem that underwent a functional transposition A=>B starts to behave syntactically as other members of class B: OED: permit (noun), from permit (verb) I would like to post a very important quote re: parameters and Minimalist Program from Gallego 2011 (The Oxford Handbook of Linguistic Minimalism): "Minimalism is probably not the best framework to investigate parameters [...]. The early P&P thesis that variation is encoded in the syntax [...] must be abandoned [...]." I'm afraid that The atoms of language reflects old-fashioned ideas of the P&P framework, popular in the 1980s-early 90s. sufficient as a determinative: Quite often the same word can belong to both word classes, adjectives and determinatives, e.g. “sufficient”. Something to start with, based on English, purely descriptive. Have a look at section 14.3 The constructional principles of spoken grammar in the monumental "Longman Grammar of Spoken and Written English", esp. 14.3.3. Syntactic non-clausal units and 14.3.4 Ellipsis in clausal units. Or "From utterance to discourse" in the "Cambridge Grammar of English" by Carter and McCarthy. gets applied to a verb chain without an auxiliary verb in it already; i.e, a bare main verb: Relative and interrogative pronouns and their allies, descended from the PIE root *kʷo- In English these start with WH: where, what, whither, whence, when, how, who, why, whether, etc. Tensed Adverb clauses don't allow it any more, though they used to in Chaucer's day: Jim McCawley put it this way, when he was describing his research areas: This is an optional rule that applies only in a minority of relative clauses where the relative pronoun is not a subject or object, but rather the object of a preposition. As I used to tell my students, if you don't have an auxiliary verb, you have to go out and get one, and the one that you get is do. Another point to make is that corresponding Active/Passive sentences mean the same thing. Look at the data. Assuming one can recognize Passive sentences and distinguish them from Active sentences, one will soon discover that for every Passive sentence there is a corresponding Active sentence -- perhaps with an indefinite subject when the Passive sentence lacks a by-phrase -- but that this is not true in reverse. The following Active sentences, for instance, have no corresponding Passive sentences: