Referring to the people who are "without excuse" from Romans 1, Williams writes: 

So we see that this is certainly not merely a "medieval" interpretation; at least some in the early church held to it as well. The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) 

For a few other examples, he cites Psalm 51 ("I was born in guilt, in sin my mother conceived me") to demonstrate the sinfulness of man, and uses language reminiscent of Deuteronomy 32:35 ("Vengeance is mine and recompense") to argue for God's superiority to man. Substitutionary atonement is also clearly seen in Miracles: For King, individual salvation in some ways resembles that of historic Protestantism – man is a sinner needing salvation, which is by faith – but differs in other ways, such as in his rejection of a physical resurrection of believers. This understanding fits neatly in his broader understanding of salvation, which applies not just to individuals, but to societies as well. 

Did he express a preference? Though he takes this general approach, can we glean from Lewis's writings to see which models he preferred, or at least, ones he did not prefer? Yes, but the task is difficult. For example, the language of The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is actually less clear than an initial reading indicates: later in the book, the atonement is simply attributed to "deep magic" with no further explanation. Similarly, in Till We Have Faces, the mechanism behind a substitute sacrifice is not explained. 

Letter to Arthur Greeves, quoted in James W. Menzies, True Myth, 192 Mere Christianity, Book 2, Chapter 4, "The Perfect Penitent." See also The Problem of Pain, chapter 5. Letter to Dom Bede, quoted in Walter Hooper, C. S. Lewis, 307 Reflections on the Psalms, Chapter 4 Miracles, Chapter 14 Perelandra, Chapter 11 DeYoung, "Cautions for Mere Christianity" (also archived via WebCite) Scott R. Burson and Jerry L. Walls, C. S. Lewis & Francis Schaeffer, "The Nature of Salvation" Touchstone, April 2009, "Mere Atonement" (also archived via WebCite) 

In response, Aslan, the representation of Christ, says: This view has some early support from at least one church father, Theodoret of Cyrus: Summary The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe can indeed be seen as a microcosm of Lewis's thought on the atonement: in it, Lewis refuses "to be bound by any one depiction of the Atonement."9 His other writing makes it clear that he does not see any need to settle on a particular theory of the atonement, considering it to be something beyond human understanding. He communicated to Abram (Abraham), and Abraham believed God and God justified him by faith (Genesis 15:5-6), then he later ratified his faith by works of faith and obedience (James 2:21-24). Again, this was before there were Israelites. Curiously, what God said to him in Gen. 15, and what Abraham believed, was not a clear gospel story; God justified him for his trusting in God. 

You don't state it, but it appears that your real question is one that has been asked thousands of times: "What about those who have never heard the Gospel? Isn't it unfair that they would go to @#!*% when they did not have the chance to hear the gospel and be saved?" If this is your question, you should ask it. You wrote: "These people had NO CHANCE to hear the gospel. Yet the above verses all show that God desires all to be saved. Doesn't that logically imply that people can be saved without coming to believe in the Gospel?" All one has to do to understand these verses is to 'think Judas'. Although never properly sanctified by inner regeneration, his mind had been in a sense 'sanctified'. What confuses some is they automatically think a person can experience no kind of sanctification except after justification but this is not correct. For example a 'unbelieving' spouse is sanctified in some ways by the believing spouse to make a marriage holy even when one spouse is not inwardly sanctified. Note: I am not sure Miley truly represents original Methodist though under John Wesley, but am pretty sure is he correctly representing original Remonstrant beliefs, which seem to also be his own. The truth is those who believe that every true believer will persevere by faith (or once saved always saved) these verses pose no difficulty whatsoever. On the contrary they are the most clear descriptions of cursed men who produce nothing but thorns even when tasting the Spirit in external convictions, powerful displays and convincing demonstration on the truthfulness of the gospel, which they fully reject.