Now I mention cheating. You mentioned alternate topologies on which we may define a "straight line" to have behaviors different from Euclid's. This is just a linguistic issue. If Euclid had called it a FribbleMoose, we'd probably invent a new term for the concept in other topologies. But "straight line" still has an intuitive appeal." What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. Personally, I find the things I call mathematics all have a common root structure: Model Theory and Proof Theory. Model Theory studies the semantics of mathematical models while Proof Theory studies the syntax of mathematical proofs. I have generally found that things I call mathematics boil down to one or both of these roots, while things I call not-mathematics do not. This is mathematics! We can define anything we bloody well want! A FribbleMoose may be a neat definition to work with. However, it is him electing to call it a "straight line" that suggests that this mathematical definition may have real life implications. This implication is not material to the definition. If it turned out that all of society agreed that Euclid's wording was a poor one, it would at least still have at least as much meaning as a FribbleMoose had, although people may complain about his deceitful naming scheme. To give a concrete example, the strings of length 3: 0 heads = 1 string ({T, T, T}), 1 heads = 3 strings ({H, T, T}, {T, H, T}, {T, T, H}), 2 heads = 3 strings ({H, H, T}, {H, T, H}, {T, H, H}), 3 heads = 1 string ({H, H, H}). 8 total strings, each with a probability of occurring of 1/8. Thus, by addition, probability of 0 heads = 1/8, 1 heads = 3/8, 2 heads = 3/8, 3 heads = 1/8 That being said, there are many cases where we wish to talk about a domain of "everything." Such a thing is often called the "Universe," and it encapsulates every "thing" which one may wish to talk about using the language of mathematics. It is often given the symbol "U," but it is typically referred to using words first, to make its meaning perfectly clear. Euclid's definition of a line is really two pieces. The first doesn't care about how it maps to the real world, so he could have said You are comparing two different cases. One is "the probability of landing heads on the next flip" and the other is "sum of the number of heads." The latter is governed by the Central Limit Theorem, which explains why the sum converges so rapidly (in many cases). Summing acts very differently than simply asking "what's the next result," and its the summing that causes the convergence. What you ask for is a bit tricky because you are using an informal concept to describe variables, rather than the very exacting formal definition of what 'x' really means. In general, informal concepts tend to run into trouble when you try to take the opposite of them, because they weren't sufficiently rigorously defined to survive such a treatment. A recent trend is paraconsistent logic which attempts to formalise dialethism - that there are true contradictions. In the continental tradition, one can consider Hegel as a dialtheist, in Buddhism - Nagarjuna and also the classic poem - The Tao. Da Costa kick-started the modern revival of formal paraconsistent logic, and Graham Priest is an able practitioner. For one thing, a formalisation appears to be only a perspective or an approximation. For example I have a circle in mind, I could choose to formalise this as a figure of plane geometry as Euclid originally did or a 1-dimensional smooth manifold. It is approximate, as formalisations have changed over time, and are likely to keep on doing so. But they needn't have worried, current set theorists have considered large cardinal axioms that go far, far beyond the kind of infinities envisaged by Cantor. And still there is territory far, far beyond what they have currently surveyed. In a way, considering the territory yet to cover, it's as almost as though we've never even come out of the safe shelter of the finite. So mathematics is the collection of shared human intuitions that can be detached from all instances and still retain meaning for us as an abstract pattern. Every discipline relies upon some evolved experience and intuition. But our logical and spatial intuitions apply to pretty much every action we take, and therefore have a lot more opportunities to fail us, and get improved. In doing math, we are merely extracting the combinatorial power bred into us. Its originator was a good mathematician, but not very gifted philosopher, and expressed his intention very poorly. So very few people grasp the approach as an alternative view of mathematics, and instead see it as a precursor to constructivism, or a weird experiment in alternative logic. The most straightforward way out of this conundrum is to localize logic. There are a lot of variants of this (my favorite being neo-Intuitionism) but most of them can be captured by the notion of Mathematical fictionalism.