You can see a list of posts that have notices at the annotated posts route He also added a recommendation: This logging is key, we will be monitoring it over the next few days and based on the data decide how to adjust the workflow and algorithm. This new system heavily favo[u]rs substantive edits. There are a few side-effects but we will be measuring them. As my heroine Mariah Carey says: "Love takes time". So yes, I understand that the fishing for interesting jobs in a tiny geographic segment of the market will take a while. If you think something should be a comment please flag it. If we had separate pools we could tell people ... hey you are about to run out of answer votes, how about voting on some questions. At the moment this is the algorithm ... it is totally subject to change: NOTE this feature is designed to salvage "good" information from non-answers. It is not meant to be used to convert "thank you" answers to comments - they should be simply deleted. If there is a clash on body, we check how big your edit was and how big the previous edit was. When you try to save your edit we attempt to perform all the trivial merges (eg: you edited tags, they edited title) if they go through we save silently. I should be able to add a recommendation prior to sign-up or after sign-up. We just deployed some changes that heavily tone down the way it works. Should the answerers of duplicate questions gain reputation for answering them? Has anybody built a complete prism bundle for chat that includes sys tray support? You define a bundle, and then can launch your webapp as though it were a desktop application. Moderators now have the ability to add "notices" on posts, like the current post Click here to create your accout... What badges do we need to restructure to take account theses changes? Which badges should we introduce? Yes, this should be done automatically in the background, all the shortened links will rot long term and become useless. The reality is that this is incredibly rare. Should we be allowed to fix minor typos in comments? I am not convinced there is a real problem we are solving with this particular fix, though I am not against improving our quality filters. There are a bunch of advantages here (as related to chat): I would like to add LinkedIn-style recommendations to my old colleagues, to help them in their job hunting. At the end of the day this is a simple usability issue, you are showing me information that is not at all relevant to me in 200% font size and I would like the information either made relevant or taken away. It would be mighty nifty to have search box that uses google custom search on the stackexchange.com site to search all the stack exchange sites. From a business perspective this has been marketed as a global service, when in reality it is a very north american centric service with infrastructure to go global. I think it should be made clear to people who sign up today, if say, they are from Alice Springs that it is not that likely anyone will be contacting them in the near future. In the recent podcast Jeff and Joel talked about the idea of having separate vote pools for questions and answers. So, for example you would have 10 question votes a day and 30 answer votes. I have been busy sending a few of them Careers invites. Do you like the idea of separate vote pools for questions and answers? If so what should they be set to? It allows you to convert web apps into desktop applications. For example, add a text box on the invite with my recommendation: By asking a duplicate question you are diluting the value of the site. It takes lots of TLC to find the dupe and merge it in, yet you are still rewarded for producing that work. However, I don't want to have to open a gazzilion pages to participate. I understand that currently there is no technical way to make the information relevant but technical problems can be solved, you can gather more information from employers. Having said that, the more serious problem is that it would seem that this information should be of no concern to me anyway (according to the careers philosophy), so why not simply take it away?