Other than that, don't look at haram things. Try and not even think about sex and related subjects. Ask Allah to help you deal with sexual desires. 

It was narrated that Aslam the freed slave of ‘Umar said: When ‘Umar went to Syria, one of the leaders of the Christians made food for him and called him. ‘Umar said: We will not enter your churches because of the images that are in them – meaning the statues. Narrated by ‘Abd al-Razzaaq in al-Musannaf (1/411 and 10/398). 

But it is at least makrooh as the Prophet never entered any building where there were images. 

Nowadays, there are a lot of churches which have images. It is makrooh to use them or even enter them as stated above. 

There shall be no coercion/compulsion in matters of faith. 

I am speaking about “Islam” in the sense of faith in One God, believing in all the prophets and messengers of God, including Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad (peace be upon them), believing in the Divine Books that God had revealed, including the Torah, Gospel, and Quran, believing in the Afterlife, and the rest of the “pillars of faith” in Islam. 

This means that birds that hunt with talons (claws) are haram to eat. 

As a general Islamic rule, it would be considered as a haram practice to touch the script of the Holy Qur'an with any part of one's body, without performing Wudhu. But in regards to your second inquiry that you asked 

Imam Sadiq (a.s.) responded the question which asked about the mentioned matter that: 

The answer is that @American Muslim declared, generally (as a general Islamic rule), insects are considered as haram things that you are not allowed to eat them (Unfortunately many people used to eat different kinds of insects… especially in some of south eastern countries). But there is no problem in eating grasshopper (by observing some conditions) and you can eat it. And even I reckon there are some or many people (particularly Arab people) that still eat grasshopper as a halal food. 

Since the holy Qur'an is not solely a reciting book, haply it is an understanding book which Muslims must perform it in their life. 

According to the traditions, dying hairs of head and face (beard) is Mustahab (recommended) by henna (or black colour). In fact, it is not Haram and even it is recommended in the narrations. 

Based on my research, I concluded that: 

Since according to the definition of Shirk: 

As a brief answer, haram meat creatures are divided into several categories (in general): 

And do not insult those they invoke other than Allah, lest they insult Allah in enmity without knowledge. Thus We have made pleasing to every community their deeds. Then to their Lord is their return, and He will inform them about what they used to do. (108) 

http://islamquest.net/fa/archive/question/fa15153 

It doesn't seem to be haram for a husband to get his 13 or 14-year-old wife pregnant. Because a girl who has reached the age of puberty, is allowed to get married and ... 

One of the points which we ought to notice when the Quran is recited, is being silent in order to listening to its verses to meditate in them. The apparent of the mentioned verse shows that it is a general ruling, but in accordance with the narrations and likewise the unison of the Olama' (or scholars) it could be presumption that generally it is a Mustahab (recommended) ruling and it is worthy and suitable for people not to speak during the Qur'an is recited.