But in the West, the bishops fought back. Ambrose excommunicated Theodosius I over a massacre he ordered, while Pope Innocent III was especially prolific in applying excommunication and the interdict (prohibition of rites throughout a geographic area): 

Schaff also mentions on the same page that Augustine spoke at least relatively favorably of the doctrine in De libero arbitrio, though he later emphatically rejected it. Many commentators throughout church history have addressed this issue, though not all of them have done so while specifically citing or quoting the passage in question. Thus, for example, we can't necessarily agree with modern editors when they tell us that the Didache (1st/2nd century) and the Apostolic Constitutions (4th century) were referring to Exodus 21:23: John 10:18 No one takes it from me, but I lay it down on my own. I have power to lay it down, and power to take it up again. 

Anselm's satisfaction theory of the atonement is developed in his book, Cur Deus Homo, and, as presented, is not "based on the Bible" like we might expect. Instead, Anselm relies heavily on logic, and largely avoids citing Scripture to make his case. 

In this theological milieu, the argument goes, a work referring to "prophets," like the Didache, could not have been accepted as canonical: the church fathers were reacting against a heretical movement and considered the Didache to be associated with it. Some scholars contend that as a second century work it was itself proto-Montanist,12 but others, holding to an earlier date of composition, argue that its mere mention of prophecy in the church (11:3–11) was damning. Aaron Milavec makes the case: Kydd argues that this is glossolalia, though the text does not state this explicitly. Kydd makes the same argument about an ambiguous passage in Origen's writings Against Celsus, 7.9. Celsus wrote his work around AD 177, criticizing Christianity, and Origen describes a portion of it as follows: It's also specifically commanded in the canons of the Council of Laodicea (363): Wikipedia's article on Christian denominations appears to have what you are looking for. The major branches are listed in one graphic: 

Anselm presents his ideas through a conversation between himself and an interlocutor named Boso. Anselm and Boso do not typically cite their sources when quoting from the Bible, and the wording they use doesn't always match modern translations. Below, the Bible quotes are all directly from the text of Cur Deus Homo, not a "standard" translation of the Bible, but the links point to the NABRE. 

The first evidence for speaking in tongues that Kydd mentions comes from the Ecclesiastical History (5.16) of Eusebius. He cites the second-century history of Apolinarius of Hierapolis, who criticizes Montanism. Describing the movement's namesake, the text reads: 

As far as the prevalence of the practice, this is a bit more difficult to confirm, but we do know that Cyril of Jerusalem (313–386) commanded it of women in his catechetical lectures: 

1 Many modern scholars do not believe Paul wrote Titus, Ephesians, or Colossians, in part because they doubt the man who had said, "There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus," (Galatians 3:28), and who urged Philemon to free Onesimus and accept him as a brother (Philemon 1:15-16), would have been so accommodating to slavery. Finally, 1 Peter 2:18-21 commands slaves to accept whatever harsh treatment their masters deal out. Similar instructions appear in Colossians 3:22-4:1. This is followed a few verses later (Ephesians 6:9) with: 

The starting point for Christian justification of slavery is Genesis 9:24-27. Exodus 21 contains rules and regulations for slave owners. A male Hebrew sold into slavery had to be released after six years, but females and children born into slavery could be held for life under certain conditions. A male slave could choose to remain a slave in order to stay with his family. 

Several Fathers came out against Augustine's extreme views - which Augustine himself later came to renounce later in life. Most notably was John Cassian, who wrote in his Conferences: 

Aside from a possible quote from the book in Clement's 2nd Epistle (whose authenticity Eusebius seems to dispute), there is no evidence that any Church Father considered the Gospel of Thomas or any other apocryphal gospel to be canonical. It is not included in the list given by Athanasius (Festal Letter XXXIX), nor in any of the lists enumerated by any local or ecumenical council, nor in the later Exact Exposition of the Orthodox Faith, by John of Damascus. 

Some have painted Cassian's view of synergy - the cooperation of man's will with God's grace - with a broad brush and called it just Pelagianism, plain and simple. But belief that man is saved through the cooperation of his free will with God's grace is a far cry from belief that man can be saved through his free will alone. Even the synergistic view - which John Cassian points out has firm support in Scripture - is derided by some as being "semi-Pelagian". 

That is not to say that there were not some who called themselves "Christians" who would have considered the book to be Scripture, as historians suggest, but the sects who held these beliefs were considered to be/have been heretical by the Church of the Ecumenical Councils.