The present text is a translation - in the sense of rational reconstruction - by Popper of a text from Habermas. Husserl has published Philosophy as Rigorous Science besides many essays like Ideas Pertaining to a Pure Phenomenology and to a Phenomenological Philosophy with phenomenology already in the title. In the field of mathematics you are free to create arbitrary ideas as long as they are free from inconsistencies. Mathematical concepts do not necessarily relate to the real world. The empty set is a clever concept from set theory. E.g., it is useful to define the intersection of two sets even when they are disjunct. Moreover the empty set is the basis of von Neumann's construction of natural numbers. Different from the things-in-themselves there exists only one empty set. But the text shows how the result could look like when translating Heidegger into clear English by an analytic philosopher. The method of deduction is characteristic for mathematics, while searching for the beginnings is characteristic for dialectics. Dialectic (to dialegesthai) is Plato’s name for his kind of philosophy, developing philosophical insights by discussion. Even for physics the concept of physicalism is to narrow when it is reduced to matter as basic concept. Since the days of Faraday and Maxwell the concept of field becomes increasingly important. Today it is discussed whether the field-concept is more fundamental than the matter-concept; e.g., whether particles are the excited states of a corresponding field. I am willing to reserve for Plato's theory of forms a special room in a virtual museum of European history of ideas, but anyhow: It is a room in a museum! An advanced text is Albert, Hans: Treatise on Critical Reason (1985), see http://www.amazon.com/Treatise-Critical-Reason-Princeton-Library/dp/0691072957/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1450071689&sr=1-1 Albert is a follower of Karl Popper. Popper describes his three worlds e.g., in Chapter P2, of Popper, Karl; Eccles, John: Das Ich und sein Gehirn. 1982 (Originally: The Self and its Brain. 1972). Hence one should not over-interpret the term form in the word value form. I think one does not need not relate it to the philosophical concept of form introduced by Plato or used by Hegel. None of the eminent thinkers like e.g., Aristotle, Newton, Leibniz, Kant, Einstein have attributed a normative aspect to time. I think neither do McTaggart' A,B,C series. Notwithstanding all made different and partially incompatible statements about the concept of time, they all considered time a descriptive concept. Proposition 4.1: “The proposition is a picture of reality. The proposition is a model of the reality as we think it is. (= Der Satz ist ein Bild der Wirklichkeit. Der Satz ist ein Modell der Wirklichkeit, so wie wir sie uns denken.)“ Why does the question of a normative aspect of time occupy you? Gerhard Roth, a philosopher and biologist, has developed a constructivist epistemology based on investigations from neuroscience. Most of his publications are in German. https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerhard_Roth_(Biologe) Already this Ansatz of the picture theory can be questioned from the viewpoint of constructivism: We do not know the structure of reality, hence we cannot determine whether the proposition maps to its structure. All we can do, is constructing from our sensory input due to repeated experience a model with its structure. As Kant puts it: The thing in itself is not recognizable. Wittgenstein presupposes that reality has a structure which resembles the logical structure of our propositions. Notably, he presupposes a logical structure of reality resembling the logical structure of purged language.