An informal investigation might simply consist of an administrator in an agency asking his or her subordinates what happened and asking them to locate relative documents from their own files, voluntary statements and publicly available information related to a question. Some agencies have more formalized procedures than others. Not all investigations require the use of compulsory testimony, although almost all would have one or more people assigned to conduct the investigation. The subsequent developments in the enemy combatant cases (some of which arose collaterally in the criminal trial of Padilla), haven't really change the relevant law. There have also been military commission cases since Padilla, but they go to the question of the proper scope and process to apply in military commissions of enemy combatants imposing some punishment beyond indefinite detention as a quasi-prisoner of war for the duration of the war on terrorism authorized by the AUMF. Similarly, a legislature is usually considered to be an organ of the government rather than an entity in its own right that can be sued for money damages or injunctive relief, in most cases. Instead, it has governmental immunity from lawsuits. Some jurisdictions have no legal limitations on running for office. Consider Dorset, Minnesota which had a four year old Mayor. Some investigations (e.g. background investigations of people seeking a security clearance, plane crash investigation by the NTSB, computerized arithmetic reviews of tax returns filed by the IRS) are mandated as a matter of course by a statute, regulation or standing order in every case meeting its criteria, or on a randomized basis (e.g. bankruptcy case and tax audits). Realistically, any place that adopts Sharia law will probably find that at least some local cultural practices are part of Sharia law, even though Islamic authorities in other areas or other schools of thought would disagree. (4) Mr. Padilla possesses intelligence, including intelligence about personnel and activities of al Qaeda, that, if communicated to the U.S., would aid U.S. efforts to prevent attacks by al Qaeda on the United States or its armed forces, other governmental personnel, or citizens; It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data. For Political Symbolism Sometimes laws that are found to be unconstitutional or are substantively repealed are kept on the books for symbolic political purposes. For example, in Colorado, adultery is illegal and remains in the criminal code, but there is no penalty in the criminal code for violating that section of the criminal code, it is actually a crime in Colorado to bring a civil action alleging adultery, and adultery is not a ground for divorce or a factor that can be considered in a divorce proceeding. But, legislators felt that actually repealing the adultery law as opposed to retaining a statute that says it is illegal with no penalty, would appear to condone conduct that is overwhelmingly viewed as immoral, at least. The underlying political theory behind the First Amendment protection of the media mentioned in the other answer is that the governments and courts cannot be trusted to determine what is and is not true outside of the context of commercial speech where there is substantial regulation of untrue claims. A U.S. official would have to establish in a Declaration under penalty of perjury that an individual was associated with one of the terrorist organizations covered by the AUMF to declare someone an enemy combatant. The AUMF does not apply to "terrorist organizations" in general. It is also established from a variety of post-9-11 cases that anyone so detained would have, at a minimum, a right to seek their freedom via a petition for habeas corpus from which they or someone on their behalf, could petition to a U.S. District Court to seek their release.