You can switch "fast forward" on by changing the format to that of a journal, a diary, a logbook. I covered three months of space flight under hibernation with a computer log. I covered thirty years of political developments with press headers. 

Imagine there's a bunch of trinkets on the table, but you want to drill into the reader's mind that "dark cherry lipstick is important". 

Edit: Elaborating on gradating focus: 

The speed of passage of time between paragraphs must be gradual, at least one paragraph per speed. 

Of course that's one of the "rules that exist to be broken". If you have a good reason to rapidly shift gears, do so. "He remained still over the next three seconds. Then he continued to remain still for another two centuries." 

No rules. But some guidelines: 

No, what you do is describe the observer's - the protagonist's reaction to noticing them. That way you draw more than usual amount of attention to a generic item which is too generic to grant extra detail in description. 

He didn't even flinch when they came, took him away, locked in jail. The questioning, the trial, it all passed in a blur. It was only three years into serving his sentence, when... 

Bigger gaps are allowed but mark them as such. Four months in a coma shouldn't be a three-asterisk break. It should be a start of another volume. 

You can switch to even higher gear by shifting the perspective to an eternal observer. A gargoyle on the roof. A sapling growing from a seed into a magnificent tree. A mountain carved by erosion. That way years or even millennia pass and the reader isn't alienated. 

And here I shift from second-by-second to years, within span of two paragraphs, but they give time passage literally. 

None of these is written in stone. But - as you said - violating them may be frustrating for the reader. 

"Excuse me, I didn't quite catch that..." he broke out of the stupor belatedly noticing the host answered his question while he wasn't paying attention. 

"So, who lives here, miss Jansky?" he asked the landlady, trying to hide his emotion. The color of the tube of lipstick just wouldn't give him peace. It wasn't unusual in any way, common color, common brand. Still... that color would strangely set his heart aflutter. It felt both painful and ecstatic. 

I guess there's a bunch of other rules which I forgot, but let me repeat one that is an utter crime against immersion: no "deus ex machina" even on little things. If it's visible to the narrator, and matters any, it's visible to the reader. If it appears, it appears, a process. If it changes in plain sight, we notice the changes. 

Instead of jumping with the storyline, use retrospection and prediction; instead of saying "30 years later" on beginning of next chapter, write "'...and that happened roughly 30 years ago,' said the protagonist closing the photo album. 'And now that leaves up with today's situation...'" 

You can't draw the whole scene vividly and clearly, there's simply no room and you'd bore the reader to death. You mention everything that's important directly or building the mood. Still, some objects "need more love". Merely stopping and writing a more detailed description will not do them justice, especially that mood-building may call upon describing a completely insignificant background element in painstaking detail. 

Note every single of these rules can be violated - but violate them consciously, for dramatic effect. Suddenly replace a nice renaissance town with a movie scene, there's the car, and there are cameras, and the yelling director. Or something just surprisingly happens to be in the field of vision of the protagonist and it wasn't there before, and they make a double take: it just appeared suddenly without them noticing! (or, after good foreshadowing - they do not realize it appeared suddenly - and the reader has a moment of creepy when the protagonist's mind is affected to not notice the weirdness of the elephant in the room.) Go full meta with the narrator explicitly telling the story to the readers and notoriously commenting on it. Violate the rules - when you know what you're doing. Accidental violations just spoil the story.