Ancient Egyptians have produced glass lenses that were once readily identified as reading aid lenses, but this theory is now largely discredited because the surviving objects are lenses – but not considered suitable as reading aids since they are too thick and of inferior material to be useable. (Source: Alfred Wiedemann: "Das alte Ägypten" In: W. Foy (Ed.): Kulturgeschichtliche Bibliothek (= I. Reihe: Ethnologische Bibliothek). Band 2. C. Winters, Heidelberg 1920, S. 412.) 

While at first the Jews were largely left to their own devices – even after the Great Jewish War – this changed quite substantially after the Bar-Kokhba revolt. 

This seems to indicate that at least the phrasing of "banned" is somehow problematic, since this doesn't mean that no actor ever attended the games. Such regulations, being more symbolic than anything else, describe foremost the self-image of the society – not the reality of it. Finding examples that counteract to these regulations seems easy. Roman society is seen as heavily stratified. But there is legitimate reason to see this much laxer than proscribed. People sneaking in, in the sense of sitting where they didn't belong, seems to have occurred often. They had to have a ticket, or a benefactor, then they were "in". 

Before that, folk and family medicine and remedies, and mountain men, Marsi and snake handlers (considered experts of healing even by the later Galen!) were giving out both herbs and tincture, venoms and poisons, performing operations, prayers, chants and rituals. For sick to go or be brought for incubation near a temple of a benevolent god or one known to possess and share his healing powers was entirely common. 

More serious is that the article seems to amalgamate anachronistically the non-existant duality of physical and spiritual healing, which were often found together on one and the same continuum, despite what progressivist apologetes of Hippokrates – "Father of Modern (non-spiritual) Medicine" – would like to believe. Providing a public facility for spiritual healing was one form of "medical facility". (Cf. Hortsmannshoff: "'Did the god learn medicine?' Asclepius and Temple Medicine in Aelius Aristides' Sacred Tales" p 325-342.) 

In relation to the question one could also ask, why were the games banned in the 1st century? Were they? They were. In 59 in Pompeii some collegia of iuvenes had such a riot going that as a punishment both the games and the clubs were suspended. But this did not apply to the whole empire and not forever. If there was a ban in place, we would have to specify when and were that ban was. 

But also compared to actual Greek habits, all later Roman bath habits must have looked like acute over-purification (and frivolity). While Gibbon links this Roman preference for warm and hot baths to the decline of Rome's Empire, they certainly did not think it a problem: 

Cursory netsearch brings up very common blips of history relating to the past evolution of reading aids or eyeglasses. There are some early Greek objects that have magnifying properties, although it is said they were apparently used just to decorate other objects. 

Looking at the Roman-Jewish relationship reveals a complicated relationship extendending far beyond Judea Capta coins. 

Summary Over the course of 700 years the people known as Gauls, then Galatians assimilated slowly into their surroundings. They kept different aspects of their culture they shared with other Celts longer than others and started to developed some distinct features of their own. By the start of the medieval period their traces are lost. 

An important divergence was found that in later times the cult of Attis and Cybele spread far among the Galatians. Priests of that cult were called Galloi again. They performed the most colourful initiation rites for their priests and adherents involving ecstatic chants and dances, self-castration etc. This raging menace of a party is most vividly captured by Catull's carmen 63. If you imitate the correct metric and pronunciation this results in the rhythm of the cymbals used in the processions. A rhythm that was said to directly cause insanity. 

Physical pollution through bodily fluids, sex or corpses was one part of the miasma that spread through contagion, but could be overcome by (symbolic) removal of pollutants/temporary abstinence. 

The information given in the WP article seems a bit misleading and has the occasional error. The army and navy had its special valetudinaria. Therefore a soldier would have been treated there and as long slaves were in or better with the army then they would have been treated there also. 

But Roman society did not fit as easily as we often like to imagine into straightforward vertical status groups and the seating in the Colosseum probably blurred the legal distinctions as much as reinforcing them. Was it only the senators who sat in the ringside seats? Or could they bring guests and clients? Did some slaves actually sit at the front with their elite masters, or did the senators pay for their exclusivity by having to do without their everyday attendants at the ringside? [From Keith Hopkins and Mary Beard: "The Colosseum", Profile Books: London, 2011.] 

Jack E. McCallum: "Military Medicine", ABC-Clio: Santa Barbara, Denver, 2008. 

Modern writers – ourselves included – have often laid enormous stress on the political stratification and collective identities paraded in the Colosseum audience. The spectators were a microcosm of properly regulated Roman society, sitting in their official Roman costume (the emperor Augustus, a stickler for restoring or inventing traditions, had insisted that all citizens attend shows in a toga), with the highest ranks occupying the best seats in the front and so on up to the slaves and women at the back. They acted out the social order in a ‘political theatre’. This is true – up to a point. But it can be over-stated. For in other ways the audience in the Colosseum displayed the ambivalences of Roman political status and the impossibility of fitting the messy realities of the Roman population into neatly ranked status groups. […]