My personal opinion: Plato's theory of forms is the earliest example of a philosophical theory. Its goal is to answer deep questions from the domain which today is named epistemology. Therefore Plato's theory of forms is important from a historical point of view. A simple example is the class of even numbers and the class of odd numbers. Each integer falls in exactly one class. Now one forms the set FF_2 with these two classes as its elements. Denote by "0" the class "Even" and by "1" the class "Odd". Then you can derive addition and multiplication for the two elements of FF_2 from the corresponding operations on the set of integers. E.g., one defines 1 + 1 := 0 in FF_2, because "odd" + "odd" is "even". The translation starts at p 92 of the original, i.e. at page 6 of the clip. 

It is up to you, to decide how helpful phenomenology is for you, serving as an introduction to philosophy. 

The book does not cover modern speculations and work in progress, neither different approaches to quantum gravity, notably string theory and loop quantum gravity, nor speculations about multiverses. Herefore I recommend the series of books by Concerning current continental philosophy, the following philosophers contribute important thoughts or even theories: 

The term picture theory of meaning refers to Wittgenstein’s description of language in his book Tractatus logico-philosophicus. From its 7 main propositions number 4 and its sub-propositions deal with language. I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) 

And there are reasons for this - mainly that now is later than then, and depending on how one counts time, much later - exponentially later; this movement of time has generated from the seed of scholarly thought a tremendous apparatus (a dispotif in Agambens sense - taken from Foucault) within which contemporary scholars move as apparatchiks (as satirised by Borges in his inimitable hieratic prose, for example in his short story La Biblioteca de Babel (The Library of Babel). For comparison, here, I'd suggest the first line of Joyce's Finnegans Wake - which might be thought as a sustained attempt at a novel in Jabberwockian style. If like is like like, then is unlike like unlike or different? And if different then Being cannot be one, an argument put by Socrates to Parmenides. 

Before digging into philosophical questions about aesthetics in general, it may be worth investigating what philosophically inclined artists and critics have to say. I'd suggest Ruskins Modern Painters which argues for the transition from the 'picturesque' to 'truth to nature'; and John Bergers Ways of seeing for unearthing or discovering (Gramiscian) 'ideology' in the arts - a kind of visual anthropology. conception (Anselms ontological argument and Berkeleys inconcievability argument for Idealism). There's an echo of this in the last paragraph of Joyce's A Portrait of an Artist where the young Stephen Dedalus on the cusp of manhood has an epiphany, or rather Joyce is communicating his: Yes, but not straight-forwardly; it's a spark that might strike - or not. 

But this just reduces to what went before; for I took it out of space to say so - in a way, in a sense; but not actually so - for I did not; saying so, to illustrate. 

This tradition, despite its intrinsic interest, is unlikely to appeal to practitioners of moral philosophy; as it has no bearing on actual moral problems; or even possible ones; given that the scientific consensus is that time travel is an impossibility now, and in the near or far future. If you're interested in the notion of how mathematical equality is thought through, then you might find it worth looking at how equality is theorised in category theory; there's a blog entry here, by Baez on his essay on 'concepts of sameness' which is exactly on this. 

The second extract, from Joyce has a gloss but it moves in deeper waters, as it references myth, Christianity, cyclical time and therefore natality and mortality. The particular classification science you are looking for when elaborating tree-like structures is cladistics: Although George Orwell isn't a philosopher in the academic sense he is a thinker and a writer, and his fable Animal Farm illustrates his thinking on the nature of Power, as does 1984. 

cognition (Sextus's sceptism and Protagoras's relativism) 

(Both readings, are on only the slightest of acquaintences with either philosophy). 

So to take a box in relation to space; in terms of its relation, we see that it is different, unequal; and yet the same. This, though is well outside the framework you're exploring - modern, contemporary, and physics based; though there is some correspondance with phenomenology, perhaps - light being that by which we see: some other element or medium that is neccessary to bring the object to the subject; or take the subject to the object. ... in this very conception, namely, that spirit shall be what it is only through itself and by the infinite return into itself out of its natural and direct reality, lies the possibility of opposition between what it is implicitly, and what it is explicitly; in the will, this opposition is the possibility of evil, but in general, it is the alienation of personality and substantive being, and this alienation may occur unconsciously or intentionally.