According to Colin McEvedy, in 737 after the Muslim Conquest of Spain, the population on the peninsula was around 4 million. Nearly all of that would have been in Muslim-held territory, as there simply wasn't much else but a couple of little strips of land in the mountainous northern coastal region. Toledo was the only city of any real size in Western Europe at the time (somewhere between 15 and 22,000). 

The Mongols were pastoralists. Livestock herders. As such, their culture naturally thrived on steppe (or grassland) territory. A pastoral nation is not tied to any one place, but rather moves around with its herds to find the best grazing. A militarily dominant pastoralist society will naturally attempt to take over all good grassland territory for itself. 

Its a pretty good bet Aquinas knew about it and later Crusades, and factored what he knew of them into his thinking when coming up with his three conditions for a "just" war. So if anything, the relation between Just War Theory and the First Crusade goes the other way. 

An explanation of these techniques , together with some examples of where they have been applied in recent years will be found in the papers and articles listed below: 

The chroniclers also tell us that John was lecherous. Several nobles are reported to have taken up arms against him because he had forced himself on their wives and daughters. 

John's reaction to Magna Carta was to write to Pope Innocent III almost immediately, complaining that the charter had been exacted from him under duress. The Pope agreed, and declared it invalid. 

So John lacked Richard's martial abilities, but what of his other qualities? 

As far as I'm aware, this was something particular to the early Celtic church in Ireland. 

When attempting to understand a particular aspect of a specific period in history on the basis of its material culture, it is often helpful to consider assemblages of artefacts, rather than single artefacts in isolation. So we are often interested in groups of artefacts of a similar type from a broad historical (or prehistoric) period. This is why it is not unusual to see terms like "post-medieval or early modern period" in archaeological reports or databases. The distinctions can be useful when people search the databases by period to identify assemblages. That artefact will show in in searches for both "early modern" and "post-medieval". 

Most bishops and monasteries had large landholdings, which had been granted to them over the years by kings, or great lords. At one stage, the church was the largest landholder in Europe. 

An alternative is to join the Thames Discovery Programme and take advantage of their free (at the time of writing) training opportunities. You can then join them and carry out archaeological work on the foreshore under their licence. (Most of the time you can keep what you find - surface finds on the foreshore are unstratified and so provide little additional information. However, there are exceptions - especially if the find is designated as being one of National Importance!). 

For much of the medieval period, the only way to disseminate knowledge (scientific or otherwise) was by personal letter or in books. In a very real sense, this preserved the traditional structures of authority, knowledge, and even doctrine. 

This was not because Roger Bacon's work had been lost. It simply reflected the increased range that could be achieved in the years after the development of the printing press. Although this was after the medieval period, it was still before the days of learned societies and scholarly journals. His works were published privately. However, in some ways, it can be argued that it was the work of Francis Bacon that led to the publication of those journals. 

In Ireland, as elsewhere, the major monasteries became extremely wealthy in both land and gold. They also gained political importance. What was almost unique to Ireland, however, was that, because of the feudal roots of the Monastic system, many monasteries became increasingly secularised from the 8th century, as the close ties between ruling families and monasteries manifested themselves. 

There's any number of situations where you need an equalizer, but don't want to risk death or even serious injury. Even well trained personnel can panic and fire their weapons into civilians. Any police action, particularly crowd and riot control, needs a less-than-lethal option. There have been any number of attempts to do this with firearms, but they all run into some fundamental trade-offs of accuracy, weight, and effectiveness. 

There were a great many reasons to prefer a boarding action to a gun battle until the enemy struck their colors. 

I've done everything in metric. As a crib for the Imperialists, 1 meter is about 1 yard. 

Such a long weapon is not very good in the tight spaces of a trench or building. InRangeTV has an excellent video demonstration of the limitations of bayonet fighting and the use of the knife, club, and spade in WWI trench fighting. Yes, a shovel like this Russian/Soviet MPL-50 entrenching tool makes a pretty nasty and ubiquitous close quarters weapon. 

It takes a long time to train and equip an effective archer. Unfortunately I don't have a citation on how long, but to get an idea there was King Edward III's decree in 1363 "that every man in the same country, if he be able-bodied, shall, upon holidays, make use, in his games, of bows and arrows... and so learn and practise archery" so the King would have a population of trained archers to draw on whenever needed. 

Scottland is even colder, murkier, and damper. A wool lining would be highly desirable there, both for its insulating properties, and for its wet-weather behavior. 

Given that this was a satire of those views, I think its quite fair to say that Voltaire (and presumably his intended audience) viewed it as an endemic evil in the world, along with the various murders, starvations, slavery, mutilations, etc. that were related in that story. 

England is not exactly famous for its sunny climate, and average temperatures there even in the summer appear to be a few degrees cooler than in Poland (where you are performing this re-enactment?). Where I come from in the middle of the Continental USA, it would be considered downright cold. We regularly have days a good 40 or 50 degrees F hotter. 

Also that area was pretty much the wool-production capitol of Europe. So the material would have been much more plentiful (and cheap) than it would be most other places. Most Scottish nobles could probably skim it for free from their own estates.