My 9-year-old stepson has terrible tantrums. I was abused as a child and used to act out as a result. Teachers and other adults were very hostile to me and failed to recognize my cries for help. So when I was first getting to know this boy, I was under the assumption that children act out because they are misunderstood and in pain and need help. So whenever he had a tantrum, I would bring him a blanket and some warm milk and stroke his hair and do anything I could to comfort him. My husband and I are trying our best to not spoil him in order to "undo" all the spoiling, but it's clearly not enough. My husband has tried everything he could for the past nine years to get his parents to stop spoiling him - he has explained the problem to them, begged them and fought with them. They are extremely stubborn and insist they are doing nothing wrong. Since we can't seem to stop my stepson from getting spoiled, is it at all possible to stop him from being spoiled? This is hurting him! He has terrible self-esteem, is convinced he can't do anything himself, and throws a tantrum if I very gently try to encourage him. He is helpless to the extreme. He screams out when he wants something. The other day, he wanted something he couldn't reach, so he screamed for me to come and get it for him. When I suggested that he get a chair to stand on (which was a foot away from him), he burst into tears and insisted it was "impossible" for him to get it himself. Gentle encouragement like "I know you can do it, just give it a shot!" just seems to make him more upset. My son is nine years old, in the 4th grade. I would like to explore this option in his 504 plan with the school, but first want to know it's going to actually be a concrete benefit, and make sure I'm exploring the right sorts of fidgets. Accepting that his failure to pay attention is how his brain works, rather than laziness or disrespect, was a key moment for my relationship with my ADHD son. It made it easy for me to not become angry when he "ignored" me. It's tedious to make the same request more than once, to remember to say "are you listening, this is important" before making a request, to check on whether a request was completed (and completed fully/correctly) -- but it's just a process I have to go through because he isn't able to focus easily. That's just who he is. Once you have a diagnosis, be sure to share it with his teachers. Most are very understanding of disabilities like this, and are willing to give a little extra reminder or accommodation (within reason) for ADHD kids. on edit: This comment would depend on the maturity level of your 15 month old. In our home TV, and electronics are earned. We do what we need to do for ourselves and our family and then we can fill our free time with the things we like to do. This doesn't mean we work all day without breaks, but that we have certain things we do before those breaks occur. TV is a privilege, and not a right. I think your daughter could possibly understand that she has lost or earned TV by her own actions. I suggest the parent chooses two items that are acceptable to him or her and then allows a real choice to the child. The parent selects two shirts or two food items or two activities and then the child selects the one they prefer. You can add a third selection in time, but in the beginning -- keep it simple. To set the stage for effectively addressing this challenge, avoid calling or thinking of your child as a “biter” and ask others not to use this term. Labeling children can actually lead to them taking on the identity assigned to them, which can intensify biting behavior rather than eliminate it.