TeamLiquid - Saving Your Workers From Hellions This strategy is like the similar Ling/Bling/Muta ZvT Strategy very volatile. Blink Stalkers make Harass very hard and if he opens with some sort of non-cheese Stargate, don't even try it. Since the Patch that added the Phoenix Range upgrade, Phoenixes counter Mutalisks very easily and you won't be cost efficient unless he screws up his Phoenix micro. If he goes Stargate play, either get some Hydralisks (max 3 per Phoenix) and kill him with your Roach army or get a Spire for some Corruptors. You might want to get a Spire for Corruptors if you scout or suspect Colossi to counter those, you can later morph it into the Greater Spire for Broodlords. After that it comes down to Fungal on his Blink Stalkers and keeping them away from Broodlords. Nope, they don't get used. Immortals rip Ultralisks to Shreds and while theoretically Fungal Growth can allow Ultralisks to connect with Blink Stalkers, i've never seen anyone do that successfully. My favourite. You basically build only Drones and Zerglings while using all the gas for double Upgrades and a fast tech to some Infestors. As soon as the Infestation Pit is done and you research the Infestor Energy upgrades, you start the Spire and Hive at the same time and as soon as both finish (they have the same build time), you morph the Greater Spire and get Broodlords. After that it's all about positioning and Fungal Growth. I would rather spent energy on a scan to see my opponent planning to warp DTs than suddenly having them in my base right after I did a MULE because "I thought he would attack with Zealots and Stalkers". But instead he produced less of those, thrown down Cannons at his wall, warped them in... But I don't know what units he has after my initial scout? Tanks, in an unsieged mode do nice DPS and can be turned into sieged mode against swarms. Don't focus on getting a single thing out, if the Zerg figures out that you are going to attack something specific (he can figure that out by creep, which gives vision; overlords and burrowed units) he will have his army ready to counter you. Instead, you might want to attack at two places at the same time: Attack the closest expansion with your army while dropping hellions at one of his other expansions or his base; similar you could kite units away, or force them to run away by using the Raven's abilities... How can I best practice to get used to them? Should I build Ghosts a few matches and Raven a few? An armory, which is essentially needed for a Mechanical play-style. Besides allowing you to do upgrades for both Vehicles and Air, they give you access to the powerfull Thor. Word of caution is that this is a slower unit and is more a kind of static defense, they should only be taken on the field if you have enough map control or AA turrets in your base to anticipate your opponent... No expansion past natural, if he had one he would have more resources, units, ... Every time you search breaking news is requested from customer.teliacarrier.com. Ugh... What went wrong at Protoss' side? So, if you don't want to be overwelmed, you will have to deny your opponent from spreading out. But what about Banelings and Roaches? If the virus gets stronger, so should you. This could be done, but can be risky depending on how you do it... Take a look at Jungle Basin for example. If you were the top player, where would you hide your technology? Not at the right side of the map, my opponent will see your productions right away when he comes to attack you. Instead, you would run out your base with your Probe and run straight to the left, go upstairs and start building a Starport right there. Before we talk about "how to harass" you first need to know why... This is where a harass comes into play: You essentially prevent your opponent from performing a part of his plan. By placing your Bunker at the bottom of his ramp, you delay him from performing an Fast Expand and sending Zerglings towards your base / expansion / ... * Currently the blog post has a WordPress error so read Google's cached version. So there's a definitive answer if you still had access to your save files you could transfer them between machines. Below is a compiled screenshot of how you can replay completed missions from Wings of Liberty: The post details the following about what is stored online: What is being referenced in the second part of the “Evolution Mission” for Roaches? Which leads me to my question: if you don't finish or abort a mission do earned achievements stick? Thus far every time I have earned a campaign achievement in StarCraft 2 I have also finished its associated campaign mission. This is fine when playing a mission for the first time but on subsequent replays I'd rather just earn the achievement and then quit the mission. Your mid-mission saves are not stored in the cloud. They are stored locally on your computer's harddrive. The Battle.net blog post Campaigning on the Go* explains how Star Craft 2's campaign progress cloud storage works. When I reached the area pictured below a scripted event starts showing a girl unit named Maye chased by two creatures named Onyx and Diamond. Between the multi-colored crystals and the named units Blizzard seems to be referencing something here. However, I have no idea what.