So how can this be applied to matters of the heart? What is the difference between real love, and lust? We see "lusts" (plural) used here in the company of "the cares of this world" and being deceived (led astray) by seeking after riches. It speaks not of unwholesome sexual desire, but of unwholesome desires in general, not too different from gluttony or covetousness. The essence of lust is greed. 19 And the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches, and the lusts of other things entering in, choke the word, and it becometh unfruitful. To answer this from a doctrinal perspective requires a doctrinal perspective on love. So we ought to turn to 1 Corinthians, chapter 13, Paul's famous homily on Charity (Christian love): 6 Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; 7 Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. Greed is a hunger. It consumes in order to enlarge itself. But charity, pure Christian love, is selfless. It builds up those around it. 5 Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; Lust is greed. Lust says "this person is desirable, and I desire to have them, to further my own interests through interaction with them. I want to take pleasure from them, because it will make me feel good." By contrast, the word lust has a wider meaning than simply "unwholesome sexual desire." For example, from Mark 19, where Jesus explains the Parable of the Sower: Try to remember I can't figure it out. This is hard, because it's a fundamentally different from the narcissistic mindset we naturally have. You have to start knowing that no matter how hard you or anyone else tries, you won't figure it all out. Try to figure out as much as possible anyways. We're supposed to learn about God (how can you worship someone you don't even know?). When you hit a paradox, stop. When you encounter something that the Bible doesn't explain, don't try to reason it out. The Bible leaves it alone for a reason. Don't try to compress the Trinity into the phases of water; the analogy fails miserably. (though it can be a helpful illustration). Paradoxes are there both because God is greater than us and to remind us of that. Also, by technical definition, contemplate does not mean comprehend How to stop trying to figure it all out This borders on a pastoral concern, naturally, but I think we can take cues from the verses cited above. In my experience a good attitude is to Note: This answer was written before the OP was edited. A more direct answer is marked below, the following is build-up. Additionally, the Bible talks numerous times of the mystery of God's nature and plan... A few verses down David implores God: So don't worry! You don't have to figure it all out. It's quite mysterious and amazing, but, we can learn. After all, we've been given the entire Bible to study. Also, we're going to be in heaven for eternity learning about God. If it takes an eternity to learn about God, don't worry that you don't understand it all right now. How many authors Qur'an has? One. Muhammad alone. No one was there to support the ideas of Muhammad. He alone handled the whole situation. Why are there so many Bible translations? Because, the original languages of the Bible are very old and no one speaks them anymore. The Old Testament Hebrew and the New Testament Greek are no longer spoken today. Scholars are still trying their best to produce the original meaning but there is always debates and different opinions on how to translate it correctly. Did the Bible fall from the sky? NO Epistle of Barnabas: Very important epistle written by Barnabas who was a companion of Saint Paul. Do we have the original scroll written by John? NO! No original documents of the books of the Bible are available today. Only copies from the original documents are existing today. Did God(Allah) write the Qur'an with His finger? NO But, the bigger question is... Isaiah 45:9 (NIV) “Woe to those who quarrel with their Maker, those who are nothing but potsherds among the potsherds on the ground. Does the clay say to the potter, ‘What are you making?’ Does your work say, ‘The potter has no hands’? Here, Jesus said that the Kingdom of God can start from a single person, which can yield many other believers. Peter was the first man to preach the Gospel on the Day of Pentecost and 3000 people were baptized that day. And the apostles went on to preach everywhere and the number of Christians kept on growing and growing. God has the Biggest plan for eternity. Method of communication from God in Islam: Muhammad was the only person responsible for the origin of Qur'an. He claimed to receive the last and final message from God through angel Gabriel. The communication usually took place in the Cave of Hira. Muhammad was always alone in that cave. Who knows what he was doing! Probably thinking about what will be the contents for the next chapter for his composed book and revising the words that he has to say to his 50-60 companions.