Quran 2:79 So woe to those who write the "scripture" with their own hands, then say, "This is from Allah," in order to exchange it for a small price. Woe to them for what their hands have written and woe to them for what they earn. 

2:97 Say, "Whoever is an enemy to Gabriel - it is [none but] he who has brought the Qur'an down upon your heart, [O Muhammad], by permission of Allah, confirming that which was before it and as guidance and good tidings for the believers." In the second instance, the Quran goes on to establish the Humanity of Jesus and his mother Mary. Yes, it sort of does. Though it does not necessarily imply that all Christians believe that, nor is it explicitly stated that the established concept of Trinity is the divinity of God, Jesus and Mary(rather than the Holy Spirit). Indeed the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) interacted with diverse sects that were present in his region at his time and they had diverse beliefs. The Israelites were commanded to kill each other as punishment for the golden-calf (Quran 2:54): Then Allah forgave them, and the muhkam command of the Torah is (Quran 5:32 and Quran 5:45): 

A group arose, they advised the people to refrain from these transgressions and seperated themselves. They built a wall to divide the town. Abraham was commanded to sacrifice his son (Quran 37:102): Whether it was "accepted" by the majority or how much of it was approved by the Prophet and how much is due to scribal lapses is unknowable without further finds. ibn, bin, ben, bar for son bint for daughter abu, abba for father umm for mother 

"The merciful (people) are shown mercy by the Merciful (Allah). Be merciful on the earth, and you will be shown mercy from Who is above the heavens.... (link) In Muhammad Asad's translation of the Quran; The Message of the Qur'an he translates the verses 3:65-67 accordingly: 

In his commentaries in note 51 he writes the following: However, this said, you will find other (mostly modern) scholars interpreting the word to mean "Indeed We are expanding it". You will find some interesting quotes by Razi and Ibn Al-Kathir. 

Conclusion You could of course quote the verses and address atheists with them. But to say they were revealed explicitly to atheists can't be proven. Maybe one have to define what one means with the word atheist then. I have yet not received an answer for my question "Did the Prophet meet any atheists?", and considering the time and place the prophet (PBUH) lived in, the odds are pretty low. meaning, in the faith, they did not adhere to the faith sent through their husbands nor accepted their message. Therefore, all the intimate knowledge of their husbands neither helped them nor prevented punishment, hence Allah's statement, 

Which is correct majraha or majreeha? The 6th Verse is also very expressive as it orders the wives or women of the houshold of the Prophet (peace be upon him) to spread out the wisdom and the revelations of Allah -which they heard/saw in their houses- to people! This verse is a clear order as it quotes Quran on one side and the wisdom (hadith) on the other. And we know a lot of sunnan from the wives of the prophet as they saw him in his house and only they could describe him as a husband or father etc. I think it might be an English translation of the mukhtasar (summary) of ibn Kathir from as-Saboni (but it could be summarized by others also). At least it lacks some weak ahadith and the so called Israeliyat, which one would find in the books of ibn Kathir, at-Tabari and those who followed the same method. 

To give you some examples how difficult this could be in Arabic: 

Does it mean that cattle, garments, food, and the people of the book also come from supernovae? 

When i was a child or teen i was told it's not allowed to use Qur'an Verses to make fun of it or change a word to make fun of it. But in Arabic newspaper you often find headlines or Articles which have as a headline a part of a Verse with some interchanged word or words.