In the following examples imperatives will be italicized. First, my translations of your examples. From a letter by Anton Chekhov: Посуда там стоит, которую ты до краёв наполни. Лежит там пицца на столе, которую ты поедай немедля. 2. Возвратись теперь в своё владение, в котором ожидай меня (...). - "*Now go back to your domain, in which wait for me." In Russian, it is possible to use imperatives in different kinds of clauses, including attributive clauses (like your English example 2). Both of your Greek examples can well be translated into Russian with imperatives in the same positions as in Greek. The Russian language lacking Subjunctive and Optative moods, its imperative can be used in their meaning, such cases I will exclude from my answer, although Russian is brimming with them. I will give examples with the imperatives used only as direct commands. 3. Все действия могут проходить по определенным принципам и правилам, которых придерживайтесь в реальном бою. - "*All the actions can take place according to certain principles and rules, which keep in a real combat." Parts between «» (and italic) are directly pasted from the paper. The title is "The DP-adjoined plural in Yucatec Maya and the syntax of plural marking", a dissertation by Lindsay K. Butler 1. Going forward3, we see that «plural marking and classfiers co-occur even within the same phrase, in Yucatec Maya»: I found a paper which treats about a language (well, two, but one is mainly treated, since it's the principal object of the dissertation) being in possess of the structure "number-Classifier". The Language is the Yucatec Maya Language. This is true for many languages, but it's not for the Yucatec Maya, and the paper states that «plural marking in the noun phrase is not necessary for a noun to be interpreted as referring to a plurality». In many well-known Indo-European languages «number is inflectional and obligatory». If we have a sentence with a determiner (such as an article), a noun and a verb, they must agree by number. Taking the same examples2 from the paper: Chinese (I've only had experience with Mandarin so far) has at least one or two equivalents to English to be, such as "在" (zài) and "是" (shì). Yet I am told that sentences such as "我好" (Wǒ hǎo) are not right and instead we should say something like "我很好" (Wǒ hěn hǎo) where "很" (hěn) means literally "very" but in these constructions it loses that meaning and the sentence means only "I am good" rather than the literal "I am very good". Now I know that Chinese adjectives are actually verbs so are often described as having to be "built in". It seems that as an untrained "armchair" linguist my concept of "copula" might not accord with that held generally. Let me sketch out my current notion of "copula": I'm assuming that "很" (hěn) is not the only word that can be used in a similar way. Is this construction usually analysed as some kind of copula? And does it imply that copula is more of an open category in Mandarin than in English? Is this common in other language families?