When the chips went in here, you were a 65/35 favorite. That's a pretty good situation for a heads-up match. Unless you know you can make more chips from him through outplaying him postflop, this was the right route to take in my book. 

There is one possibility for improvement if your opponent is playing aggressively preflop: If that's the case, you should just call here, with the intention of check/raising all-in. That's only a good option if he is very likely to raise when you limp. 

Now we have to consider what he'll believe about us, and how he would react with his pairs under those beliefs. Here again, I'd like to know how often we've been 3-betting, to try to estimate what range he will give us. Certainly he will include AK/AQ/TT+ in our range regardless. Likely he will include a few more pocket pairs, and depending on what he has seen from us, possibly some other misc hands such as strong suited connectors and/or bluffs (many of which could include the J). In general, he will likely consider his pair to be 50/50 with our range. Accordingly, he probably sticks through the flop more often than not, even with pairs that he values fairly little. Any broadway cards that he happens to have will fold, but I think this is a small part of his range. 

If he's aggressive enough to make it hard to whittle him down, you need to figure out where else you can get an edge. You're probably going to have to win a big pot somewhere along the way, to make up for the chips you lose in the smaller pots. If your opponent is willing to overplay his hands preflop by calling with weak holdings, then an all-in play with the fairly short stack you hold sounds pretty attractive. You just need to find a hand that is likely to be a favorite against his calling range. I think you have one here. Against the type of player I described, I believe you can safely shove 77+, A5s+, A8o+, and any two broadway cards. 

Then on the turn, I barrel with a blank or an A/K, and I check behind with anything that improves our hand (looking for a cheap showdown when we hit a T/9 and giving him an opportunity to rep the straight that we have when we hit a Q/7). In the case of an A/K, I barrel the turn and check the river under the thinking that the Villain is not likely to give up on the river. So much of our range has hit the board that he must have hit something as well to call both the flop and the turn. If the turn is a T/9, I check to keep the pot small. At that point we are ahead of most hands that he has in his range, but behind most hands that he will call a turn bet with. By checking, it becomes +EV to call a river bet, and that call is much more +EV than betting the turn. By contrast, if the turn gives us our straight, I check behind in an effort to get the Villain to put more money in the pot. He is more likely to bet the river than to call a turn bet, so we extract more from him this way, and when we raise his river bet, we are still way ahead of his calling/shoving range. As long as the river does not pair the board, we hold the nuts and our hand is hidden enough to get paid off by a fair number of villains hands. There is some danger of the board pairing on the river to de-nut our hand, but I believe the value gained is greater than the amount lost to these situations.