B could have raised I think the min raise would be 30 + 20 = 50 but not sure about that 

Assume the muck was before the call. The open raise did get the the pot with no risk. Even AA does not win every show down. 

I personally think Alec would have been better off taking the 10K back and out of play to reduce his risk and call. Even if he is ahead 

You can buy insurance if someone will sell it. Say on the river you are all in and your opponent has 9 outs on a flush draw. You are a 4.11 : 1 favorite. If the pot is $400 someone may offer you insurance for $100 for the .11 juice. You pay them $100 and if you lose they pay the $400 pot to you from their stack. No 1. opened the pot up for raises by putting in a raise/bet. 

If the cards did not make it to the muck then they were not mucked. As a dealer you are supposed to protect live cards. Yes you can say stuff to try and tilt someone but not during play like that. "Man that is the third time in row you lost on the river" after play is over is OK. 

Some games will allow you to run the board multiple time to reduce variance. 5 Straight A♠K♣Q♥J♠T♠ Five sequential cards. Ace is both high and low. Ace through 5 is often called a wheel. Ace through 10 is often called Broadway. You cannot wrap on the ace (even if there are two) - QKA23 is not a straight. Odds: 254 : 1 Announced: X high straight 

Can you hide high value chips in the bottom of a stack out of view? 

Player1 and Player 2 split the $40 pot Player2 wins the $120 pot Player3 and Player4 spit the $100 pot ATo the second pass needed to get through 2 and Alec was getting 1.56:1 to call. Push without getting a count was sloppy. And it makes it look bluffy in my opinion. ATo is not great but I think it is too good of a hand to bluff in this spot in position. Think of it as a strong T. UTG with AQo calls and wins a big pot 

What is your basis for a dead hand? How would an up dead hand prevent chip dumping? Easily beaten by a straight? You only get a straight by the river from connectors 8.5% of the time. 

Suit Suit is spade, club, heart, or diamond. They are equal. 

Will not accept my own answer. 

If you don't get the trips which are harder to make than the pair in a full house should take priority then can't help you. Many equity calculators store the results of common expensive calculations. 

The rules for equal rank hands were picked that way because it made sense to the inventor(s) of the game. 

4 Flush A♠Q♠9♠8♠7♠ Five cards of the same suit. The top card determines the best. A6543 beats KQJ98. Same rules as kicker in comparing flushes. Odds: 508 : 1 Announced: X high flush Some places may consider getting a reaction from the opponent angling. 

The tournament made no attempt to retrieve the cards from the muck. In my mind the hand was not dead and they should have attempted to retrieve the cards from the muck and play the hand. 

Definitely will not accept my own answer. This is my opinion. Best five cards Every hand is exactly five cards. Between your hole cards and board make your best hand. You may play the board (in holdem). After you have been raised (or simply a bet in front of you) you have three options every time: