(2) A member of a reserve component may not be ordered to active duty under paragraph (1) except with respect to an offense committed while the member was— 

The Founders of the United States in the Constitutional Convention that produced the current U.S. Constitution which took effect in 1789, considered creating a similar body in the United States called a "Council of Revision" under a plan proposed by the Virginia delegation. But, this proposal was expressly rejected because judicial review of the constitutionality of legislation by the federal courts would provide sufficient means to ensure the constitutionality of legislation, and the institution would therefore be redundant. 

For example, a rumor that there is a CIA station in Windsor, Ontario is not as powerful as an acknowledgement by the U.S. government that this is the case. Until the government confirms the information, it can be dismissed as unreliable or a conspiracy theory. 

The geographic extent of the culture of honor in the United States (as noted in the earlier links) also has little overlap with the urban areas with the highest rates of gun violence in the United States (noted in the New York Times op-ed first linked in this Answer), so this explanation also embraces the notion that a culture of honor is not tempered by the consequences that loose gun control may have elsewhere which its proponents do not necessarily experience themselves. 

The motive is also suggested by an author of an article in The Atlantic, which notes that the NRA was pro-gun control in the 1920s and 1930s. The NRA pivoted in 1977 following what is sometimes described as a leadership "coup" attributed to anti-Mexican xenophobia based upon the personalities involved in that leadership shift, including a former senior border control official. 

It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data.