You example isn't very good in terms of incompatibility. Polygyny is permitted in Islam and not obligatory, indeed it is not permitted if one can't dispense equality and justice between his wives ... and it is not permitted if one has made an Oath to the contrary or accepted a condition contrary to it in one's marriage contract. Obeying a ruler, on the other hand, is obligatory in Islam(src) (as long as their obedience does not lead to disobedience to Allah), as is fulfilling contracts. So, according to Islamic point of view you would have to refrain from polygyny or migrate to a land where it is allowed. Other options could be to campaign\vote for a change in legislation that would make an exception for Muslims etc. Section on Tazeer punishments in Hanafi, Hidayah: if the masturbation here is, rather than fulfilling a sexual desire, just to release the sexual tension resulting from stimulation. So, my father went to Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) and said, 'I have given a gift to my son from `Amra bint Rawaha, but she ordered me to make you as a witness to it, O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)!' The consensus of the Shafi and Maliki schools of thought is that masturbation is unconditionally forbidden no matter what the circumstances: Malik, Thawri, Ahmad and the companions had the opinion: He should be given a Tazir. This is narrated from Ata, Nakhni and Hakm. From Shafi one narration is different from this, and that is closer to his madhab ... Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal, despite his piety, declared it permissible. His view was that its the expulsion of waste from the body and is permissible to excrete it when one feels it necessary, and that it is based on blood-letting and cupping. And this is the saying of Ibn Umar, Salim, Jabir bin Zayed, Ata, Tawus, Malik bin Anas. And the same is the saying of Abu Hanifa and his companions. And from Shafi is narrated the same as that of Saeed bin Musaib [ it is permissible since a fornicator is part of the unmarried Muslim community viz 24:32 ] There is something called Tazeer, where a state or court can declare a punishment for a crime that doesn't have a divinely sanctioned punishment. In practice most Islamic countries have legislation to deal with such crimes, and punishments may include imprisonment and fines. If the first narration is correct then Ibn Abbas would not have narrated against it. There are three views on the legal punishment for Bestiality in Shariah: From the view of the Hanbali scholar Ibn Taymiyah mentioned on islamQA: