Both the bride and groom must be specified publicly. Both the bride and groom must be pleased with one another. A qualified wali conducts the marriage on behalf of the bride. The marriage contract must be public and witnessed by two qualified Muslim men. If any condition is not fulfilled, this does not automatically invalidate the marriage contract. It is required at this stage to consult a scholar on how to rectify the situation, and to check if another marriage contract is required. For example, the lack of two witnesses may be offset by a publicly announced marriage (according to Malik, Al-Zuhri, and Ibn Taymiyyah). 

is a reason for revelation, but the ruling applies whether the condition exists or not. 

Hanafi The Hanafi view is that a woman may not add such conditions to a marriage contract. However, if such were added to a marriage contract, they are not binding while the marriage contract itself remains valid otherwise (separability of clauses). Muhammad al-Shaybani said in Al-Hujja, Vol. 3, pp. 214 that if such a condition is included in a marriage contract, it renders the contract valid, but the condition not binding. 

The four conditions of an Islamic marriage are: 

Tafsir Al Jassas on 2:221 and 5:5 Tafsir Al Qurtubi on 2:221 and 5:5 

“A girl came to the Prophet and said: 'My father married me to his brother's son so that he might raise his status thereby.' The Prophet gave her the choice, and she said: 'I approve of what my father did, but I wanted women to know that their fathers have no right to do that.' ” Sunan Ibn Majah 

The Hanafis recognize as valid a marriage when you are an adult and its with your consent, so according to them the marriage will be valid and obviously you would need divorce. 

Tafsir Al Qurtubi mentions the following interpretations on 24:3: 

Puberty is evident by wet dreams and menstruation. However the minimum age of puberty is 12 for boys and 9 for girls, even if the signs are evident before that. The maximum age of puberty is 18 for boys and 17 for girls (though there are other reports within the school), meaning that puberty would have passed even if there are no evident signs. 

And this is the saying of Ibn Umar, Salim, Jabir bin Zayed, Ata, Tawus, Malik bin Anas. And the same is the saying of Abu Hanifa and his companions. And from Shafi is narrated the same as that of Saeed bin Musaib [ it is permissible since a fornicator is part of the unmarried Muslim community viz 24:32 ] 

This means that any grand-niece, at any level, is a mahram, and marriage is prohibited with them. 

It would be prudent to get divorce before moving forward. This will terminate the nikah if it was valid and will not do any harm if it was invalid. 

Quote from Minhaj Al Talibin on the Shafi position: 

If they are married away by someone other than the father and the grandfather, then, each one of them will have the option upon attaining puberty; if they like they can maintain the contract and if they like they can revoke it. 

The final point is on the purpose mentioning the reason in this verse serves. It is to be able to identify linguistically what type of commandment that is. 

Assuming that all requirements (pillars and conditions) of an Islamic marriage were fulfilled, the marriage in question is Islamically valid. Neither a specific age of either bride or groom, nor consideration for public interest (regional legality in this case) are requirements of an Islamic marriage. Therefore Australian law may render the marriage legally void, but not Islamically void. 

See below for other examples of verses that have rulings based on reasons but are widely applied. 

Here it is used as marriage with a guardian (wali), with intercourse being implicit: 

Both the bride and groom must be specified publicly. Both the bride and groom must be pleased with one another. A qualified wali conducts the marriage on behalf of the bride. The marriage contract must be public and witnessed by two qualified Muslim men. If any condition is not fulfilled, this does not automatically invalidate the marriage contract. It is required at this stage to consult a scholar on how to rectify the situation, and to check if another marriage contract is required. For example, the lack of two witnesses may be offset by a publicly announced marriage (according to Malik, Al-Zuhri, and Ibn Taymiyyah). 

Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 

Having sex in public is a crime in certain circumstances, and Muslims are expected to obey the law: 

It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. 

The above applies to England and Wales although there are some similar provisions in Scotland and Northern Ireland 

Sex in a public toilet (Section 71, Sexual Offences Act, 2003) 

Islam Q&A includes some specifics: 

This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

Doing some Googling indicates that (a) what faskh actually is (and whether or not it includes khula), (b) what is the process of obtaining faskh, and (c) how the court can be satisfied varies significantly. 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law.