I'm lucky enough to have discs on a tourer and can use continuous light braking at the back to control my top speed, then slow down with the front brake before a bend. Bending the cable may work too -- you might not have enough length but a sharp bend away from the tyre might work. Use longnose pliers. This stopped my front derailleur cable irritating my leg, for example. I prefer to do anything tricky on the hoods (these descents, traffic) and can crouch quite low if I do get a nice straight. So I like to have 2 fingers on the brakes as the index finger is very near the pivot - with index and middle fingers I've got all the stopping power I want (subject to road surface). In the drops, one finger is enough because it's got more leverage, but only if I've checked the brifters - when badly adjusted the tab you press when shifting to a bigger cog limits braking when it hits my fingers. If it's to get you home or to the bike shop, use the one that works and ride cautiously. You may have to walk down some things. Trying to fiddle with it at the side of the road or trail is risky - you don't want to lose a screw. If you're considering long term use it's a bad idea to run only one brake in most situations, especially as you know the ones you've got are prone to failure. As you're taking about full suspension I assume you mainly use it off road. I'm not a mountain biking expert by any means, but on loose surfaces you don't have much stopping power from the back as a side is both easy and ineffective. On the other hand a light touch on the back brake is very useful, and overheating can be an issue on a single brake. On road you have the same effect to a lesser extent but the consequences of your second brake failing can be more severe (an uncontrolled meeting with fast-moving traffic). In practical terms you might want to think about the failure modes if both brakes are working equally hard: If you need to slow down more but both sets of pads/rims/discs/brake fluid are already hot you have less in reserve than if one is cooling while the other is heating -- that last bit of braking might be enough to tip you over the edge. While @Batman makes some good points, round here we have some descents on narrow country lanes with high hedges and poor road surfaces. Modulating speed is much more important than on the open road. You might get up to 50 or even 60km/h on a clear stretch but then have to brake for a blind bend. You don't want to rely on braking too hard because of loose gravel or patches of mud on the road. We do also have open road fast descents but they tend to be on busier roads and I won't go into them. It looks like it's been cut too short so can't be tucked out of the way. But you may be able to cut it still shorter and use a smaller end cap/ferrule, or just part of one, or a blob of glue to stop the end fraying. I looked at modelling this and it's surprisingly complicated. There are quite a lot of time constants and heat flows to consider. If I had a bunch of logging non-contact thermometers I'd consider an experiment. For the same total heat input per brake, if the peak temperature of the braking surface is higher it will lose heat into the air faster, potentially (and this is the hard part to model) reducing the transfer to the rest of the system (tubes for rim brakes, fluid for hydraulic discs). In addition this can only increase the heat lost to air from the working face of the pads as a hot pad touching a hot rim can't give up heat, but a hot pad close to a hot rim with air blowing though the gap can. This is more applicable to rim brakes as the airflow over the pads in a disc sysyem is tiny -- clearances are smaller and there's often a mechanism blocking the airflow. Most pads have poor thermal conductivity meaning little or no heat out the back (sintered metal disc brake pads are an exception).