In order to teach the concept of "trustworthiness" and how easy it is to lose the status of being trustworthy, I found a suggestion where family members take one another for "trust walks" online and laughed at myself for not having thought of it on my own because it was something I did almost every year with my middle-schoolers. You know, you pair up and one member is blindfolded and then you trade. Go through the exercise and be trustworthy, but then ask of the child (children), "how would you have felt if I had . . . " and then fill in with an untrustworthy action. You could trying throwing in one untrustworthy action during a second round with the activity if you think they really need the point driven home hard. When we finally did this activity a few years ago, the difference between before the trust walk and after was dramatic. It really sent the message home in regard to what her daddy and I had tried to express to her so many times before. Setting the rule Explain that other people do differently Your child will observe that others behave differently from her and are allowed to do things she is not. This happens with every kind of restriction others do not have. When she is very young, she might not understand, so you will need to remind her that you are the parent and you make the rules. As she gets a bit older, you will probably need to switch to justifying the rule somewhat, as children will start to ask why they are not allowed things. "Religion can have a huge impact on your life and should not be started with lightly" is probably good enough for quite a while. The biggest issue here is most likely not the "animals eat each other", which is very abstract, but rather the watching NatGeo, which intentionally tries to make you feel a relation with the animals they are showing. Also explain that while other children and people are allowed religion, that is not bad, just different. She will still need to deal with these people and you don't want her going around telling people that their religion is bad for them as it will not make her social interactions any better. A really cute book that kids enjoy about pacifier weaning is "The Last Noo-Noo." Parents find this helpful with the pacifier rite of passage. Include supplements, such as:Boost® Pediasure®, Carnation Instant Sport shakes® & Breakfast®, and Yo-J®. Our son found that wearing over the counter 3/4 length inserts significantly reduced his knee and leg pain. Therefore, gifted children need a WIDE variety of stimulating activities repeatedly in order to gain various skills. These activities should stimulate: Here is the only medical research that I am aware of that connects immunizations with earlier onset of seizures in this disorder: http://www.onmedica.com/newsarticle.aspx?id=e7c292a8-9949-4a65-91f1-3a80d51a7f3b No wonder they get frustrated and refuse to do a task that is so risky and difficult for them. My definition of toddler could be "independence seeker". Yes, it would be easier if you did the task for them, but goes against their "I'll do it myself" agenda at this age. Add cheese to: casseroles, meatloaf, crackers, sandwiches, hamburgers, soups, mashed potatoes, and vegetables. Orthotics: There is no evidence that wearing orthotics are effective treatments to correct flatfeet. However, orthotics may be useful in preventing the ankles from rolling inward and reduce the strain on muscles and the associated pain. Add to this that moving their tongues for feeding is a new and unrefined skill. Do you ever have problems keeping your tongue away from where the dentist is working? And how long have you been practicing oral motor skills? They are more skilled at biting and sucking. That's what they have had the most experience doing. Spread cream cheese or peanut butter (watch for allergies) on: crackers, muffins, fruit slices, pancakes, graham crackers, and pretzels. Children need frequent and pleasant contact with a food to begin to eat it. Have her sit with you at the table for meals. Place foods before her with utensils and encourage her to play with the food. The goal at first is for the contact to be frequent AND pleasant.