John Lawler's comment is on the money in my view. One has to swallow a lot to go with this sort of understanding of syntax. In particular, the following presuppositions are present: No, the argument vs. adjunct distinction is essential for most theories of syntax, and there is no theory I am aware of that would view any part of the sentence Bill gave Jessica a gift as an adjunct. Some of the lesser questions can be answered much more directly. The fourth example contains both types of participant-oriented adjuncts, one a predication over the subject and the other a predication over the object, as stated in the question. In my view, there is no good way to produce an X-bar analysis of such cases. In fact attempting to do so would be difficult, although it is undoubtedly possible. The actual example you produce is noteworthy. It is noteworthy because it involves RNR at the level of NPs, as opposed to at the level of the clause. RNR can occur at the various levels of syntactic structure, e.g. at the level of PPs, at the level of VPs, at the level of NPs, etc. What makes all examples of RNR interesting is that the coordinated strings, i.e. the conjuncts, do not appear to be constituents. My preferred analysis is to assume small conjuncts: At other times, it seems that word order is in fact decisive. For instance, one can make a strong case that simple precedence is the/a main factor that is determining the scope of negation and thus impacting where negative polarity items (NPIs) can appear, e.g. An appropriate umbrella term that subsumes both resultative adjuncts as well as depictive adjuncts is participant-oriented adjuncts: clean, silly, into a mediative state, drunk, and angry are all participant-oriented adjuncts because they assign a property to one of the participants in the sentence. The same phenomenon is observable with floating quantifiers, e.g. The second question receives a clear answer that is purely syntactic in nature (as opposed to lexico-semantic). that-clauses have a distribution that is more limited than embedded wh-clauses. In particular, wh-clauses can easily appear as the complement of a preposition, whereas that-clauses really cannot, e.g. The scope of logical elements (including modal verbs and adverbs) is, in my view, one of the least understood areas of the syntax and semantics of natural language. As TKR points out in his comment, word order is not necessarily decisive for determining scope relations. My question in this area is therefore as follows: What can one do with constituency that one cannot do with dependency? Why is constituency needed? Topicalization does not identify the two together as a constituent: Grammatical dependencies between empty theta heads θ and their predicate Xs (head-complement dependencies) and What other parsing schemes that parse directly to dependencies (as opposed to converting from constituencies) produce structural analyses that are more in line with theoretical syntax (i.e. auxiliaries as heads over content verbs and prepositions as heads over their complements)? In my view, the reason for confusion stems from the X-bar theoretic approach to sentence structure. If one is striving to be true to the X-bar theoretic approach, then one of the two structures shown in the question might indeed be the preferred analysis. The problem with both of those trees, however, is that they are not confirmed by diagnostics for constituent structure. Most tests for constituent structure (topicalization, clefting, pseudoclefting, proform substitution, and answer fragments) identify Jessica and a gift as constituents, but they fail to identify gave Jessica as a constituent. According to the two trees, gave Jessica should be identifiable as a constituent. Leftward movement (actually copying) occurs on a massive scale in order to achieve surface word order. For instance, verbal predicates must move leftward in order to precede their object arguments, e.g. one wants eat meat instead of meat eat, one wants believe that it works instead of that it works believe, one wants say it instead of it say. etc.