LDS scholar Hugh Nibley has a thorough treatment of the subject in his article, The Stick of Judah. He begins from the premise that what Ezekiel is doing, writing on two halves of a rod and joining them together so that they become one in his hand, is familiar to his audience, even though it's not familiar to us. Then he explains the historical context: In other words, the fulfillment of Ezekiel's prophecy requires something that looks exactly like the Book of Mormon, and for which no candidate other than the Book of Mormon exists that I know of. The Book of Mormon contains the sacred records of an offshoot of the House of Israel descended from the tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh, the sons of Joseph. It speaks of God's commandments and his gospel, and testifies of Christ just as the Bible does, and it specifically mentions that its words are to be joined with the testimony of the Bible. (2 Nephi 29:8, read the entire chapter for context. The Bible does tell us that no matter what our career is, we should do it "as unto the Lord", meaning that we should do our best as if we were working for God Himself. Several examples of those serving honorably doing ordinary (secular) tasks and jobs do abound. The woman at the Well giving water, for example, or the people called to feed the hungry, fight in the battles, serve their masters. Being a good servant is a basic Christian principle, and is both commanded and honored in Scripture. 17 The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise. A Conviction (in his definition) is a position on a subject based on overwhelming Scriptural support, but no direct statement from Scripture. (not watching unwholesome movies based on "I shall set no evil thing before my eyes") For this question, we can look to precedent in that nowhere in Scripture were women appointed to fight in battle. Only men are chosen for battle in Scripture: LDS scholar Hugh Nibley has a thorough treatment of the subject in his article, The Stick of Judah. He begins from the premise that what Ezekiel is doing, writing on two halves of a rod and joining them together so that they become one in his hand, is familiar to his audience, even though it's not familiar to us. Then he explains the historical context: Matt briefly mentioned Ezekiel 37:15-23 in his answer, but it deserves greater emphasis. The linked article starts out by very briefly mentioning writing on staves, and then discounts it, saying that had Ezekiel meant a staff, he would have used a different word. And then it goes and gives several examples of 'ets meaning all sorts of things, many of which had their own specific words. But on the other hand, we have many translators and commentators throughout the ages calling Ezekiel's "wood" a staff, a rod, or a stick. People centuries closer to the author (and thus more likely to be familiar with his cultural context) than we are consistently call the "wood" a rod of some sort, so it's worth understanding why someone might do what Ezekiel describes to an actual stick. This use of tally-sticks to signify contracts is of ancient date, and survived until surprisingly late in history. The official British archive of fulfilled tally-stick contracts was kept in the Houses of Parliament until 1834. (Interestingly enough, the official written language of such contracts was not English or even Latin, but Hebrew!) Since ancient times, formal contracts have been represented by inscribing the terms on a rod and then cutting it down the middle, through the inscription. One half was given to each party to the contract. When it came time to fulfill the contract, both parties would bring their sticks before a priest, magistrate or other legal authority, who would join them together in his hand. This made fraud impossible, as only if the two pieces of wood matched perfectly, grain for grain, could the contract be verified, and changing the engraving would require physical access to both halves.