What I usually do is to see the character's surroundings as an extension or metaphor of his/her feelings or thoughts. That way, the line between description and plot suddenly disappears. 

A personal example: I'm writing a novel about the soul. If I had chosen to focus it on the Christian view, it would had been more or less culture-specific. But I chose to just talk about the soul in an universal way (e.g. Does the soul really exist or it's just an human invention?). So, I hope, it will appeal (or annoy) the majority of cultures. 

For example, is the flow disrupted or does it sound weird if only one of the items has an adjective? Of course, many people like to delve in other cultures, but that takes an special interest. And you can't predict that. 

Replacing "was" with a more "interesting" verb: “That’s good. A club that’s not from your department. A completely different experience.” 

I checked the newspapers on the wall. They were all about the crime. Funny, I do exactly that: 50-50 (I think it's a bit neurotic, though). "You're right, honey. Sorry. Sometimes I forget you’ve grown up." We reached the hotel. It was a cozy place. I liked it. 

I always considered "finding your voice" something vague and meaningless, like "finding your inner you" or "finding your true self". The following is from a story I'm writing: 

Regarding your case, I think the concept of dreams as premonitions is an universal thought. You can find the concept spread across various cultures. So I don't see any problem in it. All cultures have their own traditions but if you analyze them keenly you will find similarities among them. Exploit the similarities. Okay, some practical advice: watch George Carlin, Bill Hicks, or Louis CK's clips on YouTube. 

“Is it fun?” Mom asked. “What do you do there?” Neither of those. They can certainly make a novel enjoyable. But make it a best-seller...I'm not sure. For instance, I've never heard people say that they want to read a novel because it's set in New York or Paris or Narnia. 

Changing the order of the sentence: I think I'm a Modern Man by George Carlin, is a good example. And, after analyzing it, I've come up with some techniques. Inverting the order of the sentence: Am I in the right path? Do you have other suggestions? 

Is there any way I can work this around? 

I was happy because of what she did. Although she had nearly a hundred of dolls, she never sold any. Nor had planned to do so in the future. She just enjoyed making them The joy of making them was enough for her. She liked the fact that how she could turn them into anything she wanted them to become. Or, as Saki put it herself: into anything they wanted to become. Each doll had a flower inside, waiting to bloom. All that Saki had to do was to bring it out. It felt so easy and natural to Saki she sometimes felt the dolls where the ones building themselves. 

1999 was the year I devoted myself fully to marine biology. 

So I say, go with it. Make it funny. And with this rule in mind: what makes you laugh is likely to make your audience laugh (as long as the scene isn't offensive or excessive). 

“Yeah, I like variety.” Luckily my mother wasn’t ‘attentive’ enough to catch the meaning of complicated names. 

And be careful, many writers use this finding-my-voice thing to procrastinate, to have an excuse to not to write. “I know sometimes you think I worry too much. But all parents are like that. All we want is for our children to grow healthy and happy. Especially happy. I hope you understand that.” 

I agree with you. There's nothing wrong with that direct style. I even prefer it over the indirect/complicated one. 

Not that we didn't care about the house. 

“Sorry I couldn’t come earlier,” I said. “I’ve been busy.” 

“Animal Self-Destruction Observation Group.” So, don't think too much about it. Just write. 

I was about to give up when a shop caught my attention. It was a tiny sushi stand painted in black and red, with large white letters at the top that read Sushi Break. On the display case, there was all kinds of sushi. Tuna, salmon, roe, shrimp, squid, you name it. Their bright colors contrasted greatly with the grayness of the city, so much they almost seemed to glow. They looked tasty, and were incredibly cheap.