Finally, even Satan realized that Jesus could sin. Otherwise, why would he have even attempted to entice Jesus to break his fast, worship him, or put God to the test, in the wilderness in Luke 4 / Matthew 4? Paul summarizes his own life story in Galatians 1: The fact that Jesus finds a barren tree is disconcerting, especially since he, the Messiah has come. Like his parable of the bridesmaids (where 5 foolish women burn all their oil but 5 wise ones save it), Jesus expects his people his people to be ready. (Indeed, there are several parables that teach this very point). Upon finding his Temple in disarray, Jesus is visibly disappointed that the fruits of Temple worshippers are noticeably absent. Like the Tree, the Temple worshippers may not have thought they needed to be in season, but they are wrong. Now, others have taken the gifts of the wise men in Matthew to suggest that Joseph and Mary eventually came into some money. (Who knows, maybe Joseph pulled a Gary Coleman on Jesus and sold the stuff for himself!) Because of this sin, we deserve eternal death - separation from God Loving others is the natural outflow of loving Jesus. Indeed, the Gospels argue that all right behavior is supposed to stem, not from conviction, but from love. As Jesus states this plainly in John 14:15 as such: The Torah - aka the Pentetuch - and especially the latter half of Exodus and all of Leviticus and Deuteronomy - record the sacrifices, rules, and details about worship collectively called "the Law." Jesus said that he came "not to abolish the law, but to fulfill it." He came as the sin offering. He came as the Jubilee. He came to "cleanse people from their sins," and so on. When Jesus' parents "redeem" him at the Temple, bringing the sacrifice the poor person is supposed to offer, Jesus identifies with the lowly. In these parts of the Old Testament, the types of Christ are ceremonialily pre-figurative. This is made explicit in Matthew, when John initially refuses to baptize Jesus, but Jesus insists, saying, "this is necessary to fulfill all righteousness." There are several theories about what Jesus was alluding to in calling himself son of Man (literally son of 'a-dam'): In the Synoptics, the story of the fig tree has as its inclusio Jesus clearing the Temple. From "The Dictionary of Jesus and the Gospels" To say Paul knew nothing of Christ simply does not square with the primary sources. The Book of Exodus, of course, is God rescuing and redeeming his people. As just one example, the Passover meal is later used by Jesus to prefigure his death, and is later appropriated as what is now called "Communion" or the "Eucharist." In 1 Samuel - 2 Chronicles, a kingdom is established through David, over which Jesus would rule forever. The idea is that the grand sweep of history is often summarized as "Creation. Fall, Redemption" and is seen as the "story of God"