Skinner, of course, believed that free will is an illusion, so there's nothing to take away. (Hence this conditioning is not immoral.) His book Walden 2 describes a society in which social engineering techniques (like you describe) are used to create a utopia. Drug users have more counter-examples. Caffeine makes many people more motivated, but doesn't appear to increase satisfaction once the task you were motivated to do is complete. The difficulty with defining "happiness" in a reasonable way is one of the reasons why contemporary philosophers frequently focus on preference satisfaction instead. To declare my conflict of interest: I tend to be on the Skinner side of things. If you want to be free come what may, more power to you. But if you'd like to be coddled and nannied, then I see no reason why we should worry about trivial things like "autonomy." So I probably am not doing Kant et al. justice. Here is a simple counter-example: have you ever eaten until you were sick? Even knowing that having that extra piece of cake will make you feel miserable, you can't stop yourself. Some classics in the area would be Kant's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals (see e.g. The Categorical Imperative - Freedom and Autonomy) and Mill's On Liberty. The SEP's entry on autonomy might be a good place to start. It sounds like you may be new to the wonderful world of differing ethical opinions, but suffice it to say there are several competing schools of thought with diametrically opposed views on the matter. At a more physical level, this can be seen as a result of the fact that multiple neurotransmitters are responsible for "motivation" and "happiness." The reason you want to have sex is probably due to your dopamine levels; the reason you feel happy after having sex is probably more related to oxytocin. As Wikipedia says: Its most interesting form is in the Greek ostracism, through which people could vote to expel a citizen, and this was frequently turned on those whom history might define as the "best." A famous story tell of 'Aristides the Good' coming into Athens when an illiterate peasant asked him to help him vote in the ostracism. Aristides agreed and asked the man who he wanted to ostracize. The peasant replied Aristides the Good. When asked what Aristides had done wrong, the peasant replied, "Oh nothing. I just get sick of hearing him called 'The Good'." Modern tabloid news serves much the same bilious function. A long-winded digression, but I hope you will find some useful terms and indicators in the above. I would look at Nietzsche's "slave morality," the philosophical works on "resentment" and the history of "ostracism, for starters. The TPS concept itself seems to have near-equivalents in the proverbs and social mechanisms of many cultures. Several off-the-cuff answers come to mind. The first is a behavioral test. Is a "philosopher" today readily distinguished from other people by observation in public settings? Probably not. Certainly not to the extent of a Diogenes. I might only suggest that this might be better answered by revisiting Kant than by looking for "the latest." Radical alterity is not, as far as I can see, an advance on the Kantian noumenal. Nor can a morality ever advance without the "radical alterity" of someone not "oneself," yet also treated as an end. However, Kant is not very lenient towards civil disobedience, and lying is his paradigm example of a CA violation, since lying "universalized" rationally contradicts the very possibility of effectively lying. Your question about the scope of "reasonable generalization" is right on the money. But actually working that out requires working through Kant's entire concept of "reason-freedom" and the CA, and remains, I believe, a vexed question. Skinner, of course, believed that free will is an illusion, so there's nothing to take away. (Hence this conditioning is not immoral.) His book Walden 2 describes a society in which social engineering techniques (like you describe) are used to create a utopia. If you are interested in reasons why losing autonomy might be a morally relevant action, you might consider whether rational (autonomous) thought is important for ethical reasoning, whether losing autonomy will make it harder for you or those around you to satisfy your preferences, or whether making autonomous decisions is important for being a "good person". The difficulty with defining "happiness" in a reasonable way is one of the reasons why contemporary philosophers frequently focus on preference satisfaction instead. To declare my conflict of interest: I tend to be on the Skinner side of things. If you want to be free come what may, more power to you. But if you'd like to be coddled and nannied, then I see no reason why we should worry about trivial things like "autonomy." So I probably am not doing Kant et al. justice. Drug users have more counter-examples. Caffeine makes many people more motivated, but doesn't appear to increase satisfaction once the task you were motivated to do is complete. Some classics in the area would be Kant's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals (see e.g. The Categorical Imperative - Freedom and Autonomy) and Mill's On Liberty.