It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). So this question really fall under the umbrella of of the fall like mentioned above, that all good or bad are susceptible to the effects of "darkness" (evil, devil): I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. Should it be a representation of God as the spirit within (so we are focusing inside of our-self during prayer - closing out all the external), to the more external ambiguous God "in the sky", to a human form (to Jesus) or to something that is more like a "force field" (omnipresent)? There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: http://www.thefaithlog.com/2005/08/rain-for-just-and-unjust.html but there is also an external representation of God. For example: (or the opposite, that God will let "light" be shown to the good and the bad) Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible However, it is very intriguing to point out a fact that there are people who intentionally sin as part of their life style with exceptional health, wealth and well-being. Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? 45 If you do this, you will be children who are truly like your Father in heaven. He lets the sun rise for all people, whether they are good or bad. He sends rain to those who do right and to those who do wrong. or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? "Faith is the key to open the door inside of us, that opens to God." How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith? There are some very bad translations out there (see Was Jesus a Separate God?), but again, those are not the fault of the manuscripts, but rather translation choices that lacked scholarship. There have been people who promulgated the theory that Baal and YHWH were the male and female essences of the same pre-caananite god, but this is by no means a universal interpretation. Interestingly, by the time of Jesus, Baal had morphed into "Beelzebub", a name commonly associated with the devil. So, the claims is "should not perish" is not supported by the manuscript evidence. Okay, let's assume its true. The doctrine of annihilationism is not predicated solely on this Scripture, and in any case, isn't accepted by most Christians. In either case, the significant theological point is "Believe in Jesus, Have eternal life." Hell has other scripture to make the case one way or the other. Lord of Canaanite religion and seen in the thunderstorms, Baal was worshiped as the god who provided fertility. He proved a great temptation for Israel. “Baal” occurs in the OT as a noun meaning “lord, owner, possessor, or husband,” as a proper noun referring to the supreme god of the Canaanites, and often as the name of a man. According to 1 Chron. 5:5 Baal was a descendant of Reuben, Jacob’s firstborn son, and the father of Beerah. Baal was sent into exile by Tiglath-pileser, king of Assyria. The genealogical accounts of Saul’s family listed in 1 Chron. 9:35–36 indicates that the fourth son of Jehiel was named Baal. The noun comes from a verb that means to marry or rule over. The verb form occurs in the Hebrew text 29 times, whereas the noun occurs 166 times. The noun appears in a number of compound forms which are proper names for locations where Canaanite deities were worshiped, such as Baal-peor (Num. 25:5; Deut. 4:3; Ps. 106:28; Hos. 9:10), Baal-hermon (Judg. 3:3; 1 Chron. 5:23), and Baal-gad (Josh. 11:17; 12:7; 13:5). See Canaan.   Firstly because in Aramaic and Hebrew language there is no word for “Cousin” and as such they were either called brothers or with circumlocution. In Septuagint, the Hebrew word that included both brothers and cousins was translated as “adelphos” which in Greek has same narrow meaning like in English “brother” has. Even though the Greek has a separate word for cousin, the translators of Septuagint used the word Adelphos even for true cousins and the same usage was employed by writers of New Testament. Catholics meditate on Scripture at every Mass. The readings and responsorial Psalm during the Liturgy of the Word are taken directly from the Bible. Each Sunday mass includes three readings from Bible, first and second readings from Old Testament, Acts, Epistles or from Book of Revelation and third reading is from one of the four Gospel. First two readings are read by lay people and Gospel reading is always done by priest. Other daily masses (weekday’s masses) comprise only two readings and one of this is invariably from Gospel. Secondly, when Jesus is found in temple at the age of 12, the context suggest that he was the only son of Mary (Luke 2:41-51). In Mark 6:3 Jesus is referred as “the son of Mary” and not “a son”.  Also others in Gospels are never referred as sons of Mary, not even when they are called Jesus’ brothers, which is strange in case they were indeed his brothers. Another view on this verse is that, if Jesus had brothers from Mother Mary, then we find something awkward or amiss with this verse. Here all those who were closest to Jesus were there at the foot of the cross except his purportedly-existing brothers. This is something unimaginable by any count of imagination. If Jesus had brothers then they would have been definitely standing here. [I cannot imagine myself to be not there as a brother of Jesus(In case if I were one) especially when my mother and even distantly related women were standing there unafraid of Jews].