But was Ockham really a sedevacantist (i.e., one not explicitly against the papacy per se but against a particular pope claimant)? 

All creatures are good because God created them (Gen. 1:31). It's their immoderate usage which can be evil. Holy Scripture distinguishes alcoholic drinks, medicines, and harmful drugs. 

This is sedevacantism because sedevacantism doesn't deny the papacy (as Protestants do). 

What about when a bishop does teach error or heresy? For example, Pope Honorius I is thought to have taught the monothelite heresy (that Christ only has one will) in a private letter (see this for the controversy), and St. Frances de Sales, in his The Catholic Controversy, considered the possibility that he was a formal heretic and, since heretics are outside the Church, thus also an anti-pope. It's worth quoting the beginning of The Catholic Controversy (pp. 305 f.), the chapter on "how ministers have violated their authority", which teaching influenced the First Vatican Council's definition on papal authority quoted above: 

(14) A good man ought so to conform his will to the divine will that he himself wishes whatever God wishes; because God wishes me to have sinned in some way, I would not wish that I had not committed sins, and this is true repentance. 

The Third Commandment that ordered the Jews to keep Saturday holy is a typical case of a positive law abrogated and replaced by another by the Christian Church. So in the First Commandment we must distinguish the clauses — "Thou shalt not have strange gods before me", "Thou shall not adore them nor serve them" — which are eternal natural law (prohibitum quia malum), from the clause: "Thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image", etc. In whatever sense the archaeologist may understand this, it is clearly not natural law, nor can anyone prove the inherent wickedness of making a graven thing; therefore it is Divine positive law (malum quia prohibitum) of the Old Dispensation that no more applies to Christians than the law of marrying one's brother's widow. 

Entire books of the bible are devoted to the prophets. One example (often used in homilies and teachings by Catholic clergy) is Samuel (From 1 Samuel 3) 

When you get to ideas and doctrines like God being omnipresent and thus unbound by time, the whole idea of a "before" for God loses meaning. This could lead to God knowing you as being unbounded by time at all stretching into infinity/eternity in both directions and thus more or less "before conception." Interesting as a line of inquiry, but not helpful to answering your question. The Catechism tries to make things more understandable, not less so. (Though it success on that score varies). 

Speaking on this point, the Fourth Lateran Council (1215) declared: 

The Rite of Election -- where the local ordinary will (during the early part of Lent) identify those who are eligible and willing to receive the sacraments at the Easter Vigil. 

§2. Churches, especially cathedrals and parish churches, are to be dedicated by the solemn rite. 

[979] Cf. John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Centesimus Annus, 40: AAS 83 (1991), 843. 

"and [Holy] Tradition transmits in its entirety the Word of God which has been entrusted to the apostles by Christ the Lord and the Holy Spirit. It transmits it to the successors of the apostles so that, enlightened by the Spirit of truth, they may faithfully preserve, expound and spread it abroad by their preaching." 

The authors' bias presents a post hoc criticism and dishonestly presents the teaching of the Church in presenting the basis of your question. While the Catholic Church teaches that Holy Tradition and Holy Scripture have been bound together since the beginning, the authors' statement presents the view, that Scripture (which they as sola scriptura advocates hold as separate from Tradition) is being denigrated as insufficient. Yet the church does not use the term "insufficient" for Scripture. 

[977] Cf. John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Sollicitudo Rei Socialis, 34: AAS 80 (1988), 559-560. 

Catechism Reference on the relationship between God and Mankind 

The Catechism of the Catholic Church, article 752, supports the points above: 

To answer your subordinate question: per the RCC, no, it is not a divine sign. 

If you were using a generic definition for sanctification, yes. 

This is about correct teaching and the meanings of latria and worship. The crux of the matter, as far back as the Second Ecumenical Council in Nicaea, was whether proper teaching was getting to the faithful. In some places, it was not since the Iconoclast movement was a response to a trend toward syncretism with pagan Greek religions. That "getting the teaching across effectively" isn't as easy as it sounds. Even after the second council of Nicaea, up to the 11th Century France for example, there was difficulty in effectively communicating the teaching that derived from that Ecumenical Council. (Of course, the Reformation gave two fingers to the teaching, in arguments that resemble your four points).