It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: but there is also an external representation of God. For example: http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? 

What place does Lilith have in Christianity? Is she part of the devil, an evil angel, is she relevant today? 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. 

In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith? Should it be a representation of God as the spirit within (so we are focusing inside of our-self during prayer - closing out all the external), to the more external ambiguous God "in the sky", to a human form (to Jesus) or to something that is more like a "force field" (omnipresent)? 

The background idea behind this is that Christians who are not baptized are not saved. Since they're not saved, they should not be able to partake of the communion and are in violation of 1 Corinthians 11:27. As The Rev. Gerald Schrankler said in this thread: 

Other verses seem to emphasis this: Does anyone know what these reasons are? I'd like to know if these religious arguments against IVF are biblically based. If so, what passages do they use to support this argument? Embryo Screening is the process of fertilizing multiple eggs, checking their DNA makeup, and then screening out the eggs that do not meet the requirements. These requirements can be anything from potential health issues (genetic diseases) to gender preference. Key Verse: I'll put this here for later reference: In Catholicism Catholics actually allow others to take part in the Holy Communion, with tight restrictions. 

These concepts make people think that Jesus was not actually God and that only God the Father is actually God. 

Protestantism One belief is that the communion should be something solely for people who are saved, committed Christians. 

Also, they take the following verse (Phillippians 2:6-8) and use this to say that Jesus had the form of God (outer appearance), but took on the form of man. So, (ironically) while it's central to the concept of the Trinity, it's also used in Unitarianism to show how Jesus was not God: It seems that regulations and opinions on this are varied. It depends (very strongly) on the denomination and what they believe. 

...While we cannot admit them to Holy Communion, we ask them to offer their prayers for the peace and the unity of the human family. Also, in Matthew 4:10, Jesus himself says to: John Wesley, however, believed that communion was a "means of grace" (source). Therefore, it shouldn't be withheld from anyone--believers or non-believers. 

I was researching a different question and saw that some people find that In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) is something that should be avoided on the basis of religious grounds. (This seems especially strange to me since pregnancy wasn't fully understood back then, let alone IVF.) 

The idea here is that if someone wants to come to communion, we should not prevent them. It may very well be the means that leads to their salvation! Clearly that's not something we would want to withhold. 

Here, Jesus is speaking of God as the only true God and Jesus as being sent by God, not being God incarnate. 

Obviously, the Bible doesn't have much to say about this directly. Still, I'm curious what the Catholic stance is for or against this and what Bible verses support this stance. 

Summary Ultimately, it seems that there are very widely dispersed opinions on this matter. The biblical basis as you asked, is 1 Corinthians 11:27-28. However, the interpretation of that verse has lead to varied regulations. 

The Christian Bible therefore contains two parts - the Jewish scriptures are referred to as the Old Testament (more accurately Old Convenant) and the writings about Jesus are the New Testament (New Covenant). We will never of course be sure that Philemon followed through with this, but I personally like to think so. 

Christians are not bound by the Law: 

The basis for this position is given on the page referenced above: 

Since there is a 'vast theological basis' for these activities, the founders take the view that there is nothing wrong, and much that is right, with adapting them to a present-day form. 

There are others of course. Each side has good arguments why their favorite verses are definitive, and the others are a matter of context. 

A good article about the nature and structure of the Church according to Catholic doctrine can be found here. In short the Catholic view is: 

It is important to note that Christianity does not consider itself a wholly and entirely different religion from Judaism. Instead Christian belief is that God worked his will through his Chosen People, the Jews, promising them a Saviour (Messiah) in due course. However when that Saviour was sent, some accepted him and some did not. Those that did became Christians, and those that did not continued to call themselves Jews. 

However there is much more to the book of Philemon than that. Paul makes a great deal of pointing out to Philemon the new relationship between him and Onesimus: as you put it, there being in Christ "no difference between human master and human slave". He strongly hints without ever expressly commanding it, that Philemon should free Onesimus because of this. He hints rather than commands because he realizes that Philemon is fully entitled to keep and punish Onesimus, and he wants Philemon to not do this of his own free will, not because he has been told to.