In spring 1944, most of the U-boats were based in the ports of the Bay of Biscay, where they had easier access to the North Atlantic than they would had they been based in the Channel ports. On June 6th, all seaworthy U-boats in port were ordered to go into the Channel and attack the invasion fleet. I don't think the Japanese would have given the canal high enough priority to take that risk, given its limited practical effect and that they always concentrated on attacking military forces and neglected attacks on USN logistics throughout the war. Sources: Adam Tooze, The Wages of Destruction, and Alfred C. Mierzejewski, The Collapse of the German War Economy, 1944-45. Addendum: u-boat.net shows two U-boats lost on 7th June, one of them definitely in the area; three on the 8th, two of them in the area, one on the 10th in the area, one on the 18th south of Guernsey, and one each on the 22nd, 24th, 25th and 30th June. There would not have been a large reserve of U-boats ready to sail, so this is likely a large fraction of the ones that went to oppose the invasion. Pearl Harbour was (edit) the base where most of the US Pacific Fleet was deployed, and the intention was to attack the fleet in harbour. That was because ships that are stationary are much easier to hit with bombs and torpedoes. Staging the attack required knowing that the fleet was actually at its base, but that was hard to hide - ships are big and easy to see - and the Japanese had a consulate nearby that could make reports. Going very deep to evade attack is thus dangerous, and will raise the stress levels of the crew and make them consume more air. It might have worked as a dive-bomber, but it would have needed significant modifications for that, and the Luftwaffe had mostly given up dive-bombing by 1944. Edit: The aircraft is much faster than the Ju 87, but I really doubt it could be dived at full speed, because it would have hit compressibility problems rather quickly. It would have needed powerful dive brakes, and would have been vulnerable to AAA in the dive. By this stage, in late 1944, the Luftwaffe could not effectively resist the bomber fleets, and had no ability to attack Great Britain with gas in response. The V-2 wasn't suitable for gas warheads, simply because it lacked a proximity fuse. It was a matter of production volumes. As of mid-1945, the Manhattan Project was still dependent on the very slow electromagnetic process at the Y-12 plant at Oak Ridge for producing highly enriched uranium (HEU). When Little Boy was detonated, it expended at least 90% of the HEU that was available.