From Official Rules of the National Basketball Association, Rule 10 (Violations and Penalties), Section XIII (Illegal Assist in Scoring): The NFL has similar language. From the Official Playing Rules of the NFL 2012, Rule 15, Section 9 (Instant Replay): Source: History of the Free Throw Not long after that, Dr. Naismith came up with the concept of the free throw. Instead of awarding points automatically to the other team, a fouled player would be given a chance to take a shot from a free throw line, and earn another field goal for his team. IX. Emirates ATP Rankings, 9.03 Emirates ATP Rankings: By definition, a let does not result in a point scored. Additionally, the service does not change until a certain number of points are scored. As a result, you can serve multiple "net serves" in a row, and each will be a let. This section of the rule book does not specify a penalty for skipping other commitment tournaments. The Rankings section of the rulebook reveals the penalty. If the other commitment tournaments are skipped, they are counted against the player for ranking purposes. Kicking the ball in, even if it is easier for you, is not allowed (NCAA Rule 9, Section 7; NBA Rule 10, Section 4). The replay official is supposed to let the ruling on the field stand unless there is "indisputable video evidence" that the wrong call was made. A let in table tennis is any rally that does not end in a score. The "net service" that you described, where the ball on the service touches the net as it goes over, is one type of let. (All of the circumstances that result in a let are listed in the ITTF Handbook, section 2.09.) 8-Ball is a very popular game worldwide. However, as you noted in your question, there are competing sets of rules. Unlike other sports, there is no single authority for pool that sets the rules for this game. b. Climbing on or lifting a teammate to secure greater height. ITTF is still approving celluloid balls, and they may still be used for non-ITTF sanctioned events. If you have an ITTF-approved ball in your hand and are unclear if you have a celluloid or plastic ball, the plastic balls have "40+" printed on them. Celluloid balls have "40" printed without the "+" character. With the exception of a substitute for an injured goalkeeper, only players who are on the field of play or are temporarily off the field of play (injury, adjusting equipment, etc.) at the end of the match are eligible to take kicks. Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that Each team is responsible for selecting from the eligible players the order in which they will take the kicks. The referee is not informed of the order. the ball is placed for the next down based on its position when the down ends, and not for example when a defender first made contact with the attacker or when the attacker first took possession. [after a delayed penalty, and the offender's team gains possession], the Referee will blow his whistle to stop play and impose the penalty on the offending player. As a delivery is a free hit, the batsman cannot be out Stumped (Law 28.17, Out from a No ball, which is further applied to the free hit itself). Whether the batsman was or was not attempting to run between the creases cannot be determined by anybody who was not present and does not have access to conclusive video or audio evidence. Contacting the ball with any part of the body below the waist used to be illegal. When the ball hits any part of your body, including the leg or the foot, it constitutes a legal hit. Another USA Volleyball rule update for the 2010 season slightly changed the rule regarding physical support for a teammate. Previously you couldn't get a teammate's help to reach a ball. Now you can't get a teammate's help to hit the ball, although it is still legal for a teammate to stop you or hold you back from touching the net or crossing the center line. Similarly, the 2011-12 FIVB international rules state: According to another site, volleyball rules state: The decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play, including whether or not a goal is scored and the result of the match, are ﬁnal. The referee may only change a decision on realising that it is incorrect or, at his discretion, on the advice of an assistant referee or the fourth ofﬁcial, provided that he has not restarted play or terminated the match. 20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). The game as a whole is made simpler and more coherent if it is only possible to move forward when attacking, and this requires that it not be possible to move forward when defending. To be attacking, a team must have possession, one way or another. The exception is backward movement made as part of the attack, i.e. the snap and any backward passes or runs: the attacking team sacrifices territory now in order to gain territory in several seconds. Each team is responsible for selecting from the eligible players the order in which they will take the kicks. The referee is not informed of the order. Thus, there is no concern over whether the order will be suboptimal based on the coin toss. Instead, managers are faced with a much more dynamic and complex situation: choosing the most optimal order from this point onwards and before every individual shot. Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, At no point in any part of the rule is any mention or implication that the offender's opponents may decide the penalty is not served at all.