Sites like the very pro-breastfeeding kellymom.com also provide alternatives to the bottle for infants under 1 year of age. For example they recommend cup feeding using a cup such as the Foley cup. This resource also talks about teaching a special needs child how to use a straw cup and gives you all sorts of resources on straw cup useage. So should you desire to move away from the bottle in the 4 to 6 month range, it is possible though not necessary. 

A very big thing to do, as well, is to try and minimize dangerous items via childproofing. Keep blind cords out of the way via a cord shortener or by tying a knot where only adults can reach. Keep children out of the kitchen when the oven is on. Keep pot handles turned to the back. There are a lot more suggestions in this toddler child-proofing list and you can find many more via a web search. If you keep your blind cords out of the way, put loose wires behind furniture, and so on you give your child more room to explore with fewer nos. 

This advice is specific to the schedule mentioned above. For many children short naps are a sign of being kept up too long before naps causing overtiredness, but the above schedule is at least on the border of being too short. Usually a cup of water is introduced at mealtimes when solid foods are introduced. This cup is more for practice than for hydration. There are usually three methods of making the final transition for toddlers over 12 months of age. I've seen online all the suggestions for Mom to avoid dairy or "gassy" foods, but I'm loathe to complicate life with an infant further without real medical cause and I don't know of any doctor who routinely advises a breastfeeding mother to avoid certain foods unless an allergy really is suspected. My baby doesn't spit up much that we can see but does seem to occasionally spit up and then swallow it back down. She's pretty cheerful, though, so I don't suspect reflux. It's just this night time episode when she's been lying still for hours after a feeding, hits light sleep, and then notices the pain. I've heard that 4 months is the magic time when the usual gas pain will go away. I've been planning on gritting my teeth about this whole issue until my baby's 4 month check-up and bringing it up yet again if it's still happening. What should I say when I do, or should I try calling in yet again with other information? Could the pediatrician be missing something? Another common thing to do is teach a few alternate words instead of a forceful "NO!" Many families use "danger" and "hot!" for things like the stove or oven. 

Recently the distraction has gotten worse and she is increasing the frequency and length of night feeding. At first I attributed it to teething, but her gums no longer seem to be bothering her and the behavior is continuing. I am currently attempting to space her feedings out to see if getting her hungrier will help, as well as decreasing her solid intake (about 3 oz. at 2 feedings up until this point). She has gone from insistently demanding food during the day to just wanting to play all day and insistently demanding food during the night (waking up screaming and not being calmed by anything other than nursing even when she knows how to get her pacifier and settle herself back to sleep and does at some wakings). She's not reverse cycling because she sleeps much more at night than during the day, but she seems to be getting an awful lot of her calories at night.