The U.K. voters have voted to be "out" so if their voice will be respected, and that's surely what one expects in this cradle of democracy and capitalism, Britain will be out regardless of all details of the type you mentioned. The legally expected steps now are the following: At one moment, the British government must send a letter to the European Council or make a speech saying that they formally activate the "Article 50" of the EU treaty (which is about the exit). From that moment, a 2-year window will be dedicated to negotiations. Some majorities of EU countries have to agree with the proposals, and so on. If the agreement isn't completed within the 2-year deadline, the treaties with the U.K. will cease to apply regardless of consequences at that moment of the year 2018. And your expectations about what will happen are rather unrealistic. The prospective British prime ministers don't seem to be willing to continue in the open-door immigration policies, for example. The massive influx of people from the Middle East but also from post-communist Europe will be severely reduced or stopped once the U.K. officially leaves the EU. One must realize that the departure of the U.K. has the other side as well. The EU will try to influence things in various ways. I think that the most important EU officials have understood that a majority of the Britons isn't really compatible with the kind of the EU they want to build. So politicians like Juncker probably actively want the U.K. to leave. But as discussed in a previous question, they have no legally prescribed procedures to expel a member state. The referendum result means nothing from the perspective of the EU law – only the letter activating Article 50 would. The answer whether Britain will be "in" or "out" cannot be determined solely from the assumptions you gave. If the U.K. stays in the EU, obviously "everything like elsewhere in EU" will be still true. But the reverse implication isn't quite true. And it's unlikely that the U.K. stays "in". To summarize, the causal relationship goes exactly in the opposite direction than you suggest. Whether the U.K. is a member or not is an important condition that determines many aspects of the life of the country. It's not true in the opposite direction, as you suggest, that its membership can be "calculated" from the way what the life in the country actually looks like. Norway is more closely associated with the EU than Switzerland. But even in Norway, only a minority – 10 or 20 percent – of the EU laws apply. The percentage is much lower in Switzerland. The spirit of the Brexit discussion was that the Brits voted to be much closer to Switzerland than Norway when it comes to their relationship to the EU. Yes, de iure, it is possible for the future prime minister to be someone who is determined not to pay attention to the referendum. Because the U.K. Parliament picks the prime minister, it would almost certainly have to mean that a majority of the lawmakers finds this attitude acceptable, too. The only problem is that this politician and those who adopt his or her attitude are flagrantly dismissing the will of the people. It's something not expected in the U.K. which is one of the cradles of democracy, freedom, and capitalism. I don't get this one either. The suicide rate in Denmark is quite average. However, the country in the world with the highest suicide rate is Greenland which is part of the Danish realm (it's complicated). But when he would be referencing that, I wonder why he doesn't mention Greenland directly. In many European states, the governing parties currently feel an increasing competition from right-wing nationalist parties. They are afraid that should Poland be successful and unopposed with their current course of action, it might cause a ripple effect which also strengthens similar parties in their own states and erodes their own power-base. And finally, the whole commission must be approved again by a parliament majority. The parliament can not reject individual commission members; they need to accept either all of them or none. However, the threat of shooting down the whole commission because of a few unpopular members has in the past convinced individual governments to revise their appointment. The thing Oliver is actually making fun of here is the British tendency to make jokes about other EU countries. So these "example jokes" are not particularly good and more based on stereotypes than clever political observation. If you expected any witty political satire hidden in here, spare yourself the time and please do not read on. There is just one caveat: The EU itself didn't sign the VCoDR. But all its members have. Also, the EU exchanges diplomatic missions with over a hundred different states, and these diplomatic exchanges generally play by the rules of the VCoDR. So one could reason that the VCoDR simply became customary law for the EU. All of this is of course quite vague and open to interpretation. But when an organization has a set of political core values defined in its carta, then it is part of its very nature to "repress" any attempts to undermine these values. So when a member state does no longer respect these principles, there have to be consequences. There are four major organs of the EU: Refugees which come from countries where their life is in danger have the right to enter the European Union and seek asylum according to the Dublin Regulation. This means war refugees from Syria are not illegal immigrants. Hungary has signed this regulation, so they have to let the refugees cross the border, no matter if they want them or not. This is different from immigration for economical reasons. People who originate from countries where their life and liberty are not in danger do not have the right to seek asylum in the European Union. They are considered illegal immigrants and are deported back to their home-countries when found. Keeping these people out is the main motivation behind Frontex and the Polish border fortification the OP mentioned in a comment.