The Queen only has the power to authorise the formation of a new government and appoint a new Prime Minister. There aren't any special powers in the event of a hung parliament. There are three main prerogative powers recognised under the common law which still reside in the jurisdiction of the Crown. Firstly, the appointment of a Prime Minister; the sovereign must appoint that person who is in the best position to receive the support of the majority in the House of Commons. However, this does not involve the sovereign in making a personal assessment of leading politicians since no major party could fight a general election without a recognised leader. It's a speech delivered from the throne in the House of Lords chamber that outlines the government's proposed policies and laws that they want to get passed for the new parliamentary session. 

The leader of the party that can tell the Queen they have a workable Commons majority is the one Her Majesty will authorise to form a government. Source: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-cancels-2018-queens-speech-push-through-brexit-laws-a7795541.html If the incumbent government loses a motion of no confidence, and 14 days pass without a vote of confidence in any new government formed. The House of Commons votes by a two-thirds majority to hold the election earlier. References: As to why the UK would want to leave Euratom, it's likely because they want to exit the EU completely and control all their laws and policies, including their nuclear plants etc., which is in line with what the government has repeatedly conveyed. 

As Foster did not resign on her own the Nationalist PM, Martin McGuinness, did resign, and the Sinn Fein did not present another candidate until some demands were met (including Foster being removed from her position until the scandal was properly researched). Since the agreements by which UK gave powers to the North Ireland government stablished the need of both PM, in the absence of one of them the North Ireland government became inoperative. 

A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. Once art. 50 is invoked, there is a time limit. It means any blocking action by the UK will have due date, and that the EU will have the leverage of simply "letting the UK go" without any concessions after the two years, in case that the UK becomes a PITA. 1 There are currently two new parties in the political scene, and one of them has already presented joint candidates with other party.