This is stated under the Presentment Clause of the US Constitution. Evidence or examples are greatly appreciated. As seen on Wikipedia, Donald Trump seems to have signed only 1 executive order and 5 presidential memoranda, as opposed to all being executive orders. 

In case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the Vice President shall become President. 

Once the polls close, news networks will start projecting the winner of a state, sometimes almost instantly. Note: I'm not asking about how do they do it, e.g. using exit polls, etc. Just want to know if all news networks project the winner together or independently. Update: Evan McMullin has chosen Mindy Finn as his running mate, so what would happen to 'Nathan Johnson' who is still on the ballot? 

This Slate article further describes why people not charged can be pardoned. 

I heard that not all electronic voting machines leave a paper trail, how would a recount ascertain the results? If the machines were hacked and data was changed, wouldn't a recount still show the same results? If so, why even bother to request a recount? However, if Congress adjourns and the President did not sign the bill, the bill will not become law, it is known as a "pocket veto". 

William Henry Harrison (the 9th President) died 32 days into his term, but it's still after Inauguration Day. Flynn took office together with President Trump and his executive team: Trump therefore felt he could not trust his top foreign policy right-hand and on key national security issues like China and the Middle East, Spicer said. 

So, why are there holdovers from the previous administration? Is this customary or by law? 

He denied the contact with the Russian ambassador in an interview on Feb 8. 

As it's obvious now, pre-election polling and forecast models have been terribly wrong in this election cycle as not many predicted a Trump victory. Also, Trump doesn't seem to like it: However, this is not the problem, since Japan theoretically has a even higher ratio at 234%. (As to why Japan's debt isn't a problem, this answer on Quora explains it). The problem with Greece's debt lies in it's unemployment rate. Greece has an unemployment rate of around 25 percent, a number higher than the United States during the Great Depression. 

In this case, it is more advantageous for him to publish the emails himself since he can claim he is transparent. By letting the NYT publish it, he won't be able to do that but the contents of the email are still revealed. 

"The level of trust between the President and Gen. Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had to make a change," Spicer told reporters. "The President was very concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others." If Congress adjourns before the 10 days and the President has not signed the bill then it does not become law ("Pocket Veto.") 

Nominations must be formally submitted to the relevant Senate committee before a vote in the Senate can take place. Thus, by just announcing nominees and not formally nominating them, they cannot be confirmed by the Senate. 

In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be removed, or a President shall be elected.