The short answer to your question is that in Islam you can't trade or make commercial transactions about that which you do not own. Our life is in God's Hands - we do not own our lives, we merely "look after" it. Also as Dr. Hatem quotes in the article linked below from Faisal Maulawi, life insurance is all about accumulating wealth - there is no element of removing harm or risk or anything. 

There is no point in arguing about the effects of marijuana on the mind - the effects of THC are well-documented. 

An intoxicant is defined, for legal purposes in Islam, as anything that dulls the senses and induces a state of mental fogginess (e.g. to the point where one is unaware of what one does). For example, one such principle is mentioned in the following narration from `Umar (ra) 

It depends on the intention behind the categorization. The Prophet (saws) himself categorized the Muslims of his time as Muhajirin and Ansar. BUT at the same time, when one of the Companions used a different categorization to put someone down and insult them, the Prophet (saws) was quite firm in telling them to cut it out. 

Obligatory (fard or wajib) Recommended (mandub or mustahabb) Neither recommended nor disliked (mubah) Disliked (makruh) All the above categories are "halal." 

The general rules for naming someone with one of Allah's Names are as follows: 

If however the name refers to a more general quality, like hearing, listening, being generous, wisdom, etc. it is permissible to call a person by that name. Of course the permissibility is for those Names of Allah that satisfy this condition and with the initial "al" removed from the name (because "al" implies uniqueness and exclusivity). 

Source: IslamQA answer - quoting Imam an-Nawawi, a Shafi'i reference and a Hanafi reference. 

And khamr is what confuses and stupefies the mind 

Having said that, there is a well-known hadith about the ummah splitting into 73 sects: http://sunnah.com/abudawud/42#2 . So the lesson from the hadith is beware of identifying with a sect that is destined for jahannam. 

To answer your question, yes, if it is not halal then it must be haram. There is no "in-between." Imam an-Nawawi's hadith about doubtful matters refers to things about whose ruling we are unsure of (due to a lack of a clear cut text about them or for some other reason); it does not mean that there is a separate category "doubtful" that they fall under. 

As for other forms of insurance, @Ershad's answer gives you the answer from Eastern scholars who may not necessarily be familiar with insurance as practised in Western lands or scholars who issued their rulings for Muslims living in those lands. Insurance can be a highly complicated matter that requires a good amount of scholarly research to fully understand. For a Western perspective or Muslims living as minority perspective, I highly recommend Dr. Hatem al-Haj's treatise on the subject. Dr. al-Haj is a member of AMJA, the Assembly of Muslim Jurists of America. He concludes by essentially saying that in a vacuum, it would appear after analysis that insurance as practised today commercially is not permissible. Even in context, a lot of it doesn't rise to the level of darurah, except perhaps for certain cases (read the full article for details). In the case of life insurance, there is just no need-based justification for overturning the general impermissibility of insurance. Numerous ayaat and ahadith make it clear that Allah is the Provider, and there is no need to resort to unlawful means for fear of "possible future poverty."