For in the gospel the righteousness of God is revealed—a righteousness that is by faith from first to last, just as it is written: “The righteous will live by faith.” (Romans 1:17, NIV) 

"Christ defeated death" After receiving the death penalty, Jesus again rose from the death to declare victory over death. The resurrection of Christ enables us to share in His resurrection. 

"We need to live by faith" We need faith in our every day life. We need to walk by faith, we need to live by faith, we need to pray by faith and we need to worship God by faith. Without faith we cannot please God. There is much debate on this topic. The following questions are hard to answer: 

For if we have been united with him in a death like his, we will certainly also be united with him in a resurrection like his. (Romans 6:5, NIV) 

If even one person in all of history were saved by grace from his/her just damnation, we should count that far more grace than the human race has any right to expect from God. So the fact that God has created a way (through the sacrifice of His own Son), for anyone who believes to be saved is incomprehensibly gracious. 

I'm interested in non-Calvinist viewpoints, because I believe that I understand the Calvinist one. You are correct that John 10:29 does not necessarily preclude the possibility walking away from ones own salvation. And you are also correct that one interpretation of Hebrews 6:4-6 is that believers may walk away from their salvation. 

The problem with the first one is that it implies that the default position is a belief in Christ, and that not believing in Christ is to stray from that default position - the punishment for which is damnation. But it's actually subtly different than that. The damned aren't exactly being punished for unbelief in Christ. More generally, they are being punished for sin. 

Matthew 7:18 (NIV) 18 A good tree cannot bear bad fruit, and a bad tree cannot bear good fruit. 

A common argument for the ability to walk away from one's own salvation is that we can use our free will to abandon it. This is based on the assumption that our free will remains intact once we are saved. But the Bible does not support this assumption. In fact, we are told that we don't exactly have free will to do some things: It seems clear, especially from James, that genuine saving faith is accompanied by works. Of course, since we are not saved by works, we conclude that these works are the fruit of our salvation, and not the cause of it. In other words, we are first saved by grace through our genuine saving faith, and works result. The people that John is referring to (antichrists) left of their own free will. John uses this leaving to demonstrate that they had never really belonged to the church. Even more, he says that if they had really belonged to the church, they would have remained. If people could walk away from their salvation, John would not have said this, because it would be quite possible to really belong, and then not remain. Another argument is that only this view can properly be called a "mystery." Bahnsen says that proponents of other interpretations "overlook how irrelevant, obvious, unmysterious and anticlimatic Paul's declaration would be made."10 

In defense of this position, proponents argue that the surrounding context necessitates interpreting "Israel" as the Jewish people. As C. E. B. Cranfield writes, Summary The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe can indeed be seen as a microcosm of Lewis's thought on the atonement: in it, Lewis refuses "to be bound by any one depiction of the Atonement."9 His other writing makes it clear that he does not see any need to settle on a particular theory of the atonement, considering it to be something beyond human understanding. A future large-scale conversion of Jewish people to Christianity All the Jewish people elected by God All the people of God, both Gentiles and Jews The first of these views is easily the most popular, and is widely held by premillennialists (both dispensational and classic) as well as some postmillennialists and amillenialists. The second and third views are primarily held by amillennialists. 

God cannot forgive sin without punishment or satisfaction In 1.12, Anselm argues that God cannot simply overlook this debt that mankind owes him: it would be against his nature to do so. In such a case, sin would "slip by unregulated." Anselm says that "everyone knows" that righteousness is rewarded by God (cf. Deuteronomy 5:33), and on this basis argues if sin is neither paid for nor punished, it is not subject to any law (1.12). Furthermore, he says, "nothing is more intolerable" than sin, and therefore, "nothing [...] is more unjust to tolerate than the most intolerable thing" (1.13). 

C. S. Lewis is well-known for not calling himself a theologian. Rather than seeking a systematic theological perspective, he understood the story of Christ as a "true myth." As he explains: 

That said, he is more comfortable with a "fiscal" substitutionary atonement. He writes, “If you think of it as a debt, there is plenty of point in a person who has some assets paying it on behalf of someone who has not.” He continues, however, to further develop his idea of substitutionary atonement. It incorporates some of the language of subjective models of atonement, in that one purpose of Christ's death is to make it possible for us to surrender to God. By dying, Lewis says, the God-man undergoes surrender and death, making it possible for him to instill those characteristics in us and enable us to surrender to God and die to self.2 ("Faith" is a very vast topic. Here is a short summary of what Faith is) You must do good works because you are saved, not because you want to be saved. Show your faith by your works. Our good works and obedience to God's laws should be inspired by our faith to God. Faith without action is useless and deeds without faith is also useless. Some adults might say that they have not done any serious crime but in God's standard all sins are big, for Jesus said, 

The Catholic Church believes that unbaptized infants go to Heaven. 

"Christ defeated death" After receiving the death penalty, Jesus again rose from the death to declare victory over death. The resurrection of Christ enables us to share in His resurrection. 

Hebrews 11 gives us a list of people who lived their life by faith. The way of the world, connoted as the "Highway to Hell", is an easy to choose broad way. It is so easy to find it. The way of this world is everywhere; immorality, ungodliness, waywardness etc. are all around us. In fact, you don't even have to search the "Highway to Hell" because it's all around you. If don't want to follow Jesus Christ and carry your own cross, you have already chosen to go through the Highway to Hell.