We also have several eyewitness accounts from his presidency involving Reagan denying being racist in private conversations. For instance, Carl Rowan reports of a lunch with Reagan in 1988 during which the president said: Note that party officially continued to style itself Republicans through the decade. For example, the 1835 national convention in Baltimore informed its Vice Presidential choice that: Unfortunately we can't know for certain how the nomination operated. Nonetheless, the prevailing understanding of scholars is that a dispute between the censors would be satisfactorily resolved through allotment. - Wilkinson, Sam. Republicanism during the early Roman Empire. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2012. - Furet, François. Interpreting the French Revolution. Cambridge University Press, 1981. Most of Alaska's border with Canada was inherited from Russian times. It looks straight because most of it were fixed at the 141st meridian west under the Anglo-Russian Convention of 1825. - Ryan, Francis X. Rank and Participation in the Republican Senate. Franz Steiner Verlag, 1998. Starting with the 16th election in 1928, medium sized multi member electoral districts, each returning three to five members, were instituted. The voting system remained single non-transferable vote. This setup essentially remained in effect in Japan until the last decade of the 20th century. When the nascent United States was drafting and adopting its supreme laws, some references to religions were made. For example, in the Bill of Rights: The maximum extent of de facto Nationalist control in China was achieved around 1946. This is after the Second Sino-Japanese War ended, and before the Second Chinese Civil War began in earnest. At this point, the Nationalist Government had recovered all of its pre-war territories (at the height of the Nanking Decade), and made several major additions including: Ultimately, when to date the end of the French Revolution boils down to a matter of judgement. As the respected French Revolution historian François Furet explains: There are also documents such as treaties testifying to the secular nature of the United States. King Ping moved east, implicated in patricide. Justice was not on his side, and Zhou's prestige as the national suzerain had been wiped clean ... States who supported King Ping, such as Hsu, Shen, Zhang, Jin, Qin and the Quanrong, all had their own designs. They formed an unjust coalition scorned by the eastern lords. Consequently, by moving east, Zhou's authority to rule also fell apart.