When your child is using the tactics you refer to as "moody or cranky," state very simply, "I understand you want the magazine, but you have spoiled many of my magazines and books. When you demonstrate you know how to care for them, we will talk again." Then, be a broken record. Just repeat this refrain if he grabs at the book, argues with you, asks for it again, throws a tantrum, etc. You can even repeat the refrain and add, "X behavior is not the way to get what you want." If your child's behaviors persist, offer up a consequence suitable to his behaviors. She has a great vocabulary and easily impresses adults with it, gets them talking with her and makes it very difficult to move one from one thing to the next. I can politely say, "we really have to go" ten times, but she can still manage to get them speaking with her again. Her teacher at school lets her do classroom chores like clean the board instead of the writing assignment while they engage in chit-chat. Meanwhile Alice isn't getting her work done, but the teacher figures she is so smart she gets it done quickly anyway (since writing is the hardest thing for her, the idea that she gets it done quickly is absurdly false) Her teacher is trying to change things, but still falls prey to the conversational aspect and admits it is a problem. 

Anytime she has to write anything - She hates writing and always has. I have a number of methods I use to deal with this with her at home with varying degrees of success depending on the day, but when she is at school, or with others, the result is it all winds up needing doing at home. 

Yes, there is a higher occurence of perfectionistic tendencies amongst gifted children. However, causality is not well established. It may be an intrinsic tendency, or it may arise out of the higher expectations parents and teachers have of their gifted children - my personal belief is that it probably isn't one or the other, but some combination of both. The way I dealt with it was to say, in the moment, "You have a right to think that and I understand you are frustrated. It is my job to teach you . . . " fill in the end with whatever is most appropriate for the situation . . . "to pick up your messes - so, you still need to pick up the blocks before we can get out the sand table" It is never too late to teach your kid where money comes from and what it is worth. Since he is a student, his opportunities to earn will be somewhat restricted. Here is what I would do 

Extrinsic motivation gets the behaviour you want (sitting quietly, saying please) started, especially if there's an element of "getting in trouble" associated with the wrong behaviour. Praising the behaviour you want, and modelling it yourself, is more likely to kick in the intrinsic motivation. Consider the likelihood that either parent would go outside completely naked. What stops you? It's not that you might get in trouble, right? That's what you want internalized for the kids in terms of hitting, taking, yelling, being rude, and so on. Chances are you can't have this part of the conversation until your child has been trying to live with the budget for a while and making some of the tradeoffs. And of course it will be torpedoed if he has a millionaire friend who does in fact do all of those things. Let's hope that's not the case for your child. Rather than telling the child your rules, and demanding they follow them, you're reminding the child of the impartial and universal laws of the universe (yes, I know, you set them, but there is nonetheless a difference) and you're not the one imposing consequences for breaking them, or even suggesting that it's possible to break them, or that they have a choice to break them or not. You might think these wording differences are irrelevant, but it's my experience that they are not. 

they climb so high just to see each other. (The hedge is dying and we're forced to put up a fence this year; we're contemplating making it really high.) they yell so loud that the whole neighborhood can hear them. I suspect several neighbors might be annoyed by that, and personally we don't feel that's an appropriate way to communicate. their yelling is senseless bragging or teasing, or promising to come over despite not having asked the parents first. they continue to disregard our commands to get down from there and stop yelling and they're upset when we lift them down onto the lawn and send them indoors. How would you handle this? Obviously the fence height isn't going to be a practical solution - we want to deal with this properly and personally. Unless your new material is suitable for children (and you don't mind it being torn etc.) then don't give him your things. Instead, put them away and play with him. 

I have three recommendations for you: My kids and the neighbor's kid are all in the same kindergarten group. Despite having plenty of interaction there, they seek even more contact. That's not bad in itself, of course, but it's annoying that they climb onto the top of the swing set in order to see each other over the hedge and across the street - and then they yell really loud.