At an even higher level of abstractions we can consider heuristics -- strategies suitable for broad classes of problems, which don't even specify an explicit set of rules but rather offer a kind of recipe, or more or less formal 'story' or 'theory' about the solution process. Finally, let's consider the problematic hybrid you have asked after. A proposition that's analytic a posteriori would contain the predicate within the subject (as 'triangle' contains 'three sides') but would only be justifiable based on experience. Kant thought this category was paradoxical, as he thinks you never need to resort to experience to justify analytic claims. I might suggest that Ockham's razor cuts both ways on these sorts of questions. Remember that Bostrom's own presentation of the question is a trilemma: either My understanding is that the law of identity is somewhat more technical than simply a rule for calling two things "the same"; in fact the law of identity is really an axiom, a tautological expression indicating a single object "is itself." I might suggest that human beings are generally fairly adept at navigating among these 'clouds' of meta-law around the explicit framework and the general guidelines or heuristics describing ways of using the framework to resolve questions, because we are trained to do it. Experimental or empirical knowledge as opposed to rational or pure knowledge is one way to render this. But perhaps the trick comes in seeing one from the perspective of the other; sickness from the perspective of health. Not a relativity of truth but rather a more subtle truth of relativity. Struggle versus memory, differential repetition versus direct reproduction: there are different kinds of truth, noble truths and vulgar truths; with the different ways of feeling and the different images of thought that they deserve. I would differentiate knowledge from learning. They may even almost appear opposed at first. Knowledge here as closed schema, static hierarchies, systematized distances -- pre-formatted affects, percepts, concepts. At the limit knowledge is "what everyone knows", or the common-superficial image of thinking. Whereas learning is open, dynamic, horizontal, et cetera. On the other hand, consider a similar but distinct hypothetical situation: suppose we only have access to an encyclopedia in the target language. I submit that a reasonably complete encyclopedia would come closer to answering to your terms of a "complete description" of the language, since it embeds a significant amount of context the dictionary lacks; it maps words to things, concepts, places, etc. In fact, you'll probably find that most philosophers generally don't spend a lot of time in their formal expositions worrying over these sorts of things either -- they too have more interesting fish to fry. Also, the ultimate "truth" of a scientific theory is probably the wrong criterion (and may even be besides the point.) That is to say, a theory either is or is not effective at predicting things and solving problems. But the fact that a theory lets you predict something still doesn't tell you that the theory is true -- or indeed anything at all about any underlying "reality," for that matter. Now, if we are granting that we are in someone's ancestor simulation, it is certainly possible that we may run into certain limits "hardcoded" by various parameters of the simulation -- an example might be that there could be clauses in the simulation programming designed to identify civilizations that begin to develop the ability to simulate, and take some in-simulation action based on those events (which could include just about anything up to and including triggering the termination of the simulation, etc.) I'm not sure that being in a simulated universe really poses a significant question for scientists. On my reading this is still essentially a metaphysical question. The realism-idealism debate hasn't stopped any scientists from getting to work that I know of -- meta is ultimately a distraction, at least in the last instance, and engineers and scientists have things to build and problems to solve (not years to worry about whether we're in a simulated universe or not and how you'd even know the difference.) Socrates continually admonished his interlocutors to become more introspective, arguing passionately for self-examination: In passing, I am reminded of Deleuze at the beginning of Difference and Repetition, who talks about the two ways of overturning the law: either with irony, by challenging the law as itself secondary or derived; or on the other hand, through humor -- by offering submission in a "too perfect" way so that you effectively evade it. From there: