The differences in chains are highlighted on their product pages, usually some of the metals used on some of the plates or a bit of weight. They may also shape the plates slightly differently to aide shifting performance. SRAM recommends the PC 1091 or PC 1091R for Red group use, but you can use the others as well. You've exceeded the manufacturer's recommendation on saddle positioning -- the clamp is supposed to clamp on the saddle between the stop lines. So, the saddle should be moved back. Many people exceed these recommendations, but its at your own risk. I'd be less inclined to do it on a lightweight or fancy saddle. More sprockets is not necessarily going to make you go faster/easier - changing gear appropriately and becoming more physically fit will (along with better selected sprockets sizes - we went ages before the Gillette razor-blade increase in rear sprockets...). Most of the more sprocket drive trains are driven by hype. 

It looks cool among a certain crowd. Not really an answer to the question: Since rain, snow and grit do tend to damage drivetrain, you may just want to use an old cheap rigid mountain bike (e.g. 80s-90s Specialized Hardrock/Rockhopper, etc.). Great tire clearance, very stable, cheap to replace parts on, discrete (so they don't attract attention in the bike rack), etc. You may need better choices of sprockets, but certainly, with a 2 x 7 setup, you have enough choices that it should be fine (for example, if you were touring, a 11 cog in the rear would be useless - you'd want a range of larger cogs so you could move the stuff you're lugging around). A 24 speed would need a 3 x 8 setup which means new crankset, new front derailleur, possibly new bottom bracket, new cassette and new shifters (these are the real killer if you want brifters; bar ends or downtube or friction shifters somewhere are cheaper) assuming you could get the chainline and what not right (the RD will be fine if you stay shimano). At this point, with a cheap bike like the Mirage S (400 dollars), you're better off just replacing the whole bike, since parts and labor will cost more than the bike is worth/costs (you will also need some tools you might not have, like a crank puller and cassette tool and cable cutters and what not). Generally the differences are minor if existing other than a bit of weight in the cassettes and chains, but manufacturers suppose that people who buy expensive parts in the beginning will replace them with just as expensive parts further down the line (see the "looks cool" point above). 

Seatposts/saddles: Probably interchangable 

Tires: Mountain tires are typically fatter than road tires. A good look on the problems with fit and why its left to the pros at your LBS is http://sheldonbrown.com/frame-sizing.html Long answer: What you need is a bike fit (which can be done at most bike shops). Proper bike fitting makes your power delivery good and avoids potential injuries / pain. The handlebars, brake hoods, stem length, saddle height, saddle width, possibly cranks (though unlikely unless you're on the extreme side of heights),etc. will be adjusted based on your proportions (primarily your inseam as well as your reach) provided the bike can be fit to you. This is highly dependent as well on your riding style (racers don't ride the same way people going on cross country tours do, typically) and feel. Height and inseam are not sufficient (hence why they publish a ton of measurements per bike). I personally prefer a larger size than most people with my height (though I have longer arms + inseam than most people of my height)... See the links below for more details. The most common mistake people make is putting the seat too low (which correspondingly screws up everything else), but you really should start with a bike fit (or if this isn't possible due to financial constraints or something, surveying videos on youtube or something (but I will not link any, since this should be done with a LBS, and test rides)). As the KOPS link below shows, these systems aren't used as an exact science, so the experience of the fitter helps a lot in getting a good fit (the numbers plugged into formulas aren't everything), and it may take a few tries to get something that really works for you.