I can't seem to find information about economists, or others, warning about the overheated stock market of the 1920s in the US that would culminate in the stock market crashing on Black Thursday, October 24th, 1929, and Black Tuesday, October 29th, 1929. I keep seeing general statements that "prudent experts" warned about the overheated stock market, but that is it. 

This timeline from the Washington Post says that the United States Department of Agriculture issued its first food guidelines in 1916 for children, and then did one in 1920 for adults. My question is, what were the surrounding conditions that led to the federal government deciding it need to tell people what to eat? 

Another important Constitutional concept to keep in mind is that you have a "freedom of association" right which limits what the states and the federal government can do with respect to primary elections. See First Amendment to the Constitution. 

To quote these two professors from the US Naval War College: 

Your question would be better phrased as "how have the states historically asserted their powers over political parties in the election context?" The answer to this goes hand in hand with the development of the party system in the US. 

3) Can the parties do anything about it? 

The history tells us that the states really started to become heavily involved in the political primary process out of a concern with corruption. At that point in time the political parties were firmly entrenched across the country, so they had become de facto components of the election system, and the states had no choice but to regulate them. 

Martin Luther King, Jr. for his opposition. 

If you could provide paper names, or books, published prior to those dates that would be great. If it has to be a post-event book, or paper, it needs to be one that provides the names who warned against the possibility of a crash. 

It would be extraordinarily difficult to dive into the ways in which each state regulated elections at the beginning of the country, so instead I'll look at how presidential elections have been governed first. 

It was the beginning of the 1890s that the states really began to get involved in the party system when they passed laws stating that the primary elections be paid for with public funds. These first sets of primary laws were often not generally applicable statewide, but that started to change between 1901-1904 as Minnesota, Mississippi, Wisconsin, and Orgeon passed laws regulating the conduct of all elections in their state. I highly recommend reading the following source already cited Primary elections; a study of the history and tendencies of primary election legislation writen by Charles E. Merriam in 1908. 

The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was the non-aggression pact between the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany prior to, and during WWII. It seems that the actions of the two countries after the invasion of Poland would confirm suspicions that they were working in concert in some fashion, but that doesn't mean that the specific secret agreements were known to the Allied powers. 

It appears that the first primary election law was passed in California in 1866, and dealt with ensuring the integrity of the primary elections there. New York also passed a similar law in 1866. Subsequently in 1871, Ohio and Pennsylvania passed their own laws. These initial laws were concerned with the question of corruption, and tried to instill voter confidence in the party system.