There was a very interesting NPR story on women in North Korea last week. They originally had your typical male-dominated society. So back then the official government-sanctioned jobs were effectively reserved for men, with women left to scratch out a living essentially on the (free) black market. 

Due to this reality, the country adopted a policy of not doing anything whatsoever that might prod the USSR in that direction. They signed a self-defense pact with the USSR, separate from the Warsaw Pact, and on occasion felt it advisable to carry out the same policies that the Warsaw Pact did (including not participating in the Marshall Plan). Their foriegn policy was made essentially the same as the rest of the Soviet Bloc, and they kept their government structured in ways that didn't offend Soviet sensibilities. They would even censor their local media according to Soviet complaints, ultimately banning thousands of books and many American movies. 

For the most part, you would be talking about what is referred to as vernacular architecture. This was pretty much enforced until the last couple of generations, as "architect" is a licenced profession in the USA, and African Americans (and women) had trouble getting themseleves licenced. Paul Williams became the first in 1923, although census results in 1890 showed 43 African Americans making their living that way. 

Another view (for as long as the link lasts) 

That's double what her husband would earn in an entire month, were he to get paid. 

So the problems that those programs were invented to solve went away, and thus there was no need for the programs anymore. 

Somewhere along the line (the famine of the 90's you mentioned figures prominently), the government-sanctioned jobs quit paying much, if at all. To keep up the semblance of an economy the government required people with jobs to keep working at them. If you are a man and quit going to your "job", you go to jail. 

Full text of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, 1974-1975 by Shannon Rae Butler on the Internet Archive. 

Alternatively, you could depart from New York, West 23rd St, at 10:00, and arrive at Water Gap at 12:13, on the "Lackawanna Limited". That's an impressive journey time of just 2 hours 13 minutes! 

Scouting for Boys was originally published as a six-part series in 1908, and contained activities and programmes intended for use by existing youth organisations. It was an immediate success, but it seems that Baden-Powell had no intention of setting up a separate and distinct movement at that point. 

As far as I could see, education was also excellent - provided, of course that you were white. Education for other groups was less great, as you can probably imagine. However, I played rugby against school teams from other parts of the country and the facilities at all the schools (for white kids) we visited seemed to be uniformly very good. 

My experience was that the state of the infrastructure was comparable to that in the UK at that time (in some ways it was better, given the strikes that impacted services in the UK in the mid 1970s). Metalled roads were kept in good repair, and even dirt-roads were maintained to a standard that allowed a normal family saloon to use them without risk (with the possible exception of the rainy season in some parts of the country!). 

The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) 

When Baden Powell re-wrote his manual and published it as Scouting for Boys he fundamentally changed its ethos. He left out many of the military aspects and applied the techniques to other, non-military, heroes of the day like explorers and backwoodsmen. He also added the Scout Method which was an innovative, informal educational system intended to develop good character. 

But perhaps black South Africans would have a different perspective ... 

Back in the UK, the newspapers, had followed the progress of the Siege of Mafeking. When the siege was broken, Baden-Powell became a national hero. On the back of this, people bought the small manual, Aids to Scouting, he had written some years earlier about military scouting and wilderness survival. This fuelled public interest in the subject of scouting. 

Initially, many groups made dual registrations with the Boy's Brigade and the Boy Scouts Association. This capitalised on the existing infrastructure and fuelled the rapid growth of the Scout movement. 

[One of the reasons that national mints introduced mint-marks on bullion from about the eighteenth century was to assure its quality and so eliminate the heed for such testing]. 

My father worked in Lesotho from 1975 until the mid 1980s. I attended a boarding school in Bloemfontein in the Orange Free State from 1975 - 1977 (after which I transferred back to a boarding school in the UK. I returned to Lesotho for the holidays, and between 1975 and 1979 I visited all of the provinces of South Africa. So here are my observations, for what they are worth. 

I returned to the UK permanently in 1979, so I have only anecdotal evidence of what happened since, but friends do say that things have got a lot worse, so it's possible that your vlogger is right. 

It is not hard to see that many girls, having read Scouting for Boys, would prefer to follow their brothers into scouting, and this is exactly what happened at the first Scout Rally in 1909. 

If a more accurate assessment was required, a Fire Assay may have been carried out on a sample from one or more of the ingots. This technique is destructive, but has been available since the sixteenth century (a version is mentioned in Agricola's De Re Metallica). I would very much doubt that a Fire Assay could have been carried out at the port though (unless specialist facilities were available there expressly for that purpose).