3) We are social story-driven beings, so we impose stories on things. That includes ideologies. This is not waste. It is the primary way our minds grasp reality. Resisting power is not a way to be powerful, it is a way to be dead. But it is also reflexive not to allow yourself to be limited unnecessarily. Resisting natural resistance is defying nature -- so don't. On the other hand, we are in a period where domination is the primary expression of power, so we do stupid things to display domination and independence. But that is a lack of perspective created by the shape of our stories, and partly by the fact that our power-focusing institutions have been spread by war, and are all shaped in a warrior mode. It is not something humans naturally do too much. 

It seems to me that we know that the real problem hinges somehow on the strength of induction supporting recursion. Induction reduced to just the infinite set of axioms that remain first-order does not net you a proof. You get Presburger arithmetic, which is not strong enough to fail, unless you step outside of the system and pre-compute various facts of multiplication that one ordinarily deduces through complete induction over addition. 

...If you continue to compare, you find formal or at least formalizable logic in India, including a Buddhist theory of syllogisms, which looks not un-Aristotelian, except that it has an existential qualifier. You find elaborate lists of fallacies and discussions of modes of sound and unsound argument, including Indian analyses of the types and validity of evidence. It is possible that Sankara, the ancient Indian [approx. 600 A.D.], depending in this school of Mimamsa [today called Vedanta], has a view of evidence like that of Karl Popper, namely, that no hypothesis can, in the positive sense, be proved true, but can only be shown to have successfully resisted that attacks leveled on it. Incidently, one branch of Mimamsa (that led by Prabhakara) teaches a Kant-like morality, for it contends that religious precepts should be carried out, not for possible reward or punishment, which are morally irrelevant, but for the sheer consciousness of duty performed. Furthermore, in Indian and Islamic philosophy, matter, time, and space are atomized, in both familiar and unfamiliar ways, while the Chinese, we are told, unify the world by means of quasi-field theories. The European problem of causality, which will be compared with the Islamic, receives a hundred Indian and a few Chinese forms, reminiscent, respectively, of the Epicurean, Stoic, Neoplatonic, Humean, Kantian, and Hegelian forms. Bertrand Russell appears to be anticipated and answered. The great Scholastic debaters Nominalism and Realism have their peers. Briefly, there is a wealth of thought and experience concentrated in philosophical abstractions. 

When that is criticised deeply enough they back off to claiming that science is not an attempt to explain, but only to predict, because then success would be all that matters. Yet we use it to explain. We do not simply amass data that we then draw correlations out of, we make models and presume that relatively few verifications of the model make it reliable, just because the model itself has an intrinsic mathematical structure. 

The people we think of as nihilists in the West are often people attempting to integrate themes from longstanding Eastern traditions. To my mind the late Eleatics are attempting to integrate the Hindu notion of reality as deception. The Empiricists are actually not leaning toward science, but elements of Taoism and a form of Buddhist detachment. Even Plato's seemingly highly original notion of anamnesis is a refined form of something already considered obvious in traditions that presume reincarnation. 

Another cause arises from how knowledge of the East first arose in the modern age and how it is studied today. The first scholars that studied the Eastern philosophies were blatant Christian apologists. In the 19th century they were called Orientalists. Their funding came from the European governments, primarily English. Their studies were grounded in the concept of 'White Man's burden' and the superiority of Westerners, both biologically and culturally, and used as a justification for English rule over the English empire. Today's world is just an extension of that. We now have American carrier groups purveying the waters around China. What would be the cry of the Western governments if China had carrier groups cutting through the Mediterranean or the English channel? Is this not just a modern version of White man's burden? 

I am editing/adding to my answer from over a year ago as I came across an interesting comment in a book just started. The book is Philosophy East/Philosophy West: A Critical Comparison of Indian, Chinese, Islamic, and European Philosophy by Ben-Ami Scharfstein, Ilai Alon, Shlomo Biderman, Dan Daor, and Yoel Hoffman (1978). In the Introduction they write: