I don't believe that Descartes answered this particular question, but if I had to answer for him I might argue the following: The form which inheres in the mind. (See: IV Sententia d. 49, q. 2, a. 1.) This first response is kind of trivial, because not all continuities are adequate for the tasks at hand. A magnetic field, for example, most likely lacks the necessary articulation which would be required to serve as a information medium. Putnam's second argument is more interesting: However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: Aristotle's own view seems to be much in agreement with that of Anaxagoras. He describes the unmixed purity of the mind while emphasizing its essentially active nature. Along with this active factor, he also attributes to the mind a passive factor which he refers to as its "matter" (ὕλη). Just as a piece of warm wax can take on the shape of other objects, the mind has the capacity to take on the forms of objects in its activity of thinking and perception: Thomas Aquinas was strongly influenced by Aristotle, and the influence of Augustine is evident in his work as well. Aquinas continues with Aristotle's idea of the mind taking on the forms of physical objects. In Aquinas' account, the idea of forms is used in three different senses: In response to your questions: In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: See P.A. Brunt, Studies in Stoicism (2013), page 455: The argument above licenses the: (3) The kind of colour and degree of refractability that any particular sort of ray has can’t be changed by refraction, or by reflection from natural bodies, or by any other cause that I have so far found. In other words, either the mind actually has a non-algorithmic and not fully “mechanizable” nature, or else there exist absolutely undecidable mathematical problems. But [Gödel's Theorems] don’t allow us to go further and conclude that the true disjunct is the first one. According to Gödel, then, what follows from [them], and especially from [the Second one], is that if our mind is a computing machine, it is one such that it “is unable to understand completely its own functioning.” The Essays remain an exceptional historical testimony of the progress of privacy and individualism, a blossoming of subjectivity, an attainment of personal maturity that will be copied, but maybe never matched since. It seems that Montaigne, who dedicated himself to freedom of the mind and peacefulness of the soul, did not have any other aim through writing than cultivating and educating himself. Since philosophy had failed to determine a secure path towards happiness, he committed each individual to do so in his own way. 4) ¬ (Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought)) ∨ ¬ (Body(x) & Possess(x,Thought)). Up to now, we have only a "syntactical" result, about provability in a (suitable) formal system. Assume F ⊢ G; then ProvF(⌈G⌉) and, by the condition F ⊢ G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), we have that G is false. Then, by soundness of F (i.e. F proves only true sentences) : F ⊬ G, contradicting our assumption that F ⊢ G. Thus, by propositional logic : F ⊬ G. This could apply to functionalism, one of the traditional tenets of which is that dispositions to behavior are encoded in actual brain states. (It is possible that forms of functionalism can be characterized without reference to brain states, but I do not know of anyone who has actually suggested this). That is to suggest there are actual states in the brain which encode or contain 'in' them an infinite number of possible behavioral outputs. This is the same basic error as thinking of rules as mysteriously 'containing' their instances. Naturally, Wittgenstein does not himself mention functionalism, which originated after his death. Hilary Putnam, more influenced by logical positivism than the later Wittgenstein, was its chief advocate, though he himself later abandoned it. Kripke is discussing section 193 of Philosophical Investigations, where Wittgenstein draws a distinction between a machine as an idealized symbol of a rule-following or law-governed mechanism, and a machine as a real object whose behaviours and operations are subject to failure. Wittgenstein here was particularly concerned with trying to shed light on the concept of rule-following, the idea that following a rule means we somehow grasp all the infinite instances of behavior that could be thought to be in accord with the rule. He was saying that the instances are not mysteriously contained 'in' the rule, but rather the idea of a rule is an idealization and to be understood as more like a general ability represented by specific behaviors than an infinite number of possible occurrences.