The key sentence there for me is that the Scrum Team (especially the Product Owner) develops and confirms the DoD. It is an agreed standard prior to the Sprint work commencing. 

If that is 0 stories then it is 0 stories. I have seen this situation in enterprise organisations occur and I have seen Scrum Masters stick to their principles and allow the situation to escalate. It really depends on the environment you are working in and how Scrum is perceived. 

What metrics should they be interested in? Again, this is subjective but the bare minimum should 

So ask the team how they think they should be structured. In summary, you shouldn't assign work but encourage the team to pull from the backlog in a considered manner. 

Non-commitment will not be tolerated. Edit to Add The Scrum Alliance have a handy chart for ensuring that the Definition of Done is simple, transparent and consistent. Please note the two boxes stating Traditionally for a two-week Sprint it would be 

Are you working for a Government company that must demonstrate value to the tax payer? (if so metrics are likely to be audited) Are you working for a public-listed company that must demonstrate value to the shareholder and display fiduciary responsibility? (as above) Are you working on a project that sits within a Programme that sits within a Portfolio? (It is likely the Portfolio Manager must report the metrics in aggregrate to Directors) Is your project funded from a centralised budget that must compete with other projects for continued funding? (Metrics then become a yardstick for further funding and are likley to be gamed) Does your project report to a Steering Committee? (Metrics will be a quick fire way of showing progress to dozens of customers) Does the Sponsor understand Scrum and business value or do they come from a different background? (Accountants promoted to Directors like metrics) Is your project liable for audit from internal or external sources? (Metrics will be requested) Does your project fall under PMO for any kind of governance or oversight? (Metrics are one pillar of governance) Does your company have Agile Coaches who provide support and advise on feature team maturity? (Metrics are used as a temperature check across the company of Agile maturity) Do you, or the team, or the department have a track record of failure with low business value? (Metrics are an early warning system) Do you work in manufacturing? (Metrics are critical to production flow) I can list dozens more considerations that help determine a mature response to whether your metrics should be reviewed by management. 

My limited assessment is that you are discussing a single backlog of work which should be divided into Themes, Epics and User Stories. Effective short term, effective long term. 

I don't fear delivering metrics to any level of the organisation because it gives me a chance to evangelize the Agile values and re-focus management to concentrate on the metrics that truly matter and explain why they matter. Your job is to advocate the system you are implementing. 

Personal Approaches As an aside I thought it would be helpful to illustrate how I control this issue as the Scrum Master. For instance, our department handle Front End Business Warehouse and Business Objects Development and the Product Owner can speak on behalf of the Business. This can be actively managed through some enterprising Kanban and a normal Scrum delivery team method. Some agile coaches struggle with the concept that an organisation can have a single Scrum Team delivering the business change from a portfolio of programmes with multiple projects all with their own 'backlog'. Sometimes Agile methods need adapted regardless of the guidelines. I humbly suggest the following solution. 

It is always easy to blame the management process rather than do a root cause analysis; in my experience most managers have sound reasoning for the reports and processes they request. Also, in the future if you need to scale up or challenge planning estimates and you don't have logs supporting your business case then expect the resources to go to a department head who can enforce logging.