There were no 20k users involved in the deletion of it, it was deleted by a member of the community team. I suggest downvoting and/or commenting on it, not flagging as "Not An Answer". On the third day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap On the tenth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap 

Should diamond moderators spend time in review? Of course, they should, if they have time to do so. Why wouldn't they? 

Do we want to reward a person who posted one answer and then never came back? As far as answering on Meta, I do tend to answer more questions there, mainly because we get a lot of questions about moderator actions, and about the site in general. I'll answer based on my perspective as a mod, or based on my experience as a user of the site. On the ninth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap As a moderator, I am also expected to spend time handling flags, and performing other janitorial duties which does take away from my ability to answer questions. Considering I have a full-time job, a family, and I like to spend time away from my computer (I know it's shocking), it can be a bit of a juggling act being a moderator on a site as big as SO. I've got to pick and choose what I'm going to tackle on the site, I could spend hours moderating the site. 

The typical line is that moderators should be involved in things that the community can't handle - that applies to flagging, user problems, etc. - review queues are open to everyone with the privilege including diamond mods. On the eleventh day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Eleven Chuck Yeagers, Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap 

what's the worst-case that could happen? I doubt a user who posted a one good answer and is no longer active is really going to care about receiving a badge. In this case, we had one moderator who let us know they could no longer be active as a moderator. The SO flag queue has been hovering near the 2k mark, so I decided that we should ask two people to step up. Both of the newest mods were contacted to see if they were still interested in stepping up before being diamonded. We'd never just diamond folks who were runners up without asking if they still want to help. On the eighth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap I am sorry but this badge would be pointless. I'm a moderator on Stack Overflow and for me, it's a combination of things. I've been around long enough on Stack Overflow, that I tend to be picky in the questions that I answer. If I see something that's interesting, I'll spend time writing up a decent answer, typically with tested, code, etc - these typically take time to write. Lately these questions are few and far between so I don't spend as much time answering and more time moderating. 

In a minority of the evaluations I've participated in, the evaluation has prompted some useful discussion -- maybe as meta posts directly on the evaluation post, or more likely as other meta posts (is this really within our scope? how can we improve that pattern in answers? are these the right tags? etc) or in chat. People can do that any time, of course, and often do, but sometimes the evaluation kick-starts it. That's good -- but it's also a minority of the cases. Most of the time it's as you say -- a few people try to do the review, maybe getting hung up on the requirements ("how does this fare in Google?" always hinders me), but mostly a stats post gets made and people don't really discuss it. 

One might point out that on graduated sites moderators are also elected "for life" (unless they mess up badly or step down), but there are two important differences. First, on a graduated site there was an established community at the time of the election and that community chose its moderators. That might have been years ago and the community make-up might have changed, but there was some established community making the decision. Second and perhaps more important, beta sites by their nature change over time, and what a community needed on the first day of public beta might not be what it needs three years later. I've been an active participant on several betas, a pro-tem mod on an established one (appointed about two years in), and a pro-tem mod on a brand-new beta. They're different.