Did Jackson make any other statements on the shape of the earth? I know that Jackson had little formal education, but it's still shocking that a head of state in the 19th century would doubt that the world was round. Is it possible to confirm whether Jackson was a flat-earther? I see several ways to approach this question, though there may be others. And from the other side, the anti-federalist Brutus papers: By 1832 I think the national party was calling itself the Democratic Party, as were most pro-Jackson state parties (at least in the North and Mid-Atlantic states), but I don’t know when and where this renaming occurred. I want to know who formally named the party and when for two reasons: How important was the Second Battle of Fort Bowyer? The Mobile area was the only territory that changed ownership due to the War of 1812. Because it was Spanish-owned, Mobile was not covered in the Treaty of Ghent. It's possible that if the British force had been able to take Mobile before news from Ghent arrived, then the Americans would not have acquired Mobile until later in their history. Mobile would became the second largest cotton-exporting port in the United States, so a long-term consequence of the acquisition of Mobile was the intensification of slave agriculture in the deep South. Around 67.8% of enlisted soliders were between the ages of 20-39. To estimate soldiers' age distribution, I downloaded data from the study "Union Army Recruits in White Regiments in the United States, 1861-1865" by Robert Fogel, Stanley Engerman, Clayne Pope, and Larry Wimmer. Also, Johnson seemed like a good choice on paper. He was experienced: Missouri and Iowa's borders depended on a line drawn from "the rapids of the River Des Moines", there are a lot of rapids on the Des Moines River, or "the Des Moines rapids" on the Mississippi River depending on who you asked. The difference was a 30 mile strip of land running the length of the Missouri/Iowa border. Midway made three important (I won't say major) contributions to the battle. The first was to be a known target. The second was scouting. The third was to be a distraction at just the right moment. The actual combat performance of Midway's aircraft had only a minor contribution. The argument against is based on the idea that the Constitution is a document between the people and the Federal government, the states are not a party. This relies on the preamble which says "We the People" not "We the States". Japan imported most of its oil from conquered territories, primarily the Dutch East Indies (aka Indonesia) but also smaller amounts came from Formosa (Taiwan), China, and Burma. Many of these plants and fields were damaged by their defenders and it took years to get them back to near full production. Japan also had a concession from the USSR to mine on Sakhalin Island which continued to be honored, though the amount of oil was very small. But it never was enough. Without US oil, their imports were slashed in half. WWII also saw the widespread adoption of submachine guns like the German MP 40 and the US M1 Thompson and M3 Grease Gun. Submachine guns, by definition, fire pistol caliber rounds: 9x19mm for the Germans, .45 ACP for the US. These operate at a significantly reduced pressure about 250 MPa for 9mm and a mere 140 MPa for .45; .45 ACP is a slow, heavy round and the more energetic and flatter firing 9mm is nearly ubiquitous now. Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack And it is further ordered that pillars or posts, of stone or of cast-iron, shall be planted at every ten miles in the line extending east, from the northwest corner aforesaid to the Des Moines River, and also at the end of every ten miles on the due west line, extending to the Missouri River from said corner. These latter line posts to be of such description as the commissioners may adopt, or as the parties to this suit, acting jointly, may direct the commissioners to use, except that said line-posts shall be of stone or iron. I don't want to get into a whole economic thesis here, the point is one of the ways you can fight deflation and economic depression is to literally print more money. But at the time the US, and most other countries, were on the Gold Standard. That meant every dollar was backed by a certain amount of gold. Not 100%, but enough that it would retain some value. Stamping and bending a cold sheet of steel stresses the metal at those bends. This produces weak spots that could bend and crack under repeated firing or hard handling or the rapid heating and cooling of being taken in and out of a nice heated building or vehicle in winter. Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack Compact Theory was ultimately shot down by the Supreme Court long before the Civil War. Chisholm v. Georgia (1793) upheld that Federal courts could hear disputes between states (immediately voided by the 11th amendment). Martin v. Hunter's Lessee (1816) ruled that states did not have the power to re-interpret Federal treaties. McCulloch v. Maryland (1819) upheld Federal authority to create a bank. All rejected arguments based on Compact Theory, but its use as a justification for nullification and secession persisted. (Sorry, I can't find a legally reusable image, go to their site) Finally, the Japanese would be "sucked in" to defend any major Allied invasion. The Allies were actively seeking this confrontation to remove the last major Japanese threat to their naval superiority. Prior to the invasion of the Philippines, the US Navy attacked Japanese air bases on Formosa so they could not be used to reinforce the Philippines. They provoked Japanese attacks, going so far as to use a crippled US ships as bait for the Japanese navy. Regardless of where they invaded, the US would continue these raids to further drain Japan's strategic capabilities.