Summary: Scarcity creates an upward pressure on labor compensation. In the absence of a skillfully managed monetary policy, that upward pressure will cause a rise in overall prices (inflation). There are a few assumptions here that, in my opinion, muddy the waters. Reality is a bit more complex. 

3) Read Ken Follet's historical novels. Huge generalization, but your best bet is to apprentice with someone local and then be sent off to another master for journeyman training. 

@EvanM's answer is excellent and superior to this one. 

Another example is going to be very common; a soldier is wounded and unconscious, but awakens before the dead are buried. This is not an example of "faking death", but fits some of OP's requirements. 

OP may be asking for a situation where someone does more than lie doggo, but employs active deception, perhaps coating oneself with blood from another wound. I don't have any sources to mind. 

Bailey, Mark. A Marginal Economy?: East Anglian Breckland in the Later Middle Ages. Cambridge University Press, 1989. 

The other problem is that the list of Edward I's children is disputed. Six survived their childhood and four sons died young, but the number of daughters is uncertain. Most of them were not buried within Westminster: A second Joan was buried in Clare, Margaret the Duchess of Brabant at the Cathedral of St. Michael and St. Gudula in Brussels, Mary of Woodstock in Amesbury Abbey, Elizabeth of Rhuddlan in Waltham Abbey, as well as Edward II in Gloucester Cathedral. Stell, Geoffrey. "Architecture and Society in Easter Ross before 1707." JR Baldwin, Firthlands of Ross and Sutherland (1986): 98-132. Williams, Alan R. The Knight and the Blast Furnace: A History of the Metallurgy of Armour in the Middle Ages & the Early Modern Period. Brill, 2003. As far as we can tell, Medieval French families were significantly bigger than modern western families - averaging perhaps around five to six. In contrast, modern France has an average household size of 2.38. However, they remained relatively small scale, and somewhat nuclear families of mostly two generations. Note the standard disclaimers apply: pre-modern demographic statistics are extremely patchy, and often must be interpreted with laborious reconstructions.