You have pages and pages and pages of deleted posts, many of which have been downvoted. Those downvotes count against you. You also have a history of asking the exact same question several times an hour apart until you get an answer. This is blatant abuse of the system. Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. That means that 6 of your previous flags were deemed helpful to moderators. You don't flag things as helpful yourself, you flag things that need moderator's attention. The helpful/unhelpful designation is how moderators give you feedback on the quality of your flags. In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted. TL;DR: So I am basically asking for some "official" info on this: If a tag with the same name as a previously removed tag is created again, does it automatically has the original tag-info? I will just add a few comments on various formats of the link to an answer: On instance of this I remember is (algebra) tag on math.SE. This tag is currently blacklisted. However, before the blacklisting it was removed and created again. I searched a bit and found this answer which says that a deleted room should be visible to "moderators, room owners, and users with at least 10k network reputation". But when I look at the room info, the user in question is listed there as the only room owner. In other words: Are there also some situations other than blacklisted phrases when single flag suffices for deletion? Are comments sometimes deleted simply after deletion of another comment, without any intervention from another user, owner of the comment or moderator? I wonder if the room is considered inactive if there are messages in the room posted from feeds (not from users). This was done as an experiment in comments below this question: The OP described the situation (the way they see it) in these two comments as follows: So now I am not really sure whether the information provided in the linked answer is exactly correct. (Still I have decided to tag this support rather than bug, since it is quite probable that there are some other rules about this I am unaware of.) Yes, the extra abilities were nice. I wish I were granted the ability to delete spam accounts on every site that I visit. I received some free stickers and a free t-shirt out of the deal. Oh, and Jeff occasionally returned my emails. The Stack Overflow related ones. He still ignored the random ones. :( Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted.