If you take her, talk about what's happening, comfort her and be prepared to answer her questions. In my opinion and experience there is nothing about death that a child can't handle if explained properly and in an age-appropriate way. As you said yourself - death is part of life. You might have to explain why you or other family members are crying, why the body / the casket is here when you told her that Granddad is in heaven etc., but I think you can handle it. 

Step 1: See a dentist, have cavities treated asap. Yes, these teeth will fall out, but until then, they act as placeholders for the permanent teeth. There are also sources that claim the deciduous teeth are important for the development of the permanent teeth. (Which will start to appear at around five to seven, that's quite different between kids.) And frankly, untreated your daughter is in for a lot of pain if you don't act now. If the teeth are in really bad shape, a good dentist might suggest sedating her to treat the cavities. While this sounds extreme, it may be a good choice, because conciously having multiple teeth treated is no picknick for a 3.5 year old. Ask around for recommendations, you want a dentist that is good, patient and gentle with children and takes his time, not just one that does a good job with the teeth alone. 

Would the presence of the child disrupt the event? Is the child likely to be a distraction for other participants, cause too much commotion or misbehave beyond an acceptable degree? Or would other relatives find her presence comforting? 

In my - admittedly very personal - experience, neither science nor religion alone is sufficient for a well-rounded education and upbringing of a child. 

Basically a fireworks of impressions without any chance to influence what is happening. A child in front of TV will absorb a flood of pictures, sounds etc. in a quick succession. Yes, there is a story and yes, often something to learn, but there is no break, no time to reflect and no chance to influence the speed of the presentation or ask questions. 

1 I witnessed someone do this once when I was a child myself and still remember the other child's confusion and fear. 

You know the inner dynamics of your family, your state of mind, the tone of the upcoming event and your child much better that we do. So decide for yourself. (Don't forget the books, toys etc. to keep her from being bored if you take her.) 

Good schools/educators try to incorporate as many sensory channels and as many different ways to teach as possible. In my child's primary school letters and numbers are taught by having the children walk the pattern, draw them into sand, form them out of clay or pipe cleaners and only finally writing them. For something as simple as a '5'. 

Your children are still small, so you have plenty of time to work with their natural curiosity: They will observe many things that lead to scientific explanations. The dualism of religious teachings (e.g. how the world was created) vs. scientific observations (as most observant kindergardeners will notice at some point - there are no dinosaurs in the scriptures...) will spark many interesting discussions in your future, but so will questions on friendship, loyalty and first love that may lend themselves to referring back to the teachings of whatever religion you belong to. 

Step 2: Start brushing teeth as recommended: At least twice a day using toothpaste with appropriate fluoride content and as per recommended technique. Your dentist or the Internet can guide you. Brushing teeth is the parent's responsibility until the child's dexterity is quite good. Until then, let the child brush first to practise, then finish. Rule of thumb: by the age of seven or eight, they should be ready. A 3.5 year old can't manage this. 

And if you need more inspiration, watch the kids in this video - playing in a forest kindergarten. 

--- Disclaimer: Some might feel this answer to be hard to digest. --- 

Work with these occasions, conduct age-appropriate scientific experiments and encourage their natural curiosity. Then trust in their ability to find the balance between religion and science that works for them. You sound like an excellent role-model. 

For a funeral, basically the same rules as for other social events apply. So answer the following questions and decide accordingly: 

Yet, science serves a better purpose in understanding the mechanisms of the world around us - if I want to explain how water freezes to ice or evaporates or why a light bulb emits light, I choose scientific fact without batting an eye. 

Religion is one cornerstone of our societies (different countries and religions, but the same principles apply). Even if you personally choose not to believe, the base values and teachings can be found in many aspects of life, from manners via morals to law. Religion may serve as moral compass and give (perceived?) additional value to an individual's life. A sense of community, connection and acceptance is often (albeit not exclusively) found in groups with a religious background. 

Step 3: Visit the dentist regularly, typically twice a year. This not only prevents fear in the child, but ensures small starting cavities can be treated before they become problematic. A good dentist will also help you with proper technique, because he sees the spots you might be missing when brushing her teeth. Going to the dentist only if you are in pain might establish a bad pattern for life. 

Have you ever thought about what is happening in your kid's brains while they are watching TV? I mean, from a neuroscientistic perspective?