The only situation where "keeping watch" might be sensible is if you're very worried about SIDS. The problem is that "sudden" really means "science has no idea what causes this and there seem to be no symptoms", so nobody can say if this child is more/less at risk. For parents that are worried specifically about SIDS there are products like Angel Care but mostly you've just got to accept that you can't prevent some things. Also, as KennyPeanuts points out, SIDS is very rare and often misunderstood to include suffocation from objects (teddys, pillows, blankets) so be sure to have a safe crib those first few months. Yes and no: yes an infant cries in several distinct ways to tell you what's wrong, yes the phenomenon ends after some months, no I don't think those 5 "words" (as per your Wikipedia link) are international or even noticeable. Just choose what you like best and stick with that. I would choose the n'th of the month and say my birthday is on the 18th, because that's the easiest for everybody. In the beginning, newborns can't make any sense at all of what they're seeing. They have no depth perception so everything is two-dimensional, and they only really perceive things that are very close to their face. They also are also much better at seeing dark/light contrasts than colors (ThinkGeek.com used to sell a high-contrast mobile). Counting weeks is only relevant for infants, when you see the pediatrician. He'll know anyway, so don't bother about that. Once the child is 8 weeks old, switch to counting months. Once he's 24 months old, switch to counting (half) years. Other parents tell me the same; newborns do cry in different and distinct ways. But at the same time, I've not heard any pattern that is recognisable from one child to the next, so you will have to get familiar with the different cries your baby makes. The only exception is if your birthday is February 29th. Then you need to know that the 29th is not actually the leap day, the 25th is! So in non-leap years your birthday is Feb 28th, not March 1st. If your birthday is on the actual leap day (25th) then I guess the 26th will do as birthday in non-leap years. I accidentally tugged on the umbilical stump of my newborn baby while changing his diaper, and now he's crying and it's bleeding a little. Have I hurt my baby? So at least I can confirm from my own experience that Dunstan is right about two things: the baby can communicate distinctly, and these distinctions wear off over time. I wish my son would keep up the distinctions because we've wondered many times since then what he wants. The umbilical stump doesn't have any nerves, so the baby cannot feel pain there. The baby might have been crying by coincidence, or because it sensed the parent's anxiety. (Source: our midwife) I had not heard of the Dunstan theory before, and I don't recognise the words stated on the website. But I swear that while my son was newborn and up to maybe 5 months old, the way he cried clearly indicated if it was for hunger, sleep, diaper, or discomfort. I am no lactation expert but it sounds as if the breastfeeding triggers some unusual nerve reactions. Talk to a midwife if you have one (otherwise a pediatrician), and ask for recommendations for lactation specialists - it's likely that both of them have heard of this before. The human mind is finely tuned to the sound of crying babies, you'll be surprised at what you can hear subconsciously while you sleep. Our pediatrician wisely commented that newborns have only one desire - to grow older - so you can be sure they'll tell you if something is bothering them enough. If the bleeding is just a tiny amount, let it be or carefully wipe it away. If it's more, carefully clean it up with clean water. The stump usually falls off by itself within a week or two the most, so you may have inadvertently helped it a little. Another reason to sleep together is that parents need to take care of each other too. If you always put the baby first, then you'll burn out. You can only care for the baby when you're adequately reasonably sort of rested and balanced. Yes, it's okay for both parents to sleep at the same time, for several reasons. What you're seeing is probably the fact that the eyesight is not fully developed at birth, because proper eyesight as we know it takes several months to develop. I'm adding this question (and an answer) because I think it's a good fact to know. It would be cool if others can add more information. You can look for a local La Leche League group and you might find related answers on their website (although my quick search didn't find anything). This is a trick question. Each month does not consist of a whole (integer) number of weeks, except February, or equal number of days.