Things are much better these days, but in many ways its too late now. The Native "churches" I'm aware of are all heavily influenced by Christianity. The original religions are all but lost. There's also an argument that the Logan act is unconstitutional, so if it were to be used, it would likely have to go through a Supreme Court challenge. Wikipedia's caption on the map below reads: Based on what was said at the time, and what was done immediately after, the hits against him appear to be: However, it is also true that very few people today are in support of socializing industries (like FDR did) or serious government effort to eradicate poverty (like LBJ), banning handguns, completely socializing the medical system, outright banning of the Death Penalty, etc. All of those used to be popular liberal causes. Good luck finding a politican running on any of those today in all but the safest liberal seats. Looking at what happened, it does not appear that international issues were the primary driver. In the 18th and 19th centuries every major town had newspapers editorially associated with the political parties (which is why most towns used to have at least two big newspapers). These papers would be continuosly brutalizing the other party. For example, one editor in an anti-Fedralist newspaper wrote the following in 1796 after our beloved first president's farewell address (nearly 4 years before the next Presidential election): Johnson only accused him of Treason on internal White House tapes, not publicly. Johnson made a lot of "colorful exaggerations" on those tapes. That doesn't mean we should go checking to see if all those opposing politicians (including Nixon) so accused were really birthed by dogs as well. They can be viewed as a kind of Federal-level police. They used to be under the Treasury Department (with the IRS and the folks who make our money), rather than the FBI or Justice Department. In 2003 they got moved into the new Department of Homeland Security (along with a mishmash of other domestic security-related agencies that weren't politically powerfull enough to prevent it). It might be good to point out here the truism that, no matter how great you think you are doing, if your government provides no non-violent way for the people to replace it should it one day become unacceptable to them, in the long run violence is guaranteed. He was running a dictatorship, and those are inherently unstable. Here's a commemortive coin from the era: Here, according to wikipedia, is what that looked like in the late 19th Century: USA political campaigns are pretty much continuous these days. Its like the difference between a mine and a home. That's interesting. The argument I tend to hear these days is that the most liberal mainstream Democrat today is actually further to the right than Richard Nixon was. The argument there is that for the last 30 years Republicans have been championing views to the right of center, and Democrats have been trying to move to the center. This creates a new center further to the right, and then process repeats. It essentially happened because the idea of Nationalism: that people in ethnically, geographically, culturally, and linguistically coherent areas should owe their allegiance only to their own single native governments, became a popular sentiment worldwide. Ethnic nationalism was in fact a big deal throughout the late 19th and early to mid 20th centuries pretty much world-wide. James Madison and Thomas Jefferson started holding meetings with like-minded people to help organize the opposition to this program in Congress. Hamilton reacted by starting to organize his own supporters under the "Federalist" banner, which caused Madison and Jefferson to need to further organize nationally to compete, and it sort of snowballed from there. Germany's strategy for dealing with this was to print themselves more cash, use it to buy foriegn currency to repay the reparations, and let the ensuing inflation wither away their local debt to worthlessness. The concept was enshrined in WWI allied propaganda, as well as the agreements that actually ended the war. It could also be said to have proven itself in the war, as by and large the nation-states performed far better in that war than did the polyglot "empires". The Republican Party was always, since its founding, a "pro-business" party. The other part was that there was at the time an undeclared naval war with France, called the Quasi-War. At the time many seriously argued that Republics were incapable of effectively waging war. The new Constitution had some provisions for this, but the whole thing was as yet untested. So a series of wartime acts with a time limit, to allow the government to operate with less political friction while hostilities were ongoing, probably seemed like a good idea to many*. Particularly so for those of the same party as the government in question.