Is there something I'm missing in this interpretation, are there other constitutional principles in the United Kingdom which function as absolute checks and balances on the power of parliament and which parliament itself cannot override within the scope of parliamentary sovereignty? In the United Kingdom it seems to me that the only Constitutional principle that matters is the principle of Parliamentary Sovereignty. These developments do not fundamentally undermine the principle of parliamentary sovereignty, since, in theory at least, Parliament could repeal any of the laws implementing these changes. 

From that link this part sums up my reasoning quite nicely: I'm wondering if there is any recent (say within the last decade) polling which would suggest that citizens of the United Kingdom hold a strong opinion one way or another on the subject of a codified constitution for the United Kingdom. 

It seems that this is "carte blanche" for Parliament to override any other constitutional principle of the United Kingdom, at least for their own term, noting here the absence of any term limit which is constitutionally binding on parliament in absolute terms. The fixed term parliaments act could be repealed by any future parliament I'd like sourced answers - these can be theoretical in nature (i.e. untested but sources would be helpful if available. This is purely a question of interest but also something that troubles me as a UK Citizen. 

And, seeing as Gen. Powell may be a Republican, but openly endorsed a Democrat for the Presidency, all I can say is, "Good luck with that." Being able to see a political system as a neutral observer is useful for gauging the predictable outcomes, but ultimately, there is reason to become smart on this. AS Teddy Roosevelt famously said, it is not the critic that counts, but the man in the arena. The point of politics is simple - people in a society shape the society to further "secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our prosperity". They do this by getting ideas adopted, and hopefully even institutionalized. There is no better measure of influence than that - can you get your ideas implemented? 

Know the arguments both for and against the policy matter in question. A reasonably educated person should be able to identify key issues that differentiate people, and the reasons for and against any individual matters of policy. Take a "simple" issue like the Keystone pipeline. A reasonably educated person would understand the arguments for both the environmental impact and the economic one. A highly educated person would also understand the mechanics of a pipeline, the regions through which it would run, and be able to evaluate the impact in more concrete terms than a person who has simply been exposed to the idea. Consideration of alternatives is also the mark of an educated person. If you think your society is perfect, than by all means, you should care about the Kardashians and Miley Cyrus' latest hairstyle. But to the extent you believe your society should be better, you should know politics. Like Mark Twain is credited with saying, 'Everybody complains about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.' I will admit to being dismissive of people who don't their own country's politics, because the moment an uneducated person complains, I think, 'And what are you doing about it?' Again, arrogant? Maybe. But this engineer prefers men in the arena to the critics. Firstly, it should be noted that unlike the 27th Amendment, there is little chance that the Congressional Apportionment Amendment would be ratified today. Kentucky was the 11th state to ratify, back in 1792, and there have been zero additional ratifiers since. Frankly getting more Congressmen isn't something people are clamoring for - can't imagine why :) 

Is there something I'm missing in this interpretation, are there other constitutional principles in the United Kingdom which function as absolute checks and balances on the power of parliament and which parliament itself cannot override within the scope of parliamentary sovereignty? I'm wondering if there is any recent (say within the last decade) polling which would suggest that citizens of the United Kingdom hold a strong opinion one way or another on the subject of a codified constitution for the United Kingdom. I'd like sourced answers - these can be theoretical in nature (i.e. untested but sources would be helpful if available. This is purely a question of interest but also something that troubles me as a UK Citizen. I'm particularly interested in polls which would indicate an opinion either way absent other changes to the structure/constitutional convention of the United Kingdom (in essence a replacement of the UK's "Constitutional Convention" with a written and binding document containing, broadly, the same rights/procedures, subject to obvious changes to the powers of parliament). Note, this question is seeking more theoretical answers to the question than "realistic". I.e. It's realistic to note that the Media and Courts function as a control on the unbridled power of parliamentary sovereignty. However in theory these controls are similarly subject to the principle of parliamentary sovereignty.