Single speed means no derailleur to break. And smaller chain ring and bash guard gives you more clearance. The hard tail is lighter and the pedal action is more efficient. The frame is stiffer laterally (more efficient). The rear shock on a full suspension will absorb part of the pedal energy (very little as it is designed to minimize this). For lighter bumps. The tail will get bounced around (much) more than full suspension. Bouncing a real wheel is typically not going to drop you but you are not getting traction. 

My three cents: Upgrade your hard tail to tubeless and go 2.25 (or 2.4 in the rear if you can) in the rear Not the same but at lower pressure you get less bounce (for NO weight) And you get the grip of conforming to rocks and roots And you get no pinch flats For less weight than the full suspension Look for city or touring tires. Road in bicycle means more of a racing tire. 

ABS in cars auto-modulates. Race cars do not have ABS as if you know where the edge is then that is maximum braking. I disabled ABS in my sport car. 

Tend to take harder falls on a full suspension as you can go faster on the bumps. And when those bumps are rocks it hurts. And when you ding a $1500 frame it stings. Using spare tube Then, if you have a spare tube, you install it in place of the bad one (pump a little air into it first to make it round), use the tire irons to get the tire back on the rim, and then pump up the tire. I like to pump it up once, deflate it, and then pump again, to help position the tube and "seat" the tire on the rim. Once it's pumped up examine the wheel for any obvious lumps (indicating the tube may be twisted inside) and to see that the tire is evenly installed on the rim. 

Yeah, so long as you're more looking at simple recreation/commuting and not expecting to set any speed/distanced records, you can do a fair job of conversion. To use the boot you get the tube repaired and installed, and just before you put the tire back on the rim you work the boot in between the tube and tire so that it covers the hole. Then put the tire back on the rim and inflate. There are charts and "calculators" available online that give spoke length for various standard wheel configurations (wheel diameter, hub diameter, "cross" count of the spokes, etc). They're pretty good but may be off by a mm or two for certain hub/rim combos. 

Likely your Murray uses something like a Falcon 5-speed unit: 

For replacement spokes the two critical dimensions are the length and the head/nipple diameter. Ideally one should also match double-butted or not, but it's not critical. Re length, the spoke should catch at least 6 threads (6 full turns) of the nipple, and it absolutely must not poke through to where the spoke end can contact the tube (even with a rim strip in place). You generally have the ideal length when you can see 2-3 threads above the top of the nipple. 

Note that there are several parameters to spokes: My three cents: Upgrade your hard tail to tubeless and go 2.25 (or 2.4 in the rear if you can) in the rear Not the same but at lower pressure you get less bounce (for NO weight) And you get the grip of conforming to rocks and roots And you get no pinch flats For less weight than the full suspension The main difference here is with two bikes you have two different sets of tires. You will have lower rolling resistance at a higher pressure Cane Creek angleset is only 1 degree so it might not be enough. 

Any bike is going to flex when you pedal The harder you pedal the more it will flex You might be able to free it up with a bit of WD40. Remove the wheel and spray it down the axle. Use the full suspension for more and bigger bumps. Also for landing jumps. If you want to bang through some ruff stuff then full suspension. 

I happen to own two almost identical mountain bikes other than frame. One aluminum (Orbea) with Niner carbon font fork. And the other an all carbon Niner with Niner carbon front fork. I was looking for a Niner carbon frame and found a whole bike at such a deal I bought it. Both are single speed and tubeless. The all carbon has 2.1 tires compared 2.25 on the aluminum. Likely your Murray uses something like a Falcon 5-speed unit: Yeah, so long as you're more looking at simple recreation/commuting and not expecting to set any speed/distanced records, you can do a fair job of conversion. 

Note that, as Zen also mentions, the spokes on the back wheel will almost certainly be two different lengths (left side vs right), and the spokes on the front are likely yet again a third length. "Fancy" wheels can have even more lengths. Large hole If you discover that you have a large hole or cut in the tire then it's necessary to use some sort of "boot" inside the tire, to keep the new/repaired tube from bulging through the hole. Of course, some holes are simply too large for this to work, but usually it's worth a try regardless of how big the hole is. 

Note that there are several parameters to spokes: 

Next, try to increase your top end gear inches. A larger front sprocket and/or smaller rear cluster. You will almost certainly need to change your chain length for this, and might run into a tooth capacity problem with your rear derailer, depending on how you do it. For replacement spokes the two critical dimensions are the length and the head/nipple diameter. Ideally one should also match double-butted or not, but it's not critical. Re length, the spoke should catch at least 6 threads (6 full turns) of the nipple, and it absolutely must not poke through to where the spoke end can contact the tube (even with a rim strip in place). You generally have the ideal length when you can see 2-3 threads above the top of the nipple.