The sin of those in the Temple was simply that they were not ready. Those in the Temple should have been bearing fruit, not selling it. Though their own scriptures had been saying that the Messiah would be returning for centuries, when it actually happened, people were clearly not ready. Even the Temple had no special sway - people treated it like a shopping mall rather than the house of God. People were not "bearing fruit in keeping with repentence." 

A rejection of the divinity of Jesus is a rejection of the belief that you cannot save yourself. Either we accept that we are not able to save ourselves (and hence ask Jesus to save us) or we try to be own our own Redeemer, in which case, we get precisely the Lord we requested. 

Here's the idea - these were not all the pure Queens and noble Kings that the world looks upon. Prompted by the Holy Spirit, Matthew included some awfully shady seeming characters. Why? Because the God who became Man came for precisely this kind of person! Jesus was a King - he was descended from David. But he was not aloof. He came to seek and save even people like this! 

Note the conditional is the love - If you love, then obey. It is explictly not, Obey so that i will love you. 

Neither John nor Mark say anything about the birth of Jesus at all, so it is not surprising at all that there is nothing about the virgin birth. 

Paul is also consistent with the witness that we love because of Jesus' love for us. Romans 5:6-8 says: 

Christianity, in its most basic form, simply says that God saves people. 

This seems to suggest that these blessed people who's children live a very, very long time will be having children. One could question if this is heaven, but again, some people will apply it that way. 

Rahab was a prostitute, and says as much. 

There are several lessons to be drawn from this genealogy. One of my personal favorites is the four women mentioned: Tamar, Rahab, Ruth, and Mary. Each of these women's stories is mentioned in Scripture, and each has a less than stellar reputation. 

The theory would then be extended to suggest that if in this age there are new people, then there would be nothing to suggest that heaven would be different. 

It is suggested that the idiom was used as a form of self-reference in cases where the speaker wished to show modesty or to speak of matters (such as his own death) which were distasteful—in any case in sayings where he wished to avoid speaking directly in the first person. --Green, J. B., McKnight, S., & Marshall, I. H. (1992). Dictionary of Jesus and the Gospels (779). Downers Grove, Ill.: InterVarsity Press. 

Faulty Premise: Paul knew nothing of Jesus 

In all of these things, Jesus is said to be the one prefigured, because the book is about Him. Scholars disagree over the exact numbers of references, but most agree that Jesus is prefigured in every book of the Old Testament. (The more liberal ones would say that there are symbols to which Jesu appropriates or s at least alludes when he comes.) To list them all, however, would be a book. 

Put another way, it is much like Paul's admonition in Phillippians, where he says he doesn't care whether Christ is preached out of selfish ambitions or good ones, as long as Christ is preached 

Christos (Greek) is a title translating the Hebrew "Messiah" or "Annointed One." It highlights his annointed and special status. 

Jesus paid the penalty for that sin by dying on the cross, thus we are healed and given eternal life. 

To many, the idea was conflated with political liberation from Rome, but the Good News preached was actually just the new social order of Isaiah 40 - 66. 

They could be Nestorian, and deny the divinity of Christ. They might be Unitarian or Agnostic, and just not be sure. Their Shift key might be possessed. They might be anti-German, and thus hate capitalization on principle. Or 

The book of 1 John explicitly makes the case that loving Jesus, and by extension loving others, is the fundamental sine qua non of a Christian life. In chapter 4, John writes: 

It would be akin to asking "Why is Obama referred to as POTUS when his parents called him Barak and his friends call him Barry?" Each title, name, and construct reveals more information about the identity of this man, or in the case of Jesus, this God who became Man and dwelt among us. 

Jesus' point here is not that there is another name under heaven by which men can be saved, but rather that just because someone is 'not part of the group' doesn't mean they can't be a follower of Christ. In other words, it could be a support for the notion that Jesus is more important than the Institution that proclaims him. 

By his own testimony, Paul had at least two weeks' direct contact with Peter (aka Cephas) and James, two obvious eyewitnesses of Christ. Even if you discount the personal encounter with Jesus in Acts 9, Paul clearly had access to those who did know Christ.