Something different happens when I try to write long stories; It starts with something simple, but then I add more and more stuff until it gets too complicated. Another thing that happens is that I lose interested in the story after some weeks. I just feel that it is not a story that I want to write. Other times, I just tell myself: I have nothing else to say in this story, it should end here. Benjamin took a sip of his drink. "What's wrong? You're jealous?" I've been trying the following: 

The protagonist finds a passage in a building that takes you right into John Malkovich's head. 

Thanks for everyone's suggestions. How about this? 

(Of course, I will do this in moderation). I have written some short stories (in fact, they are flash fiction). When I'm writing short stories, the ideas and the structure come to my mind by themselves. If none of this works for you, you can try this: 

In my case, I never use dialogue and action tags in the same unit of dialogue (sorry, I just call them units because I had no idea what they are called). 

"Yeah, it's killing me, you know. My boss should really hire more teachers." Should I go back and add the details before starting the second draft? 

I think the answer is simple: don't stick with a good idea, stick with an idea you're in love with. Your situation actually happens to me a lot. I have all these good ideas, and most of them end up abandoning my mind pretty quickly. This is a good thing. It's my brain telling me: "Buddy, I'm sorry but they don't worth your time and effort." Now, when I come up with an idea that I fall in love with, I find it impossible not to finish it. Even if the writing ends up looking like crap, I find myself coming back to it. Over and over again. I tell myself: "Hey, come back and fix this. This idea deserves beautiful, lyrical sentences and an excellent, mind-blowing plot." I experienced a similar problem while writing a novel called Animal Suicide, a romance/comedy about human/animal suicide. 

Jun decided to sit in one of the stools. He glanced at his watch. 12:30 a.m. He thought about calling his wife and ask her what she needed. He took his cellphone from his pocket and stared at it for a couple of seconds, but then put it back. I better not call her. I just told you few minutes ago and you forgot? she would say. He left out a sigh and glanced around, realizing that he was feeling a little bit hungry. Jun headed to the food section, and bough himself a hot dog and a iced coffee.