The speed of overhead smashes that are hit during tennis points are not recorded (or at least if they are recorded, those metrics are not kept or stored anywhere permanent). The speed of the serve is mostly a gimmick for the fans to observe and - to my knowledge - it's only matches on the show courts at the 4 majors where any kind of statistics around serve speed is recorded and the data is kept as part of match statistics. 

As for the other majors - it's really the same reason. Paris has good weather in late May/early June. Wimbledon has - typically - the best weather for tennis in late June/early July. The US Open could really be played anytime from June through September but Wimbledon and the French Open already had the calendar during the earlier summer months so it's been played in late August. 

'Qualifying' entry means that the player played 1 or more matches/rounds in a qualifying tournament and earned a spot in the main draw that was reserved as a qualifying spot. Their name will usually be prefixed with a "Q" in the draw in this case. The number of qualifying spots in the main draw usually depends on the size of the main draw - for a major, which has a main draw of 128 players, typically 16 spots will be reserved for qualifiers. Typically, players get chosen for qualifying rounds based on their current ranking - so those ranked high enough (but just outside the range for direct entry) get put into qualifying tournaments. Some tournaments also hold pre-qualifying rounds that are open to absolutely anyone eligible to play by virtue of being a pro and paying the entry fee. This is how the very beginning professionals (or maybe those coming back from an injury) work their way into tournaments. 

So, back to the placement of seeds. Keep in mind the idea of "quadrants" - so 4 blocks each having 32 places in a tournament bracket size of 128. After the #1 and #2 seeds are placed, the rest of the seeds (#3 through #32) are placed somewhat randomly, but in specific positions in each quadrant of the draw. Again, those positions help to ensure matches between the better players not happen until the later rounds. You can notice a pattern to those positions mathematically. They are 1, 8, 9, 16, 17, 24, 25, 32, 33, 40, 41....down to 104, 105, 112, 113, 120, 121 and finally 128 (for the #2 seed). 

Djokovic however, won the event last year, and got 500 rankings points because of that result. So, last week, those 500 points "expired" and fell off of his points total. So, even if Djokovic wins the event again, his points total will merely stay the same (or decrease if he doesn't win the title again) while Nadal can do nothing but increase his points total. 

Generally in tennis, when more is on the line (think $$) then best of 5 sets are played instead of best of 3. It is a more comprehensive test and ensures that one player (or doubles team) can outperform the other and not that one player was just "hot" or "cold" for a set or two. 

There are also some guidelines that certain tournaments follow with regards to positions reserved for Wildcard and Qualifier players but I'll leave that for another time since this answer is already pretty lengthy. 

The short answer is - Nadal didn't play in the China Open last year - so he's "defending" zero points. It means he didn't win any rankings points from the event last year. So last week, zero points expired and fell from his points total. 

After the #1 and #2 seeds have been placed, things get a little more random, but not by much. The scale of the formula changes depending on the size of the bracket but for the purpose of this answer I'll look at last years (2016) Wimbledon Men's Singles Draw. 

Like you said - coming out of retirement can be a vastly different proposition for well known, once highly-ranked players vs. unknown, lower-ranked players. As you mentioned - the well known players will likely get the assistance of wild cards from tournament directors to quickly ascend back up the rankings while the unknown player likely would not. This would affect how many rankings points each player was able to quickly regain and thus, their ranking. 

Also keep in mind that the French-Wimbledon-US Open are three different surfaces so the tour tries to allow for some time in between each event for players to play in warm up tournaments on the respective surfaces to allow players to adjust. 

FYI - when a player announces retirement they are not automatically removed from the rankings unless they explicitly request to be removed immediately. I believe Henin was immediately removed because she requested to be. However, in Andy Roddick's case - he was still ranked inside the top 100 earlier this year (before the clay season I believe) - because some of his rankings points had not fallen off his rolling 12-month ranking yet. He is now listed as inactive on the ATP website since all his rankings points have fallen off. 

One of the things that I find myself not doing as well as I need to is keeping my eye on the ball. I am a tennis player but I am sure this could apply to other sports as well (baseball, football, racquetball, squash, cricket) that require players to keep their eye on the ball.