To give an an example of this method, which is one that Kuhn uses - the relationship between Newtonian Physics and that of Einsteins. Where does this argument fall down? I suggest at step 4, because there can be no final underlying mathematical reality. This seems a bit presumptuous, considering that the whole scientific project relies on this, but if there is, we go to step 5, which again states there isn't a final underlying mathematical reality. Can there be a proof of God? Is it a claim amenable to proof? No religion talks about 'proof' - this is a form of evidence imported from mathematics. Buddhism for example talks about meditation & enlightenment; Christianity on conversion and belief. Interestingly enough there is a theological perspective that considers that the universe is created from moment to moment - in this sense creation is continually engaged in. Gravity is commonly thought of as a modern invention; in fact it dates from antiquity. It was then understood (by Aristarchus) that the Earth was a sphere, and Aristotle divided the universe into a terrestial sphere, where things fall in a straight line, and the celestial sphere where thins move in a circular motion. One could go on arguing that Physicalism allows one to predict the motion of stars and quantum particles. An Islamic Scholar would say that everything (apart from humans who have free will) follows Allah's will, his law. Physicists only discovered the form of one of his laws. To adopt a non-classical logic may mean that one is simply playing games with the formal structure of the logic, which one adopts or tires to adopt an interpretation of what the logic means - its semantics. For example classical logic uses Tarksian semantics, the same semantics that Wittgenstein adpted in his *Tractatu*s, which is that truth corresponds to existance, and falsity to non-existence. Well, we've shown that Einsteinian constant is just the name that Derrida has given to the constant in Hippolytes question. The real question is about the Derridean terms 'constant', 'centre' and 'play'. The wikipedia article referred to above has this to say about 'centre': The SEP explains in its introduction to Deleuze that Philosophically, then it is opposed to at least to the classical notion of determinism of nature - the clockwork universe or the mechanistic philosophy of the 18th C; by making indeterminism a wholly integral part of nature. Of course, it has no more infinite regress than any other discipline that depends on logic; but that the point, most don't see, it's seen as axiomatic, almost as Gods own truth, but more so; mathematical & logical facts have a status over other kinds of truth that perhaps they don't deserve. I don't think you should discount poetry, charms & songs so quickly. In today's world, and especially in anglo-american philosophy we expect philosophy to be in prose & discursive. Also, too; that Aristotles later analysis of the concept of motion - provoked by Zeno - requires an ontology that is structured by potentialities and actualities. The nature of mathematical truth is not simple. Nor has it shown to be always true. There is a great deal of truth to what social constructivists maintain, that mathematical truth is socially constructed, but that doesn't mean to say that it is solely that, and that it doe not have some sophisticated relation to reality too.