If this is not a chosen motivation, and you like what you like in all honesty, there is no problem with being out of step by simply being yourself. Sentiments are not moral, according to Kant, so you are free to have what sentiments you have, as long as your motives and considerations are right. The only way a simple fact can have moral content is to be culturally embedded, and for the user of the fact to have a contingent duty to be truthful about its use. If the hokey pokey (that is the name, at least in the US) had moral content, the duty would rely upon the idea that it communicates a specific message in a specific context. If that message is important enough, by doing it wrong, you are lying, and in a way that is unethical. (If you do the statistical 'dance' of computing a p-value in a science paper wrong, it is unethical.) 2) intelligent animals quite different from humans, with no exposure to, for instance, verbal language. Unity is the category. Categories are meant to be foundational to all forms of thought, including those beyond humanity. People who were advocates for the paradigms that eventually failed to explain heat and other effects without atoms, did exactly what you indicate. They kept doing what they thought was justified, and the overall paradigm shift was not complete until they were hegemonized out, backed into irrelevance by the incoming data, and the way it affected opinion and understanding. In the text, Galileo does not seem to employ the principle of sufficient reason per se, but he relies strongly on the idea that needless variation, especially when it must be extreme, is an indication of a poor argument. For instance, if the stars move on the spheres, some spheres spin at different rates than others to achieve the apparently consistent motion of the skies on Earth, the farthest spheres must turn quite quickly, whereas if the Earth spins, then stars at all different distances from us just move at some fairly consistent speed. It is called the categorical imperative to rule out arguments tied to contingencies. Theoretically, for Kant, every truly moral argument should be understood by any adequate intelligence, not just other humans, and he tried to analyze out the kinds of bases that an intelligence would have to have. If the intention cannot be put in terms of a certain sort, it is not 'categorical' and cannot describe a worthy maxim because it could not be translated into a usable form for a different kind of intelligence that recognized a different range of contingency. Kant's compromise (which kind of prefigures evolution) is that innate mental contents and reality meet in the middle. There are certain notions that are necessary to understand reality. 'Just enough' of that is built into us by construction. But then those built-in assumptions are triggered by exposure to our particular reality. We end up with the notion that time and other basic forces can be significantly different, but in general they are just like we see them where we live. In the same way the homogeneity of density is Copernican, so is this notion of time and fields. It is about the familiar being general so that we don't imagine we are special again. In our legal system Judges, who are assigned that role by others, can levee fines. If I go out and levee fines, it is extortion. That is not a conflict with universality, it is just another precondition in the maxim.