In my neck of the woods there are some mountain descents that are pretty substantial: say 600 meters vertically averaging 7% grade, with lots of curves and other obstacles like potholes. Typically the surface is reasonable-quality asphalt; I have a touring bike. 

One thing I thought of was a dynamo hub; but those seem to consume less than 5 watts, which would make no real difference. All the directions I've seen for resetting pistons (for example) call for removing the wheel. I'd would like to avoid this step if it's not essential; it transforms pad replacement or access to the pistons from a quick 5-minute job to one that requires a workstand and may be dirty due to chain contact. For example, this is relevant when diagnosing issues that require resetting the pads more than once, or perhaps in a shop where time is money. 

I have Shimano M785 hydraulic disc brakes. 

To clarify: This test is designed to see if anything is broken, not tightened sufficiently, etc., rather than “do the brakes stop the bike”. For example, this weekend I discovered that the cable had worn down over a corner [aside: I have an appointment to re-route the cable] by breaking it during this test. My understanding is that it’s important to regularly test one’s brakes, by grabbing the lever and squeezing it hard, perhaps all the way down to the bars. The theory is that if they’re going to fail, it’s far better that they do so on the workstand than during a panic stop. 

(I should add that I know I shouldn't brake continuously all the way down. My question is about whether there are additional things I can do or add to the bike to bleed off speed.) 

It is easy to remove the pads and put them back in again even with the disc in place. However, resetting the brake pistons is tricky. I currently use a butter knife and two hands, which mostly works but is very awkward. 

You could also replace all the fluid, which is the safer and technically correct path if water contamination is suspected. Many people who ride road bikes with handlebar bags, such as randonneurs, use handlebar bag racks and other front racks with integrated light mounting for generator lights. 

If you fasten the cable anchor with the quick release at its "tight" position and then it's able to slip into a "loose" position, that sounds like a likely culprit to me. I haven't encountered a misbehaving BR-5800 QR yet so I don't actually know what to tell you there, but I think either the silver part in front comes off and is covering a bolt head that holds the whole thing together, or the whole anchor assembly threads in and out of it. I would investigate that and get the issue you describe taken care of either way. You want those dots to have zero ability to come unaligned unintentionally. This is a Mathauser pad, and is representative of how a lot of old brake pads were, and some still are. 

Any loss of grip between the rear pads and rim, or any mechanical failure of the rear brake, will keep the front brake from operating, rendering the bike brakeless. In other words, the system eliminates one of the key safety features of other bikes with two brakes: redundancy in case of mechanical issues, especially in emergency braking situations where cable systems in particular are stressed the most. 

Edit: Some of the longest and fanciest of the fancy rando long-reach centerpulls may also work, barely. Compass lists their brake as 65-80mm. However, if it did reach, it would probably be the best brake you could get on there. 

The cable is in the process of fraying apart somewhere. 

As of now there is no commercial product you can buy to make this possible. An adapter that did this would be awkward to design because the flat mount caliper, in its native spatial position relative to the rotor and stay/blade, is trying to occupy some of the same space as the IS tabs. I believe it's physically possible but it would have to resort to being bulky and positioning the caliper quite far away along the rotor from where the tabs sit, which is a very negative design trade-off. It may even raise questions about how much leverage the tabs or mounting bolts can handle. 

The reason brake pad design moved away from being cheap, thick blocks of rubber is 100% that you can't make any but the most trivial amount of money producing and selling them. They last too long and are too effective for how cheap they are. Only the most hardcore of cyclists become repeat buyers. The design differences with modern pads are obvious. You get a huge simple block of rubber with no grooves. Nothing about the design of the pad is coaxing you to replace it any time before the metal part starts contacting the rim, a point that most riders will be able to see coming and all but the least observant will hear about the second it starts actually happening, before any serious damage is done. Another way of looking at how it works and the effect on power is that you've got a normal rear brake you can set up and use however you want, and for your front brake someone put an arbitrarily sized block of material between the lever and the bar so the lever will always bottom out against it at a certain point in its travel. 

Facing a rear post mount on the chainstay, where they often are now on road/cross bikes, usually requires an offset facing tool to reach in and do it without bonking into the seatstay. If all manufacturers and dealers were well equipped and did their jobs right, this wouldn't make a difference for consumers. As it is I feel like there's a relatively high proportion of bikes like this sent out into the world still in need of rear post facing, but I don't have any proof.