If I'm really going to "think" about objects, then I can take representations (= appearances) and get to objects 

Despite this, Kant still maintains that God is necessary for morality to maintain what is often called the "proportionality thesis". This is the idea that people will receive happiness in proportion to the degree that they are moral. Kant recognized that this was not true in this world and make God a "postulate of moral reason" (at least in the Critique of Practical Reason) in order to make it so that being moral makes sense in terms of fairness (by becoming eternally fair). 

Thus, Kant rejects the voluntarist position that God is above morality. 

But considering he is writing after Descartes, this is clearly going to be difficult to square with Newtonian mechanics -- where everything appears to be explained by the laws of physics. Kant's solution in his metaphysical works. Put simply, everything was explained in terms of nature and its subsequent determinism. 

= the objects don't come from experience; they come from me thinking. So I can think about that sort of thinking and learn about objects and representations. 

= approximately if our thoughts about objects have to come from objects themselves, we cannot them without experiencing the objects (here a priori is the opposite of "from experience." 

Representation = the German word Vorstellung. In Kant's case, this is something we can sense and that we experience as within space and time (we bring space and time to the thing for Kant's view). 

So, yes, spiders are not for Kant moral creatures and thus not bound to the categorical imperative. They can do no wrong (this isn't to say that they can't be involved in wrong -- like using spiders to torture people, but that they themselves are not moral agents there). 

The background behind this is that Kant believes the material world and animals are largely deterministic in terms of their behavior. They are limited to their natures. In contrast, human nature involves having rational and a free will that can choose based on reason. As a consequence, our nature is precisely to not be wholly determined by our biology (a point shared by Aristotle). 

Thing = the German word Ding. In Kant's case, this is often going to be "thing-in-itself." It's not something we encounter or can experience. Instead, we experience representations of it and think about it when rendered as an object. It's a distant cousin to "prime matter." 

For Kant, the only known rational beings are humans. God is posited as a rational beings but not known. Angels occupy a weird position as "pure limited rational being" which is absolutely never fleshed out. 

To simplify, the source of morality is reason for Kant, and God has reason and thus comes to the same conclusions. Those who need to think of God to come to the conclusions of reason are in Kant's view using a crutch. 

I don't have my text with me, but Kant's view in Religion within the Bounds of Reason Alone is that God necessarily comes to the same conclusions of reason with regards to morality and is not necessary for our moral reasoning. (The same view is implied in some of Kant's earlier moral works -- note the absence of an appeal to theology in Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals , Metaphysics of Morals, and Critique of Practical Reason). 

But reason does not function through the categories or the forms. Instead, reason is free. In this way, it lies outside the world of determinism. But the freedom comes at a price of being in a different realm than the phenomenal, which Kant calls the noumenal (derived from the Greek word nous which means mind). The moral self for Kant is the self that is noumenal and that can act freely unbuffetted by the deterministic world. 

One simple dictum that captures this is "ought implies can." Kant thinks we can know what we ought to do. And then he thinks we can do it. So if we know murder is wrong, Kant thinks we can always in every circumstance do what is right. 

he shares a deterministic picture of the sensible universe. he shares a belief in the superiority of rationality over the deterministic natural animal he has a problem connecting this account to the physical domain. Where he differs from Descartes is in what is called the "Copernican revolution" whereby he looks at our understanding in a different way that hints at a cognitive faculty that has power over the world that we perceive. (note that the domain of its power is the "world" which here refers to a concept in the mind). Basically, Kant turns to the mind in a different way than Descartes -- informed by and accepting Hume. 

And this works, because all of my experience follows a prior rules. 

Or I can see the representations as matching my concepts. 

For Kant, a priori (non-experience-based) is the prize, because then we can have certainty. If we have to depend on encountering them, then he sees that as a problem (not explained in this passage). 

On Kant's view, the self as a moral self is not in the world of nature. Instead, the self is in a world where it is free. And the reason why we don't see that is that we cannot see it since it is not a phenomenon. In fact, on most interpretations of Kant's moral theory, we can never directly perceive than act is moral, because we can only see and comprehend our world in terms of the forms and categories and encounter others regularly under these. 

tl;dr - in Kant's view we don't have direct access to things in our world. Instead, we experience representations (whitish thing appearing in front of me) and objects (macbook air) based on categories and forms of sensibility that come from us.