Top players position (32 for Grand Slam Tournaments) are determined by official rankings then other players who enter directly in the main draw are drawn. A.C. (Associazione Calcio - A.C. Milan) 

Why there are different records from indoor / outdoor performances? Here the updated wikipedia pages with the list 

Those atletes won olympic medals under different flags: Irina Lashko take part to 4 olympic edition under 4 different flags It seems that FINA (International Swimming Federation) has no age limits for races. Are there any other international sport where a "baby" can take part at the event? It is interesting to notice that for Nadal this 2017 Roland Garros represents his personal career record for percentage of game won on game losts (116 GW vs only 35 GL => 76.8%) Today A. Radwanska reach the semifinals in Singapore in the WTA finals after two losing match during the round robin. 

When in the past a tennis player (man or woman) won the finals after losing two matches during the round robin? Josefa Idem get married with an italian and get nationality in 1992 In the past was the ranking rules was not followed so closely: maybe there are players strong on grass and weak on clay so there where a bit of adjustments, but this way generate many controversy so now it is followed the "rankings rules". On 24 April 1996, he and his father entered football history in an Iceland international friendly in Tallinn. Arnór started the match, and Eiður came on in the second half as a substitute for his father. This rule applies to every tournaments, Grand Slam and minor ones. What are "objective" criteria or rules (if exists) to define a sport as "national sport" for each Country? 

What are, if they exist, Olympic sports (both winter and summers Games) where there are team composed by men and women? In Auckland 2016 draw you can see that the "last" tennis player direct acceptance (no qualification needed) in Mariana Duque-Marino (ranking 78th), there are 4 slot for qualification players and 2 Wild Cards. 

How many tennis balls does a player have to choose from at a time? 

Some argue that the Alì's punch has not knocked out his opponent, but currently there are no concrete information about it. 

Those are the table of Champions League finals and Europa League finals 

So, I think it is not possible to provide a concrete answer to these questions Here the video of the draw of Australian Open 2016 C.D. (Club Deportivo - CD Aguila) 

And what about limited at grand slam matches? 

Is the rule the same for ATP/WTA matches and Grand Slam matches? On wikipedia there is an dedicated page with many info and many hypothesis on this match (also on the possibility that was fixed). I know every 7 games they play with new balls, but I do not know how many balls are in use at the same time. In the main draw there are also free slot assigned by tournaments directors (Wild Cards) and for qualifing. Tennis players that do not enter directly in the main draw for rankings can play the qualification. The qualification draws are managed in the same way. RCD (Real Club Deportivo - RCD Espanyol) In history never happened that a Grand Slam tournament was totally abandoned by weather. You can check the list of men and women winners. 

In 1851 and 1853 even William Lillywhite has played with his two sons: John and James According to this FIFA article also Carlos Alonso and Juan Carlos Balazar play in the same official match in first division Peruvian football league I mean that player who saved match points finally wins the game In (international) football: Eiður and Arnór Gudjohnsen. 

Not the most one, but one of the most important I.F.K (Idrottsföreningen Kamraterna - IFK Göteborg / IFK Norrköping) 

In Cricket there are several examples of that: 18 times a father and son have played in the same match 

Despite the difficulty this event had already occurred several times in the past: 9 times for men events and 40 times in women events in modern era. I mean maybe distances 200m and 400m has different tracks (with different lengths of curves and straights) but why there are two different record between on the following speciality 

S.S. (Società Sportiva - S.S. Lazio) => football - paddle - grass hockey - basketball - volleyball - rugby - darts and many more This is one of the most controversial boxing matches in history. 

Aslo this top 10 shows: England (1) - Liberia (1) - Estonia (1) - Poland (1)- Japan (1) - Germany (2) - Ghana (1) - Tonga (1) - Canada (1) as born-Country of NFL players Tournaments schedule are planned to manage weather problems, sometimes it happened that a player has played two singles match the same day. What is the record of saved match points in a ATP/WTA tennis match? 

ATP/WTA tournaments last one week, only Grand Slam ones last two weeks. I view that Alzain Tareq took part in the Kazan 2015 swim championship at age of 10! 

I know in Spain Real Madrid Castilla, Real Madrid's second team, play in the same league system as the first team. Are there other countries in which the same situation occurs, and if so which ones? 

CSKA (Central Army Sports Club - CSKA Moscow) => football - futsal - icehochey - basketball - volleyball 

U.C. (Unione Calcio - U.C. Sampdoria) I do not know update statistics on it but in 2010 and 2011 Australia seems one of the most born-Country for foreing NFL players, but it seems there are also many other Country that offers players to NFL.