Regarding fornication, it has to be proven in the way dictated by sharee’ah, such as a confession of the zaani (fornicator), or the testimony of four men of good character who witnessed the act of fornication. 

The thing should have been taken by stealth; if it was not taken by stealth, then (the hand) should not be cut off, such as when property has been seized by force in front of other people, because in this case the owner of the property could have asked for help to stop the thief. Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): However, it should be noted that no one should carry out the hadd punishments without the permission of the ruler. If there is no ruler who rules according to sharee’ah then it is not permissible for the ordinary people to carry out the hadd punishments. Whoever does that is sinning, because carrying out the hadd punishments requires examining the matter and requires shar’i knowledge in order to know the conditions of proof. 

Sunayd said that Hajjaj said that Ibn Jurayj commented on this Ayah (2:102), 1- The stolen property should be something of worth, because that which is of no worth , has no sanctity, such as musical instruments, wine and pigs. 2- The value of the stolen property should be above a certain limit, which is three Islamic dirhams or a quarter of an Islamic dinar, or their equivalent in other currencies. Because cutting off the hand is a serious matter, cutting off the hand of the thief should not be done for just any case of theft. A combination of conditions must be fulfilled before the hand of a thief is cut off. These conditions are as follows: 

The scholars who stated that learning magic is disbelief relied on this Ayah for evidence. They also mentioned the Hadith that Abu Bakr Al-Bazzar recorded from `Abdullah, which states, 

Source: The Hadith: "Learn magic but do not practice it" has no basis 

This is the view of the Sunni Muslim scholars. Abu Ja'far Ar-Razi said that Ar-Rabi' bin Anas said that Qays bin 'Abbad said that Ibn 'Abbas said, "When someone came to the angels to learn magic, they would discourage him and say to him, 'We are only a test, so do not fall into disbelief.' They had knowledge of what is good and evil and what constitutes belief or disbelief, and they thus knew that magic is a form of disbelief. When the person who came to learn magic still insisted on learning it, they commanded him to go to such and such place, where if he went, Satan would meet him and teach him magic. When this man would learn magic, the light (of faith) would depart him, and he would see it shining (and flying away) in the sky. He would then proclaim, 'O my sorrow! Woe unto me! What should I do.'' 

5- The person from whom the property was stolen has to ask for it back; if he does not, then (the thief’s) hand does not have to be cut off. All the acts mentioned in this Hadith are unlawful. The teaching, learning and practising of magic are all unlawful, and Imam An-Nawawi has quoted this Hadith here to prove the prohibition of magic in Islam. 

If they are married, the hadd punishment is stoning: Similarly for fornication if the person is not married, the punishment is a hundred lashes :