It's a good question, but there's no clear answer - it's been debated almost since it was written. The arguments can be broken down into two camps (all quotes from Wikipedia): 

However, as @cpast pointed out in the comments, the state itself does have standing to appeal (assuming it wants to, which California didn't in Hollingsworth v. Perry), because it is directly affected by this ruling, so you can encourage your governor to pursue it on your (and the state's) behalf. In 1936, in United States v. Butler, the supreme court held that If the language were "three highest", there would be a case for everyone tied for third being included. But it explicitly says "not exceeding three". I see two possible ways to resolve this, but like with any constitutional crisis, it would very much depend on the specific facts at the time, and the personalities involved. 

In Windsor v. United States they held that laws defining marriage as between one man and one woman violate a homosexual's rights to equal liberty (specifically, to marry who they choose). Since these laws are now unconstitutional, and the US Constitution is the supreme law of the land, all state-level laws (and constitutional amendments) are now illegal, and thus they legally must be overturned. 

Taken together, this means that when a state passes an unconstitutional law, it is itself breaking the law (Article VI), and can be taken before a federal court (Article III) to be forced to change its course (you can't exactly arrest a state, after all). And the US Supreme Court (SCOTUS) determines what is unconstitutional. Up until 1936, the Madison viewpoint was the predominant one, but since then, case law has sided more and more towards the Hamiltonian. This is despite the fact that Madison was more involved in actually writing the clause, and is more likely to be an authoritative source on the original intent. 

So much for the general case. In this example, which I am assuming is related to Wisconsin's gay marriage ban being overturned, SCOTUS has found that laws restricting gay marriage are a violation of the Fifth Amendment's "Due Process" clause, which says (in part): 

TL;DR There's no need for the states to coordinate directly, although they'll certainly be aware of what other states are doing. How concurrent the requests have to be is up to Congress, which has never had to make that decision. 

There's nothing in the constitution specifying whether all the states need to call for a convention at the same time, but it certainly safe to assume that if they all did so within the same Congressional session (which is two years long), it would be considered valid. However, the 27th Amendment was ratified over two hundred years after it was originally proposed, so it's conceivable that it could be spread out over several years. If it is spread out, then it would be up to Congress as to whether they would honor the requests or not. If they don't, then it might go to the Supreme Court (which would likely find that it's a political question and send it back to Congress). Regardless of what happens, it would set the precedent for any future attempts: Either the timeframe doesn't matter or Congress will need to specify the timeframe explicitly. But there's no way to know ahead of time what that decision would be. 

The Articles of Confederation had, as clause XI: This method has been close to utilization several times. Only one State was lacking when the Senate finally permitted passage of an amendment providing for the direct election of Senators. Two States were lacking in a petition drive for a constitutional limitation on income tax rates. The drive for an amendment to limit the Supreme Court’s legislative apportionment decisions came within one State of the required number, and a proposal for a balanced budget amendment has been but two States short of the requisite number for some time. Arguments existed in each instance against counting all the petitions, but the political realities no doubt are that if there is an authentic national movement underlying a petitioning by two–thirds of the States there will be a response by Congress.