The classics are Arendt Heytings "Intuitionism: And introduction", Stephen Kleene's "Introduction to Intuitionistic Mathematics" and Errett Bishop's "Schizophrenia in Modern Mathematics". Often the issue inserted is intractability or irreducibility, while the main goal of the philosophy is kept in principle. So is there a truly general maxim that still handles this case? One half of Wicca is pretty much an evolutionary descendent of Jung. If you read someone like Vivianne Crowley, or someone like Starhawk from the front ranks of the Feri tradition, you can see the bones . One half of Thelema is pretty much a sophisticated modern Libertarianism without the obsessiveness, mixed with early Nietzsche. A good piece of Asatru is from a different face of Nietzsche. Etc., etc., etc. He had an implicit faith that there is a deeper motivation within humans that can only be uncovered by discarding all artificiality and questioning our 'natural' motivations. In particular, acting based on utlity is so automatic, and so dictated by circumstances, that it cannot have positive ethical value itself. The real nature of what is good must be sought elsewhere. We discovered electricity, something that exists in some weird distributed state that freely reaches across empty space, something as spectral as we could imagine in the 18th century, and when it stopped being entirely mysterious, instead of declaring there to be another layer of reality, we just decided it was physics. Then we discovered quantum mechanics, something that seems to strictly limit our ability to predict physical behavior, and instead of deciding we needed another name for this deeper level of causation, we devised wave functions and declared "the distribution of the possibility of the location of a particle in wave form", to be physics. The idea that the release of others from pain would be good does not rely on their having value of their own. It is enough that humans are constructed in a way that borrows pain from others and that pain encourages bad decisions and rash actions that can cause others pain. Since we are others' others, we will be doing some of that borrowing and suffering some of that transferred aggression and poor judgement. Framings like the Gaia movement of James Lovelock would rather see life equally at the level of the individual cell or body and at the level of an entire species, an ecosystem, or the whole planet. If you look at biology from that direction, 'grow and reproduce' is a biased version of the normal biological criterion, colored by our notions of progress. Symbolism is intersubjectively established, so it cannot exist without interaction within the material realm between people with differing mental contents. It needs a material cue, but it resides spread across minds, in a culture, so it cannot be collected up as a mental object. Without some spooky sort of Berkeleyan or Hegelian "Overmind of God", you need a third category of being to account for our human structure as social animals and our dependence upon cultural contents. It is also tempting to discount it as unnecessary category representing a combination of the other two. But our new awareness of the depth of 'Sapir-Worf' effects, and the degree to which humans are dependent upon language for thought implies that thought is not logically prior to symbolization. If symbolization is prior to thought, then, so is material, and there is either one, or three things going on, right from the beginning not two out of which the third arises. Actions can in some sense be captured by a sort of 'moving picture', but not in a way that reliably feels like a basic concept has been really captured. We do not so much accumulate these moving pictures, as look behind them for shared structure and how that structure answers to motives. If I teach a child about an activity, at some point fairly early on, unless the motivation is really obvious, she moves on to 'why' before being willing to put up with any more 'what' or 'how'. I think the idea of "arguing against physicalism" (or for that matter arguing for it) is basically misleading in a deep way, and is an attempt to do religion by philosophical means. Not that that is bad, but it is theology and needs to recognize that association. If you answered the question of the tenability of physicalism clearly and definitively in either direction, it would remain in some other form, ever-retreating and impossible to really address. The later form of sacrifice, after the order of Malkezedech and rabbinical blessing, and later basic to Christianity, where what is communally sacrificed is then also consumed, is taken by Jung as symbolic of attaining competence at complex tasks, replacing just having things to willingly give, as a higher standard of proof for the same thing. Popper himself believed that Darwin does not fit his criterion, but that it appears to be useful scientifically. Today it is basically invaluable to several important subfields of biology. He admits this cannot be explained on his proposed basis, and is not crushed. (So your answers are 'yes', 'no', and 'yes'. To the extent it is falsifiable, it has been disproven by his own observation. And to the extent he kept supporting it as valuable anyway, it must not have been meant to be falsifiable.) The emphasis on systematically displacing entropy (directing energy) for a given goal that arises naturally and is not imposed from outside remains the central part of the definition, the goal itself is just more general.