Who has explicitly addressed the problem as to when to decide to allow for a specific ethical theory to deviate from common-sense moral intuitions? If society were to change such that bots of whichever sort are generally considered persons (individuals) then there wouldn't be a problem since the normal and legal interpretation of the current TOS would admit them. We are legally obligated to honour the legal obligations imposed on us by the government, but are only morally bound to execute our moral obligations. To the extent that the legal obligations coincide with moral ones, we are morally bound to execute them, to the extent that they don't, we are not morally obligated to execute these immoral, yet legally imposed, ones. Stoicfury's comments point out the following fact: we do (generally) try to respect the wishes of people even when the effects extend past the end of their lives. Wills, funeral arrangements, keeping, say a personal oath of secrecy (the usual don't tell anybody about this type of thing), are examples of exactly this kind of thing. I do not view this as providing rights to the deceased, it is merely that one's ethical obligations don't magically disappear someone else's death. Suppose I set up a suitably elaborated theory of ethics, and I find that gratuitous murder is perfectly acceptable. This seems like a good reason to reject that theory of ethics, i.e. it seems that matching at least some basic moral intutions is a requirement of any ethical theory. Just to be clear, I consider the "presumed allegiance" referred to in this question to be a legal obligation, which may (or may not) lead to morally just actions. This answer addresses one facet of a bot autonomously participating in SE; there are certainly ways that a bot acting in coordination with a person, could fulfill the TOS but I don't interpret that as the thrust of the question. For instance, the term ‘obligation’ in the singular or ‘obligations’ in the plural is univocal when it refers to what one party has agreed to perform under the terms of an agreement. In this sense, the positive counterpart of the obligation is the right (‘rights and obligations’), that is to say what the creditor is entitled to receive from the debtor. This is a classical view of the term ‘obligation’ seen as ‘a tie which exists between at least two individual persons which enables one person to request something from the other’1. The obligation should therefore be perceived as including a legal tie, a legal tie between at least two persons and a coercitive power enabling the enforcement of the obligation. Hopefully you can see why I am confused. I think this is a really interesting topic, but I don't know where to look further. I am not asking about the concept of adiaphora here, which, as I am told, is a stoic and later catholic concept, neither am I asking for references in other philosophies - I am solely interested in Kant's understanding of morally indifferent acts. I will be grateful for all kinds of sources and references on-topic.