Sokolnikov, shuffled from Finance Minister into an array of second-tier jobs tried to fight a read-guard action against Stalin's approach: 

The quotes from Japanese sources are rather few and episodic (about 5) and when considered on their own and not buttressed by the previously discussed data they do not amount to much. For example: after the war was over, the Communists treated some Japanese residents in Manchuria well, unlike the Russians and the local population. Presumably true, but not very relevant. Etc. 

He also introduces with no comment in the footnote another source: Jack Belden's China Shakes The World. 

There were indeed numerous atrocities committed against German civilians. This is well attested in German and Russian sources. For example Nemmersdorf. The details are a mess but the overall pattern is true. The absolute majority of Soviet soldiers did not take part in thiese atrocities. Solonin raises the quesiton of the demographic profile of the new recruits who joined the Soviet armies in Germany in late 1944-early 1945. Indeed, the four years of war (and the wasteful Soviet command style) took a heavy toll on the male population (an infantryman lasted on average 5 (five) months on the front line - after that he was either dead or invalided home). He correctly points out that many tens of thousands of soldiers were recruited form among the Soviet population that had endured the Nazi occupation. Generally speaking, this population was heavily brutalized by their experience of life under occupation and some of the younger men could well be expected to have lost whatever moral compass they had had while growing up under the occupation. Here is where things get really tricky. Many of the people who were enlisted thus actually served the Germans before. Having undergone a casual background check (imagine how thorough could those checks be in the middle of a war, amidst total dislocation etc) they were drafted into the Red Army. Here is a striking example: A Soviet colonel, V.V.Gil aka Rodionov aka Rodjanoff was captured early on in the war, joined the Germans and got his own command - the 1st SS Russian National Brigade. You can imagine what sort of service his troops saw. In the summer of 1943 Gil switched sides again and his unit was redesignated the 1st Antifascist Partisan Brigade (russian Wiki) as part of the Soviet forces! Did such men (SS auxiliaries who switched sides) later become part of the Soviet occupying force in Germany? Nobody can tell for sure at the moment (closed archives, wartime chaos etc) but it is possible that some/many of the atrocities were committed by them. Add to this also the fact that it's enough to have, say, 5-10% rotten apples in a state of lax discipline (and Soviet discipline was very lax by then) to implicate the whole unit as such. Now it gets really creepy: Solonin conjectures that the atrocities might have been implicitly encouraged by Stalin as part of his plan to de-Germanize East Prussia. He foresaw that his Allies would expect this territory to be pary of the future Germany but Stalin had his own designs on the territory. The atrocities were a way to get the scare the German civilian population and to force them to run away - as they did. Here is one bit of evidence adduced to in support of the theory that the atrocities were encouraged from above - Stavka order No. 11072 dated April 20th, 1945 from Stalin demanded to improve the treatment of the German civilian population. Here's the crucial thing: it was specifically directed to the commanders of the 1st Belorussian and the 1st Ukrainian Fronts whose troops were in what was designated as the Soviet zone - whereas the 2nd and 3rd Belorussian Fronts, fighting in East Prussia and Pommerania were not given the order! This is, as I said, highly conjectural and I can see some holes in the asrgument. But it does make sense. A widely cited figure is "500,000 sq mi of Russian territory" occupied by Nazi Germany, but it does not seem plausible because of the imprecise choice of wording. 

The Lithuania diplomatic standing was fragile: the Polish-Lithuanian relations were terrible over earlier Polish annexation of Vilnius. Also German-Lithuanian and Soviet-Lithuanian relations were bad. Humans and some animals (this is male thing in most cases) very much like to risk our own comfort and our own life in a kind of pre-staged situations. Historically, primary example of this is an armed conflict. This need is so strong and prevalent, that even in modern times, when we are educated enough to surely predict that innocent bystanders (even women and children!) would get hurt, from time to time we cannot stop ourselves, which by the way pretty much makes us a bunch of quite murderous beasts, doesn't it? Well, too bad, but to the point. Additional fact was that the Hitler's proposition was soon mirrored. Stalin proposed to send troops to "help" Poland against Germany. This was similarly rejected, as it would lead to Poland becoming a Soviet satellite state (as predicted by Poland; again Lyons). 

Hamburg before and after government subsized housing program. Notice the gigantic square bomb shelter has remained throughout. 

Before the war started there were no death camps, and all of the camps were publicized as work camps. Letters were allowed in out and the conditions were made relatively public. 

This reminds of an American army "training" film I was shown in high school (!), which was an anti-axis propaganda piece. At the end of the film they showed three portraits, that of Hitler, Mussolini and Hirohito, while the narrator intoned, "If you see any of these men, doooooooon't hesitate!" Possibly even more damaging to Germany business-wise, was not the economic blockade, but the financial blockade. The US, Britain and France all made their currency inconvertible to Deutschmarks as early as 1936. Since the Germans could not buy Dollars from the US Treasury, for example, and it was illegal under the neutrality acts for American banks to issue credit to any German company, this made it virtually impossible for Germany to buy US goods. A US manufacturer will not take Deutschmarks in payments, only dollars, so by cutting off the dollar supply to Germany, trade became not only extremely difficult not only with the United States, but even with their allies. For example, just to trade with Turkey was very awkward and required all kinds of wierd barter arrangements, even though Turkey was completely out of the Allied sphere of influence.