Obamacare my have changed that some (it bumped payments for one year to try and increase acceptance rates). Still, Medicaid is not as widely accepted. This sentence describes the difference (emphasis mine) As to what we got out of it? Public Relations The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2) You may be wondering why the Obamacare mandate is so light on enforcement. You see, the original House version of the bill gave the IRS the power to enforce payment of the penalty the way it would enforce payment of any other tax. But then when the bill went to the Senate, an important provision in the House bill, the public option, was stripped out. Liberals, who had been championing the passage of Obamacare, were outraged. (One of the key selling points of healthcare reform had been that the government would provide competition to private insurers.) As a result, they grew less supportive of the mandate, because they saw it as fundamentally unfair that someone would have to buy insurance from a for-profit insurance company without having the option of buying it from the government instead. So liberal distrust of the mandate led to the enforcement teeth being taken out. My question is, what ethics rule is O'Brien referring to? Is this a rule that requires executive branch officials to put their assets in a blind trust? Or is this simply a rule that says that if an executive branch official chooses to have a blind trust, then it cannot be be run by his family members (which would just be a restatement of the definition of a blind trust)? By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) Obamacare my have changed that some (it bumped payments for one year to try and increase acceptance rates). Still, Medicaid is not as widely accepted. This sentence describes the difference (emphasis mine) Obama, knowing full well that the Senate would never ratify it as a treaty, never presented it as such. It was an easy way to get a political victory, at the cost of having actual, binding legislation. He assumed that Executive action alone (i.e. The EPA Clean Power Plan) would be able to get him there, and political pressure would keep it in place. As to why we sell to the Saudis and India? Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. That means hospitals are effectively serving as “insurers of last resort” within the American healthcare sector by providing care to uninsured patients who cannot afford to pay their medical bills. “People are still going to the emergency room,” Garthwaite says, “and they are still receiving treatment—so the cost is still there. When governments do not provide health insurance, hospitals must effectively provide it instead.” But in any case, what the Court actually said is that if a student wanted a change in admissions policy at a public university, then the process that they would have to undergo in order to try to change the policy would depend on what the policy change they want is. If they wanted the university to take into account the fact that they're a child of alumni, they could just write a petition to the admissions committee. But if they wanted the university to take into account racial disadvantages that African American students faced, the process for trying to effect such a change would be to try to amend the state constitution again. So the government would be discriminating against people seeking changes based on the change they happened to want. It is this unequal treatment that the Court objected to. EDIT: To be clear, I'm just describing the enforcement powers of the IRS. Under the ACA, you still have a legal obligation to pay the penalty. So if you want to be a law-abiding citizen, either pay the penalty or get health insurance. Bringing back the DC school voucher program Reversing the phaseout of energy-inefficient incandescent lightbulbs Prohibiting the Post Office from closing rural post offices or cutting Saturday delivery Requiring the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste facility to be maintained Defunding a (small) Obamacare "slush fund" Stopping the Export-Import Bank from reducing funding to carbon-producing power plants Defunding foreign aid to Libya unless the Secretary of State certifies that the Libyan government is cooperating with the Benghazi investigation. I'm surprised that Democrats agreed to all these policy riders. Of course, when the bill goes back to the House there's still a chance that Republicans will add even more policy riders, which Democrats might object to. So we're not out of the woods yet as regards a government shutdown, although a temporary stopgap bill is going to delay the shutdown date by a few days after January 15.