The Basics First off, what's an indexical expression? An indexical expression is, roughly, an expression whose reference can shift across contexts. Your sentence contains three such expressions: "I", "here", and "now". How does reference shift across contexts? Well, consider what the referent of "I" would be when you utter "I am here now" (hint: it's you). When I utter the same sentence, the reference of "I" shift to me. In usual circumstances (e.g., not in indirect discourse), "I" refers to the speaker. So, to reflect your update, I'll update my answer. The argument that you give is, as you note, valid. It is an instance of modus tollens. The problem, however, is that it (plausibly) isn't a sound argument. The premise "If men evolved from apes then there wouldn't be any ape nowadays" seems very open to doubt. In fact, it seems to actually be false. Our best theory is that we evolved from apes. But there are, obviously, still apes. Full second-order logic is also incomplete. The comparison to Newcomb's Paradox suggests to me that this might be something that is susceptible to a Bayesian decision theoretic treatment. In the case of Newcomb's Paradox, it is often taken to divide Objective and Subjective Bayesian Epistemologists according to whether you endorse the one-box or two-box strategy, with objective bayesians advocating a one-box approach. Let S' be the result of extending S to include LRP. We can then modify the above proof into a formal proof of G within S': On the left branch (16l) we have the case in which the entity named by b does not exist at w2. Line 17l does the mirror of what we did for 15l, discharging the box at line 5 and breaking off the right conjunct. 18l and 19l represent the existential instantiation, introducing a new constant c, which we instantiate to y in the identity statement (18l) and assert that the entity named by c must exist at w2 (19l). Line 20l once again utilizes the necessity of identity (since b=a holds at @, it must hold at w2). Line 21l is a special case of Leibniz's Law or, if you prefer, exploiting the fact that identity is an equivalence relation (and so, since a is identical to b and c, we know that b must be identical to c, hence b=c is true at w2). Finally, 22l utilizes Leibniz's Law once more to substitute b for c in the statement at line 18l, yielding the assertion of the existence of the entity named by b at w2. This contradicts line 16l, closing this branch. The principle that intension determines extension, whereas the converse is not true, underlies the fact that [p 106:] Although it is conceivable that extensional definitions could also serve as techniques for theoretical and persuasive definitions (though this would be highly unusual), I do not understand the grey above, but do understand all else. Source: pp 152-153, A Concise Introduction to Logic (12 Ed, 2014) by Patrick J. Hurley The above does not appear fallacious, and instead appears to lack only a Suppressed Premise, which (when revealed) would validate the argument. What have I neglected? So without computers, from given premises (that may be long and convoluted), how can you conjecture, before deducing, the conclusion yourself? One must at least conjecture a conclusion before attempting any deduction or (dis)proof. In the 2 Logic textbooks read (the above and Hurley's), from the given premises, no exercise will ask you to determine the conclusion yourself; instead the textbook divulges the conclusion and then asks you to deduce it. But this is irrealistic; real life, one must determine conclusions oneself. The function of a precising definition is to clarify a vague word, and vagueness is a problem affecting intensional meaning. Because the intension is imprecise, the extension is indefinite. To attempt to render the intension precise by exactly specifying the extension (as with an extensional definition) would be tantamount to I am not sure that is about any transcendental nature of truth. But it is in its own way deep. It is about the fact that formal language does not contain or confer meaning, it only transfers a point of view from one person to another. This can be useful, but it cannot introduce meaning, it can only point at it. To the degree one can use (consciously or otherwise) Nonstandard Analysis of a Universal Algebra, basically without missing a beat, one is really handling only potential objects, some of which just happen to be real. We rely upon our emotional machinery to accommodate our experience and to come to give this signal of 'rightness' in the presence of appropriately logical deductions. But we expect the same of our other emotions when we learn to fear the sound of an oncoming car but not to be afraid of the dark. Effective fear that has served us appropriately seems equally 'right'.