Some hadiths about the matter: In the PDF, the steps of interpretation are mentioned as following: Conclusion So, one could interpret it in different ways. The most popular interpretation today is the first mentioned (expansion of Universe), the reason is clearly a subjective choice since it fits good with the Big Bang theory, proving the divinity of the Quran. (The reason I mention it to be subjective is because todays scholars/translators do not mention the traditional view.) Good to mention is that you will find older translations that actually translate the word to "expanding". Here is one example in Old Swedish, translated by Johan Fredrik Sebastian Crusenstolpe, year 1843 (which is before the Big Bang theory): This could be answered in different ways according to once understanding of the question. If you are looking for a statement in the Quran that directly, and with the literal words says for instance, "Follow the hadiths!". Then, the answer would be no, there are no such verses. Say: If you love Allah, then follow me, Allah will love you and forgive you your faults, and Allah is Forgiving, MercifuL Where do you find the word Quran? I see the Torah and the Gospel is mentioned but the Quran isn't. Scenario 3 Now, in the same situation as in scenario 2, EVEN THOUGH there are muslim candidates, you should still vote on the other party. Because, wasting your vote on the muslim candidate when they have no chance of winning (because the small number of muslims), will still make the racist party earn a higher vote rate (because the other parties loses your vote). So giving your vote to the other (non muslim, with deomcratic, and equal values) party, their vote rate will get higher, and at the same time the racist party's vote rate will become lower. It also seems that some extra detailed words are added which doesn't exist in our texts today, lets look at one other verse in surat Maryam: And the heaven We constructed with strength, and indeed, We are [its] expander. Just because a person doesn't understand a hadith doesn't mean it is wrong. We know that the prophets are sent with the message, and they are in at the same time the leader, mentor, and guide of their people. We should follow the prophet. How to understand what to follow is something else and another discussion. There are many hadiths out there that make no sense without the tools of understanding. Sometimes to truly understand a hadith you must need to understand Arabic (deeply), that includes figure speeches, expressions and much more. The context, to whom was this hadith said? Why? When? Where? It's something to leave to the experts. ... the wealthy according to his capability ... Also notice his translation of the word "Muslim" in Arabic in the verse after which he translates as "having surrendered himself unto God"