If you want to be active in a largely unmoderated forum that tolerates and even welcomes rudeness, you can always resort to YouTube and its comments section. Over time, reputation is going to become less and less reliable a way to do that. The voting system is easy to game, in many ways and shades. There are contributors rising "through the ranks" whose main motivation is not creating a high quality resource. They just post mediocre stuff in popular tags. Eventually, they will reach hundreds of thousands of rep. 

Let it spread from there, like a ponzi scheme, moderators trust-voting users, and those again trust-voting others - although maybe with less votes than the initial allotment that the moderators get. This would my favourite method of starting it because the feature would remain very low-key this way. Jon can't exceed the daily gap without a large number of accepted answers (which, along with bounties, are the only things that don't count towards the gap). To get accept marks, you'll have to keep on contributing. 

the "this is what your career should feel like" text is hovering above the water. Are you insinuating that my career is supposed to sink? Or that it is about to sink? 

I have also discovered the joys of the "very low quality" flag. With a 500+ flag weight, I find these are reacted upon quickly - kudos to the moderators for that. The renaming of sites that are currently in beta in order to change / extend their scope (Like "Graphic Design" to "Design") Edit: I am not necessarily suggesting making the "Fanatic" badge easier to get overall. As far as I'm concerned, it could be made harder to get in exchange for dropping the consecutive requirement. I'm just advocating a set of requirements whose fulfillment actually has a positive impact somewhere. the Careers logo looks like the reception bars on your mobile phone; the fact that there's six bars could make people from rural areas with bad reception feel inferior. Did anybody think of that when dreaming this up in their fancy New York office? 

Meta's "Hot" tab seems to be based on an algorithm that takes questions into account that are currently near the top, and picks out the hottest of them. 

Still, discouraging users from answering those questions feels against the spirit of SO. If a user feels called upon to answer what we think is a lazy-ass question, who are we to stop them? A Meta farewell without freehand circles? What's the world coming to? 

The last time I asked this on the old StackExchange 1.0 Meta some time last year, this was planned but not yet being implemented. As far as I understand the terms of CC-Wiki under which your post was published, it is a clear violation of the license. 

The box would have to be less tall, and the spring would have to be painted in a brighter orange gradient. But you get the idea. A user would become a trusted user when they receive enough votes of confidence, let's call them "trust votes", from other trusted users. A number of trust votes is required to make you a trused user, depending on how trusted the voters are. A moderator trust vote could make you trusted immediately. The algorithms used to calculate trustworthiness, and the threshold at which you yourself become trusted, would be secret. Votes of confidence would remain anonymous, so you never know how many people voted for you and who. As it stands, I don't think this is going to do good - it'll help a lot in the case of genuine crap of course, but it'll massively increase the number of unjustly closed contributions because it sends a huge mob (i.e. us) towards everything that got flagged. 

I would prefer a crowdsourced approach, because I fear a purely algorithmic solution will never cover enough dead content to actually make a difference. In the past few weeks, I have noticed a new trend: A considerable number of users having 4-digit reputations earned through a large number of mediocre, not-bad-enough-to-downvote-but-not-great-either, questions, with a small number of upvotes each. 

I suggest it be relaxed to something like "30 days out of 35" and "100 out of 110" respectively. 

In 3 years on Stack Overflow, almost all rudeness I have observed was of the destructive sort, with very few exceptions - one of them a user in the PHP tag who always knew his stuff, and was a godsend on a professional level, but also was so exceedingly abrasive that he was a net negative influence: where people started quabbling with him, any chance of reaching actual results was lost in the turmoil of emotion.