Incidentally, I don't think the plaintiffs in this case see it that way either. The whole point is to push for changes in Romania. There is nothing wrong with that as an activist tactic but I assume they fully expected it would be difficult and mostly want to put the issue on the agenda. 

So “full freedom of movement” does not mean absolute or without limitation but it means that Bulgarian and Romanian citizens are now finally able to enjoy this freedom of movement to the same extent than citizens from other EU nations, everywhere in the EU (but not in Switzerland yet as the bilateral agreements between the EU and Switzerland add another layer of complexity to all this). 

And processing an asylum application is not trivial. In theory, you are supposed to have translators available so that the person can communicate effectively and you need people who know the country where they come from to check their story (e.g. if they claim to come from a given city, you ask the name of a mountain next to the city, etc.) and of course the relevant rules and regulations. Even simply guards/police or personnel able to register the details of asylum seekers (without actually examining their application) have to be recruited and trained, which cannot happen overnight. 

And of course, it's somewhat easier to imagine breaking up federal states (although I would argue you underestimate the role of the central state is in a country like Germany and how strong the feeling of belonging to one's nation actually is) but in places like England or the Netherlands it's an even more radical project, the regional structures simply aren't there. 

On top of this fundamental principle, the 1992 Maastricht treaty created the notion of an EU citizenship and added a right to move and reside freely for economically non-active people, as laid out in article 21 (1) of the TFEU: 

This is part of a long-term effort to foster some European-wide debate and make this election about European issues, as opposed to purely national ones and generally make the EU more democratic and strive for something like a parliamentary regime, with a “cabinet” (the Commission) supported by a majority in parliament. Importantly, the Parliament is the one EU institution whose members are not named in some way by national governments (commissioners, EUCJ judges, members of the court of auditors, etc. are all named by each country's government). 

The reason is quite straightforward and you touch upon it in the question: There is still no consensus on same-sex marriage between EU member countries (just as there isn't on drug harm reduction policies, prostitution, gambling, euthanasia, abortion, or surrogacy). That's also why family and societal issues have always been national matters, which the EU only touches indirectly and to the extent necessary to implement other principles like freedom of movement. From that perspective, gay marriage isn't “just another contract”. 

(b) have sufficient resources for themselves and their family members not to become a burden on the social assistance system of the host Member State during their period of residence and have comprehensive sickness insurance cover in the host Member State; or 

Another little-known but quite important part of the Council is the COREPER (committee of permanent representatives or COmité des REprésentants PERmanents in French). The COREPER includes one representative per member state and is the place where news rules and changes to secondary law are discussed and negotiated, ahead of actual council meetings. 

But freedom of movement for workers is much more than that. For an employer, it's the guarantee they can hire any EU citizen without any special paperwork, delay or concern about being bitten by some rule or quota. For a (prospective) employee, it's the certainty that they can take a job in another EU country without giving up anything (that's actually still a work in progress in areas like pensions but that's the idea). You don't need to give your notice before you know whether you visa will come through and you can always come back to the country you left at some point in the future if you want to. 

It's really part of a broader trend: If you look at the evolution of the European Union, the last two major structural innovations, the euro and the Schengen area were initiated in the 1990s and presented as a take-it-or-leave-it package to the new members coming in the last three enlargements. Both the euro and Schengen area have been very contentious (if not outright failures) so there is little appetite for a big push towards more integration and, with 27/28 countries around the table, it's a lot more difficult to get an agreement on the way forward. 

Basically, the main reason is that it looks very ugly, a bit like a new iron curtain, pushing back people who actually come from a country at war and really are refugees. 

Finally, every EU citizen should be able to address the EU in one of its 24 official languages and the most important regulatory texts and some information material is also available in all these languages. The costs to make that happen are not insignificant but it's difficult to see how it could be otherwise. Even with a plan to create a common language in a few decades, it is a fact that a large part of the EU citizenry does not speak English or perhaps any other language than their mother tongue.