In international friendlies between two top (ie. not under 21s, under 17s, reserves, etc.) national teams, up to six substitutes may be used. If the goalkeeper allows the ball to bounce on the ground multiple times, most referees will consider it released and therefore free to be challenged for by an opponent. Note that there is no requirement for this offence to be committed against an opponent. This would include committing violent conduct (i.e. using excessive force) or unsporting behaviour (i.e. recklessness) against a teammate. IFAB Laws of the Game, 11.1 Offside Position: Nets only exist to make it clear to the refereeing team that the ball passed under the crossbar and between the post. They're not even required in the Laws, although most competitions will require them in their competition rules to make things easier for the refereeing team. From page 11, 2014/15 FIFA Laws of the Game: If an offside-positioned, attacking player off the field somehow manages to interfere with an opponent (I see this as fairly unlikely), an indirect free kick is awarded on the field of play, closest to where the offence occurred. This is demonstrated on p. 38 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game: Return Substitutions The use of return substitutions is only permitted in the lowest levels grassroots/recreational) of football, subject to the agreement of the member association concerned. He stops play, cautions the player for unsporting behaviour and restarts play with an indirect free kick. When a goal has been scored but the ball appears still to be in play, the assistant referee must first raise his flag to attract the referee’s attention then continue with the normal goal procedure of running quickly 25-30 metres along the touch line towards the halfway line. This is no longer contained in the present text of the Laws, but was last seen in the 2006 FIFA Q&A to the Laws of The Game, p.30: If the referee is not informed, or if no agreement is reached before the match, no more than six substitutes are allowed. When a goal has been scored and there is no doubt about the decision, the referee and assistant referee must make eye contact and the assistant referee must then run quickly 25-30 metres along the touch line towards the halfway line without raising his flag. This is nothing more than a poor tactic. Neither of these players can really do anything of significance until the ball has been deliberately played (other than a deliberate save) by an opponent or goes out of play. Until this happens, they're effectively leaving their team short by two players. This would include offside, which in Law 11, is considered as an "offence". If the ball merely deflected off the defender (as is implied by your question and the use of the word ricocheted), an offside offence has been committed. The attacker is penalised for gaining an advantage by being in that position by playing a deflection off an opponent. If you consider that he's interfering while being offside, than give the offside No it's a technical offence, a bit like persistently taking a throw-in incorrectly, which you wouldn't caution for either The hands and arms of all players, including the goalkeepers, are not considered. The only exception to this would be if the action was reckless or excessive enough to make it misconduct (i.e. a cautionable or sending-off offence) This free-kick offence is listed in Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct, Section 2 - Indirect Free Kick: The restart location is no longer a point of contention, as this has been simplified in the 2016/17 Laws: In summary, a single bounce of the ball is not enough to relinquish possession. Before the ball can be challenged for by an opponent, the keeper must have let it bounce away and no longer be able to either kick it (ie. a drop kick) or regather it in their hands or arms before it strikes the ground for a second time. From page 72 of FIFA's 2013-2014 Laws of The Game: When it appears that an attacker is going to play a ball and other attackers are close to being offside, the assistant referee will focus on the offside line and use their peripheral vision to judge when the ball is last played. This is completely legal, provided it is done in a manner in which it is still possible to safely challenge for the ball or there are no opponents nearby. This is done to avoid unnecessary collisions between attackers and defenders (particularly the goalkeeper), and large delays in having to bring the ball back to where the attacker was positioned when the ball was played for the free kick when it's completely obvious an offside offence is about to occur. If he does it again, do it again The indirect free kick is taken from the place where the offence occurred (see Law 13 – Position of free kick).