Am I correct in thinking that established academic philosophers don't take non-Abrahamic Western religions in general and neopagan religions in particular seriously? If this is the case, what are the reasons? Other than number of adherents, are there any epistemic grounds for taking Christianity or Hinduism more seriously than Wicca? Have any academic philosophers engaged with neopagan beliefs? Has anyone examined neopagan ideas from either ethical or ontological perspectives? Or have they tried to critically deconstruct them, going beyond a mere dismissal of them as being fiction or an interesting social trend? Based on the horse whip analogy you mentioned, one would think that the musicians were loosing a source of income that they've depended on forever, but that is not the case. The royalties model is a fluke that a select few who were born in the right time and right place took advantage of, and now, because of streaming, things are going to go back to the way they always have been. The reason why I think Russell's monism is relevant to your question, is that the only way it would make sense to speak of a "real" ontology of properties is if one takes the stance that the fundamental constituents of nature are relations, not substances - see also structural realism. Then it becomes possible for different classes of relations (according to different levels of complexity) to have distinct "real" ontologies. To put another way: if relations are what the world is really made of, then differences between classes of relations are ontologically real differences, not mere abstract differences as you put it. For Greek, the source is Heidegger's lecture Was ist das - die Philosophie (1955); see page 45. Gérard Genette, Paratexts : Thresholds of Interpretation (1997 - original French ed.Seuils, 1987). A quite authoritative source can be Aristotle... Consider this analogy: numbers are used to count "things". Thus, what is the number 0 ? What does it mean to count "no things" ? See also : Palimpsests : Literature in the Second Degree (1997 - original French ed.1982). See Peter Smith, An Introduction to Formal Logic (2003), page 1 : The core of this definition is the notion of “resulting of necessity” (ex anankês sumbainein). This corresponds to a modern notion of logical consequence: X results of necessity from Y and Z if it would be impossible for X to be false when Y and Z are true. We could therefore take this to be a general definition of “valid argument”. Interseting, but debatable ... The weakness in the definition lies in this notion of correspondence. How do we know when two elements correspond? The cups and saucers in a collection of cups standing in their saucers have an obvious correspondence, but what is the correspondence between, say, the planets and the Muses? It is no use saying that even if there is no patent correspondence between the planets and the Muses, we can easily establish one, for how do we know this, and, what is more important, what sort of correspondence do we allow? In defining number in terms of similarity we have merely replaced the elusive concept of number by the equally elusive concept of correspondence. We can say that noumenon is the "limiting case" of a "thing" devoided of all "properties" (what we ascribe to it following our phenomenal experience). Having established its existence and basic property, the emptyset has a central role in the theory (see e.g. Von Neumann construction of the natural numbers). In the same way, having assumed the concept of set (a collection of things), we can easily imagine the "limiting case" of a set without elements; with the basic axioms for sets (specifically : the Extensionality axiom) we can prove that all empty sets are equals, and thus speak of the empty set. For a detailed comparison, you can see: See also Met, 1046b: there is one part of the soul that is rational (has logos). The "things" posited as the source of those interactions is the noumenon: it is completely unknowable to humans. In Kantian philosophy, the unknowable noumenon is often linked to the unknowable "thing-in-itself" (Ding an sich). Certain kinds of animals possess in addition the power of locomotion, and still others, i.e. man and possibly another order like man or superior to him, the power of thinking and thought. So, the answer is: perhaps indirectly, it says so. And this is the source of troubles : where are numbers ? where are sets ? See also Ernest LePore & Sam Cumming, Meaning and Argument : An Introduction to Logic Through Language (2nd ed - 2009), page 5 : But, and this is the point of view shared by some "distinguished philosophers which have studied the philosophy of mathematics, like Frege and Russell, and currently debated under the headings of Naturalism and Indispensability argument, can we "make sense" of all mathematical science only considering it some sort of "formal game" deprived of any reference ? Cartesian philosophy may have laid the ‘first principles’ for the conclusions that Spinoza draws in Parts Four and Five of the Ethics, but the doctrines that we find embedded in the propositions of those parts are a response to a far different tradition, one that has as its most prominent members the medieval Jewish philosophers Maimonides and Gersonides.