Also, we know that TV audiences get heavily invested in particular actors and in particular characters and their relationships, creating a strong appetite for more stories with the same characters and the same actors, again favoring an episodic format. That what good writing is, a collection of ideas and images that cluster round a central point and illustrate its nature, its shape, and its importance. Often, though, authors will rush this part of the telling. Far from getting the reader to the interesting parts quicker, this means that the story never gets interesting at all because the essential ground of love has never been established and thus there are no moral stakes in any of the action that follows. The rushed opening is boring because it is not allowing the reader to experience the love the protagonist has for place and people. Unfortunately, the common response to being told that these passages are boring is to cut them back further, which further weakens the ground of the entire story. EDIT: If your characters are simply stupid, on the other hand, you face a more fundamental challenge. Stories are built around aspiration and endeavour. At their heart is a choice between conflicting values. The protagonist wants something, and, as the story progresses, they meet increasing levels of resistance to the achievement of their desire until at last they must make a fundamental choice, pay a significant price, by giving up one value to achieve another. Mixing dialogue and action is a technique that has certain effects. I think in many cases they are not the effect the writer was striving for. This is based on many years of reading unpublished manuscripts in critique groups and trying to figure out what was not working for me about them, and then trying to contrast these not-working passages from working passages in published books. If your characters are all stupid, too stupid to put together a few coherent sentences, it is hard to imagine them having the capability to anticipate the consequences of their actions, and thus hard to build a hero's arc for any of them. There is perhaps some way to build a satire out of such a situation (think Idiocracy for example) but it is hard to see how you do a hero's journey. And if you can't do that, that is going to do far more to make your story dull than the simplistic use of language. The novelist has the exact opposite problem. They can't show the reader a picture or play them a sound. They can only present them a sequence of words. The reader's attention is always on the current word. If you want the reader to see or hear a scene, you have to enable them to build that picture for themselves in their own minds. Part of the necessary economy of prose is the most of the images the reader sees and the sounds they hear will come from their own imaginations, their existing stock of images and experiences. You are using your words not to paint the whole scene, but to provoke the reader's imagination into building the picture for themselves, something you can often do with just a few well placed words. Have you ever noticed that the Shire is the only place in LOTR that feels like a real place. The rest of Middle Earth feels like painted sets by comparison; all absurdly high mountains and absurdly dark woods. The shire is a hymn to the pre-industrial English countryside that Tolkien loved. It is what he knew and what he loved; the rest is merely what he imagined. The best writing in the entire work is set in the Shire. It is the little jewel of reality that makes the rest of what is a rather overblown and fanciful tale vital, alive, and beloved. The lack of something similar is why so few of Tolkien's direct imitators achieved anything like his success. But when you use the form in question (I don't know if it has a formal name either), you suggest that the first action is actually the one we should be paying the most attention to, or at least that it merits equal and continuing attention. For a film director, therefore, mixing dialogue and action makes perfect sense. The viewer can see the action and hear the speech at the same time, just like they do in real life, and the combination of the two helps keep the viewer's eye focussed on the right part of the screen.