I consider myself to be firmly in the atheist camp. None of the arguments for the existence of a higher being or prime mover convince me, let alone attempts at proving the existence of the old God of the Bible and Quran. 

The concept is best described by Frank Jackson's color blind scientist thought experiment: A scientist knows everything there is to know about the color red from physics, optics and neuroscience, but is color blind, and so she doesn't know what it's actually like to see the color red. If we then somehow repaired her vision so that she can now see colors, and let her see the color red, she would learn something new about red that she didn't know before, despite all of her previous knowledge about the physics and biology involved. This additional knowledge she gains is the qualia of seeing red. 

It is it possible to substitute thinking with intention, and use that as a neo-Cartesian proof for the existence of self? 

For a materialist this isn't a problem, since mental states are in the same category as eyes or wings or whatever advanced anatomical provides and evolutionary advantage to the species. 

What is particularly interesting about this is that it demonstrates continuity with the ideas of Anaxagoras, Aristotle and Augustine that the mind has a certain nature which is incompatible with the objects of perception. Therefore, according to the philosophy of Aquinas, there must be an adaptation from the physical to the phantasm and finally to the intelligible species. He supports this idea with the argument that intelligible species have to have the same mode of existence as the human intellect: 

However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: 

He asserts the following in regard to these differences: 

Ǝx[Ǝy[Cx & Dxy & ~Fxy)]] An important difference between my counter example and Putnam's airplane example is that mine is more closely related to the idea of communication, which makes it more relevant for the sort of functionality that is necessary for information systems. Like a string of Christmas lights, it's often the case that a single break in a line of communication can render it useless. 

But from what I see the biggest developments in philosophy of mind in the 20th century seem to stem either from an general empiricist epistemology driven by the successes of the hard-sciences (type-identity physicalism, eliminativism, behaviorism, etc...) or from advances in computer science and information theory (Functionalism, CTM, Self-Representational theories of consciousness, etc...). 

The ability for self observation was used in interesting ways by philosophers. 

Can qualia be an argument for the type identity theory of mind? Why does the existence of qualia imply the existence of a seprate non physical mental substance? 

The concept is best described by Frank Jackson's color blind scientist thought experiment: A scientist knows everything there is to know about the color red from physics, optics and neuroscience, but is color blind, and so she doesn't know what it's actually like to see the color red. If we then somehow repaired her vision so that she can now see colors, and let her see the color red, she would learn something new about red that she didn't know before, despite all of her previous knowledge about the physics and biology involved. This additional knowledge she gains is the qualia of seeing red. 

My knowledge of Kant is peripheral, but from the answers I am getting on the philosophy SE to some of my questions, he seems to have made serious contributions to philosophy of mind, at least as important as those of Desacartes. Especially with regards to freewill. mental causation, and to dualism in general. 

The form which inheres in the mind. (See: IV Sententia d. 49, q. 2, a. 1.) 

In response to your questions: 

The forms abstracted from their appearances and thus free from any material existence. 

Both Descartes and Malebranche were influenced by Augustine, so it should come as no big surprise that there are similarities in their views concerning the body and soul. Like Anaxagoras and Aristotle, Augustine presents another version of the sui generis argument, maintaining that the soul must be distinct in nature from that which is represented in consciousness. Augustine's argument appeals to the fact that sensation must be adequately suited to "spiritual vision" (visio spiritalis), as opposed to "bodily vision" (visio corporalis), in order for it to be intelligible: 

Thomas Aquinas was strongly influenced by Aristotle, and the influence of Augustine is evident in his work as well. Aquinas continues with Aristotle's idea of the mind taking on the forms of physical objects. In Aquinas' account, the idea of forms is used in three different senses: