3) Directing: Leading the team trough the process from the beginning till the end. I learned in my studies the basic dimentions of management for any kind of situation: 

1) Planning: What are you going to do and with what kind of ressources. My point of view is that any kind of project should have only a project manager, no other manager like a scrum master for example. In the Scrum model, I feel they divided in 2 or more the tasks of the project manager unnecessarily. It is a receipy for autority conflicts to my point of view based on my experience. In most of the answers I read, many argue that the project manager does not have the time to micro manage the team. So we need a Scrum master to manage the team and the project manager takes the more major responsabilities like communicating with clients, etc. I never acted that way. I always managed completely the team I was responsable of. I would never implement a scrum, I would feel limited in what I want to do and how to do it. 

Emails or planification sofwares should be used to do regular repetitive tasks to help the project manager do something else instead: manage his team and building a team spirit. It is a very personal view based on my own experience. 

I have learned to trust my own abilities, as all of us, and those of my team members, especially on innovating and getting the job done in time but mostly on agreeing together on how to do it. I have so much fun working that way. "Should a process be put in place?" Yes. Even with a team of two I've found that it is useful to put a process in place. To tell the truth, I put a process in place when the team size is 1 (just me). I make mistakes, and process is one of the tools I use to compensate for my fallibility. 

I'm accountable to my stakeholders that if there are problems that threaten scope, schedule, quality or budget, that I'll work with the internal stakeholders to find solutions. Note that I'm accountable to both my internal stakeholders/team members and to my external stakeholders (customers, management, families, etc.) I owe it to my team to work with them to find the best solution (most effective, least painful). Interdependence Success involves analyzing those factors, and working with the project team to develop alternatives to mitigate the effects of the unknown. Where relevant you're also obliged to inform the stakeholders. Also recognize that this is another case of "the plan is without value, but the planning is without price". If you and your team get together to devise a process, even if that process is never consulted, the exercise of collectively designing the process will result in both team improvements and process improvements. 

If you want to manage the people, then The Effective Manager, by Mark Horstman is my recommendation. He also has a free podcast series with the same content at ManagerTools.com. Project Managers are no different than any other knowledge workers. 

Trust first, trust last: This boils down to relationship. There are three key powers in the work place, Role, Expertise and Relationship (You see seven listed in many texts, but they can all be traced to these core three). You don't have role power, even if you did, you have to be very careful and judicious with it. Expertise power is very hard to pull off as a PM. Even if you started as an Engineer, you are not one now and it doesn't take long for the Engineers to think "he's out of touch." 

I applaud you on understanding that even when we lack authority, we need to take responsibility. It is a tough road for a PM to walk and full of challenges. It can be done.