He was out for a duck in a match against Australia. He was out for first ball duck in that match(c & b Bollinger). It was played at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth on 23 October 2011. That was the second ODI of the series which SA won by 80 runs. So you are correct, white balls swings more than the red balls during the first half of innings. Here is the score card of that match. Usually the fielder is placed at an angle and I don't remember any captains using this fielding position. You can see all the rules here. There was also an attempt to experiment with some other colors as well as mentioned in the wiki: The major reason for using white ball in ODI and T20 is that many of those matches were happening as Day & Night matches and it was very difficult to spot the red ball under floodlights. Cricket balls were traditionally red and test matches still use that(Compared to red ball, white balls deteriorates more quickly and hence red balls are more suitable for test matches). In non limited overs cricket (i.e. 5 day test match cricket or 4 day 'First class' cricket), there are almost no restrictions on where fielders can be positioned, the only restriction being a limit of two players behind square on the leg side. You will sometimes see situations in which every fielder, apart from the wicket keeper, is on the boundary. This is sometimes known as a 'ring field'. Typically you would see this if a top order batter is batting with a tail-ender. The bowling team wants to stop the batter scoring boundaries, but are happy for them to score a single bringing the tail-ender on strike who they have a better chance of getting out. On the other hand, if it is senior cricket then players can do as they wish. If you are batting and you feel that you are endangering a fielder, remember that is what they want you to think. The whole point of fielding so close is not to actually take a catch ( you don't need to be so close to do so) but to toy with the batter's mind. If the position of the fielder is worrying you, then the fielder is doing their job. Focus on your own job and let the fielder worry about their safety. Remember that the bowler is sprinting in and putting all their might into bowling a hard object as hard as possible at your head. The bowler doesn't want to hurt you as such, but your safety is none of their concern. You should have the same attitude about fielders. However, according to Law 2.5 (Fielder absent or leaving the field), she/he may not return without the consent of the umpire (which will be given as soon as possible). If she/he does so and touches the ball while in play, the umpire will award penalty runs under Law 2.6 (Player returning without permission): Law 37 does, however, give some further information about some specific instances where the batsman may be dismissed under this law: section 3 deals with "obstructing a ball from being caught", and section 4 with "returning the ball to a fielder". 2) DRS may improve the balance between bat and ball Whilst urging caution in drawing conclusions too hastily, Richardson replied, in response to the suggestion that DRS should encourage batsman to use their bats more (because of the increase in LBW decisions): If you are a beginner, I would advise against solely focussing your efforts on one discipline. By all means start with batting, since you have experience in a racket sport; however, you may also find you have ability as a bowler. The more "strings to your bow", the better! To my mind though, a mishapen ball would be more likely to assist the fielding side: I would have hypothesised that an uneven ball is likely to bounce and swing unpredictably.