Pin your faith to supernatural knowledge and stumble through a darkness deeper still. But they needn't have worried, current set theorists have considered large cardinal axioms that go far, far beyond the kind of infinities envisaged by Cantor. And still there is territory far, far beyond what they have currently surveyed. In a way, considering the territory yet to cover, it's as almost as though we've never even come out of the safe shelter of the finite. That their arguments are taken seriously is due to the high visibility & success of the Physicalist project in its manifold forms. This does not mean that it is correct. Popper suggested that theories progress by falsification. I'm proposing once we reach a 'true' theory, by definition it will not be falsifiable by definition. Of course only some 'Oracle' can verify this by comparing the 'true' underlying mathematical reality to the one we've reached by our unaided efforts. (Note that I am putting the word true in quotes as I'm not sure what true means in these circumstances.) Is it then love - Number Theory being the material incarnation of a mathematicians embrace and adoration of Number? One also notes that Hume gleefully applies the new critical spirit endemic to the then new science to empirical phenomena to deny cause & effect and stall the scientific project. It took Kant to restart it by injecting human consciousness into the world and distinguishing a phenomenal realm where science can happen and the noumenal realm on which we have no purchase. To suppose science has the answer for everything, is to make the same mistake when people thought that theology has the answer for everything. One must make a judgement, as well as understand different kinds of knowledge are possible, when we interpret knowledge in the broadest possible way. You've already noticed that there are some utilitarian arguments against some kinds of cases, based on risk of the unknown. But it's also clear that those don't apply to all cases. As for arguments that apply to only some cases, and yet still don't get humans involved, some are ecological, but another kind of argument focuses on the experience of the created being, where an animal is mixed with another species. It might be fun to try to add bat wing genetic material to monkeys to see if you can generate flying monkeys. But there is a real risk of creating a hybrid creature (sometimes called a chimera) whose experience of living is terrible, because it turns out wrong. Indeed, because this is such a complicated process and genetic and developmental processes are so intricate, we would likely have to create a lot of hybrids before one succeeded, and these animals might suffer considerably. Yet, this sort of argument only applies to animals, not plants or other species. Still, such arguments are worth taking seriously, I think. One of the characteristics of the institution of science is normal science, and normal science involves puzzle-solving. Puzzle-solving is what you may be remembering as the typical activity of the institution of science. It is the characteristic activity of normal science, on Kuhn's view. Not all science is a matter of puzzle-solving, though, since some scientific activity is revolutionary—reevaluating the basic assumptions about what the major questions and puzzles for the discipline are. Just a suggestion rather than a definitive interpretation of her meaning: The semantic (which is to say, related to meaning) and justificatory connections among our beliefs produce a hierarchy, where some sentences are more fundamental than others, in so far as others are based on them. Quine would have us think about these more fundamental beliefs as being at the core of our web of belief. Beliefs about logic and mathematics, for instance, are beliefs one which nearly all other justified beliefs are ultimately based. Laws of nature depend on those more fundamental beliefs, but are only slightly less fundamental. Then, as we build out from this core to the periphery of the web of belief, we find at its edges sentences which depend on many others, but on which few or no other beliefs depend. On the very edge of the web might be beliefs about ordinary observations, like that a donut costs $1.79 at the store nearest me. Is this a gesture (of fellowship) towards the experiment in scientific practice? Certainly we have such experiments in scientific discourse (as opposed to practice) Maxwell's demon, Schrödinger's cat & Turing's test. Which might beg the question, why do away with it first to return to a classical conception of physical ontology? But they needn't have worried, current set theorists have considered large cardinal axioms that go far, far beyond the kind of infinities envisaged by Cantor. And still there is territory far, far beyond what they have currently surveyed. In a way, considering the territory yet to cover, it's as almost as though we've never even come out of the safe shelter of the finite. This already shows that Hippolyte is well-informed about about the structure of Einsteins theory in a broad-based way. But what can he mean by saying that it doesn't belong to any of the experimenters who live the experience? How can a metric belong to anyone? The spacetime metric is a mathematical fiction it belongs to no-one. Further we do not live and experience spacetime but live and experience space and time. These ideas are distinct - they would have to be, otherwise Minkowski wouldn't have had to invent spacetime. Again, this is not so simple. We have classical logic from the time of Aristotle which affirmed the law of the excluded middle, (but he noted that this didn't hold for future events), this was eventually formalised as boolean logic, but Brouwer advocated intuitionistic logic that doesn't (his supervisor advised him to establish his reputation in some traditional area before advocating such startling views). People are now researching logics where the law of non-contradiction doesn't hold, where time and modality is taken into account, and so on.