In layman's terms, fornication is often used as an allegory for idolatry. In the same way people are unfaithful to spouses by fornicating in the usual sense of the word, idolatry is "cheating on" God. "[God] will render to each one according to his deeds" (Romans 2:6). (1) that it cannot mean that he literally divested himself of his divine nature and perfections, for that was impossible. He could not cease to be omnipotent, and omnipresent, and most holy, and true, and good. And as God is not a liar, there could not have been a total Apostacy. This answer would also hold true for proponents of the gap theory, day-age theory, and others. The beginning is the beginning regardless of how long it's been since then. A person cannot repent if they are put to death, so this clearly cannot be stating that we are to put the sinner to death. 

whatsoever ye do, work heartily, as unto the Lord, and not unto men; knowing that from the Lord ye shall receive the recompense of the inheritance: ye serve the Lord Christ. (Col 3:23-25). Calvin put the same thought this way: 

http://www.wor.org/Books/p/Paraking.htm These, and a whole slew of other commentaries are available at http://bible.cc/philippians/2-7.htm It is referring to Amniotic fluid, at least according to the sermons we hear in our Baptist Church. 

"God is not unjust to forget your work and labor of love which you have shown toward His name, in that you have ministered to the saints, and do minister" (Hebrews 6:10). 

Being born of water refers to natural birth, which everyone goes through and being born of the spirit refers to the gift of the Holy Spirit imparted at the time of salvation. 

I don't think that we can say for sure. I think that this particular verse could apply to just about any time in history. Rumors of wars could mean any fear of a coming war, including the cold war. 

And Acts 20:29 is understood to be speaking of those who claim to be Christian, but preach a false gospel, which has been happening since the early Church, and continues to this day. It does not speak of a total Apostasy, it speaks of people being led from Truth into false doctrines. 

In fact most of the things foretold in Matthew 24 have happened since His time - false messiahs, nation rising against nation, famine, pestilence, earthquakes, Christians being persecuted, killed, and hated for their faith, and so on. Of course, there are likely to be several different meanings attributed to this, but the most common is the one that you posted - that He took on the humble nature of a servant. However, to most reformed theologians, this is not the case. A deeper study of the original Greek, as well as application of sound principles of interpretation clears this up. The fact that there is not a definitive answer to this question, and that it could apply to any time in history is perfectly within Biblical teaching, since Jesus Himself said that no man would know when the coming of these times are. 

Some other references that point to Paradise being a temporary place, distinct from the final Heaven promised to those who have been saved: 

14 But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.... 20 Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols. 

Given that without Christ creation cannot exist, and given that Christ was sent to earth to save the elect of God, and given that eventually all will be made right at His second coming, the "all things" Paul references truly are "all things" (not all people, though, as some are not elected to be saved and are instead, like the Devil and his angels, condemned to eternal punishment). 

Likewise, in the introduction of Revelation a blessing is pronounced upon the reader and the hearer. God has distinct persons making up His one self - Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. 

The bible was written - yes, if you had been born deaf, you may have only been minimally literate 2000 years ago. However, there were also many cases of folks becoming deaf with age, who earlier were not, and who were still at least somewhat literate. Literally believing a deaf person cannot be saved, I believe with the larger context of scripture, is wrong. The greater context of the immediate passage, let alone the rest of the letter to Colossae, describes Christ's matchlessness, His supremity, etc. 

We also read a similar account in the Gospel according to John at 12:3 (RSECV) 

Genesis 1:26, New International Version (NIV) reads: " Mary took a pound of costly ointment of pure nard and anointed the feet of Jesus and wiped his feet with her hair; and the house was filled with the fragrance of the ointment." 

My question is: According to Roman Catholicism, why did Jesus not name the rich man? Was it in order to convey a message that His affinity was more towards the humble underdogs than towards the proud rich? But, nowhere in the Gospels is Jesus addressed as Immanuel—directly or indirectly. It appears to me that that the word with its literal meaning implies more of an attribute than a name. So, what is the Catholic view on Jesus having been given the name Immanuel? 

This is the first instance in Genesis in which God addresses Himself as "us". Was God the Father addressing both the Holy Spirit and the Son, or was He addressing only the Holy Spirit of whom mention is made at Genesis 1:2? 

What is the Catholic interpretation of the phrase "until an opportune time"? We do not find explicit reference to Jesus getting tempted by the devil after the temptations in the wilderness. Is it that the devil was looking for opportunities, but did not find any? Or, is it that Jesus was frequently tempted to desert His mission all throughout His public life and on the cross? What are the Catholic teachings on such possibilities?