When exactly Lehmann began being called Boof I do not know. It's possible that it was his nickname long before he became a successful cricketer. It is normal among groups of male friends in Australia for everyone to have a nickname that gets used far more than their real name. This is why all players in the Australian team always get a nickname, it's simply part of Australian culture. 

The other convention that does not appear explicitly in the rules but is always adhered to is that spin bowlers may not use any tape or covering on their bowling hand. This is because tape would allow a much better grip on the ball allowing the bowler to impart much more spin than otherwise. It is also a matter of conditioning since spin bowling a lot of overs leads to blistering and even bleeding at the point of contact between the fingers and the ball. It is part of the art of spin bowling to build up the toughness of the hand to cope with this, rather than covering it with tape. I just want to get them to the level where they can bowl seam up at a spinners pace and simply get the ball on the pitch consistently. I need some tips on how to coach someone to be able to get the basics of a bowling action correct; get you body position and motion right, produce a consistent release etc. Does anyone have any experience and success doing this? 

Many different bowlers, both finger and wrist spinners, have used different techniques to bowl backspinners over the years and these deliveries go by different names such as sliders, zooters, the teesra and some finger spinners 'arm ball' is basically a backspinner. 

Fielding the ball A fielder may field the ball with any part of his person but if, while the ball is in play he wilfully fields it otherwise, (a) the ball shall become dead and 5 penalty runs shall be awarded to the batting side. See Law 42.17 (Penalty runs). The ball shall not count as one of the over. 

In my indoor cricket team, there are a couple of players who are new to cricket not having played as a child or teenager. They are reasonable athletes and have picked up fielding and batting quickly (fortunately batting in indoor cricket requires a far narrower range of shots than in summer cricket). However, their bowling is diabolical. It is not uncommon to have most of the balls off the pitch in a given over (fortunately wides and no-balls do not have to be re-bowled in indoor cricket, although they score 3 runs each). In any case, for the purpose of this question the indoor/summer cricket distinction is moot. The basics of the skill are the same. Generally speaking, a swing bowler will try and 'pitch the ball up' landing the ball closer to the batter. This is because it allows more time in the air for swing to occur, and makes the batter more likely to play a straight bat shot (such as a drive) that might cause them to misplay the ball and get out if they don't pick up the swing. On the other hand, a seamer will generally pitch the ball a little shorter in order to hit the pitch harder (i.e. have a more vertical impact) in order to get more out of any deviation off the pitch. 

I have tried to offer some pointers to help, however bowling is such an unnatural action for the body to do that I really don't know where to start when someone just looks like a frog in a blender. I've been able to help people in the past improve their bowling by correcting some minor flaws, but I can't work out how to effectively help someone who has no idea of the basics. Kids seem to be able to pick this up much more quickly and can do it on their own for the most part, but it seems trying to pick it up as an adult is much more difficult. 

The rules are very clear, the wicket keeper is the only player allowed to wear gloves. All other players would incur a 5 run penalty every time they touched the ball while wearing gloves. This includes for instance taking off your hat in order to use it to catch the ball (I have seen this done in a park cricket match!). 

In junior cricket, the (adult) coaches and umpires have a responsibility to ensure player safety and should (and in my experience typically do) intervene to prevent players putting themselves in unnecessary danger in this fashion. In Australia at least, over the last 5-10 years the wearing of protective equipment by junior players has become universal due to an increased desire for player safety. 

Note that the point about protection for the hand or fingers has been the source of some minor controversy over the years. Cricketers frequently injure their fingers while fielding and will often be seen with fingers taped up or two fingers taped together to protect a damaged finger. Usually this is permitted without any comment as it can actually make fielding harder. However, some players have at times gone a bit over the top and used sports tape to such an extent that they may as well be wearing a glove. As the law above suggests, it is up to the Umpires to judge if the tape being used is only what is required for a specific injury or is being used to gain an advantage. 

No, both of these players are finger spinners and both right handers (so can unambiguously be described as bowling offbreaks). They in fact have, in relative terms, similar actions. They are among the few 'traditional' off spinners left in the game at the International level, in that they both only bowl the regular offspinner and the arm ball, but no schmancy doosras or caroom balls that most 'finger spinners' tend to bowl these days.