Short Answer: The premier abolitionist organization in the decades leading up to the American Civil war was "The American Anti Slavery Society". By 1838, the society had 1,350 local charters with around 250,000 members. They had held a convention in 1833 and wrote a declaration of beliefs. It calls for the immediate abolition of slavery without terms, and was critical of the efforts of the American Colonization Society. American Colonization Society was resettling free blacks to Liberia. 

There were several prominent bombings and murders conducted by the Klan in 1967 but these were targeting the civil rights movement and its functionaries. This is not to say interracial couples experienced no prejudice. It’s likely most avoided the south knowing the possible consequences. Those who did not and experienced the consequences would likely be chalked up to general rampant racism rather than Klan activity. 

Eaton had run away from home at 16 to join the colonial army. He had risen to officer under Washington. Had made and lost a fortune. He had been a spy master for President Adams who had helped thwart a Spanish invasion of Georgia. Now Adams would send William Eaton a "Man of Action" on a diplomatic mission to Tunisia, to the Barbary Pirates where he would get in all sorts of trouble. 

This guy's clothing is pretty interesting- he's got an army-issue parka, but quite nonstandard headgear and what appear to be pressed dark trousers. It's possible that he's wearing the old green service uniform under the parka, but then he should be wearing a tie, which I don't see evidence of. Maybe an off-duty staff soldier on a tour of the countryside? Hard to say, given the available info. 

Standardized nametapes weren't a thing in the Army until at least the mid-50s, I believe, so this photo was taken after both the Korean War and the occupation of Japan ended. The shapka and parka imply a colder climate, and that plus the architecture of that house (note especially the curved roofline) means my best guess is that this was taken in Korea. 

Edit2: As Jammin4CO found, there's a spot viewable on google maps a few hundred meters north of 52SCG064953 that almost exactly matches the photo: link 

Edit: I think I found the location referred to- 064953 is near the NE corner of a 100k grid square, so I checked the MGRS map for Korea, and there's one square with the NE corner near the DMZ. I figured that was the likeliest candidate, so I checked it out, and 064953 is right next to a town called Imjin-ri, in a hilly area overlooking a river. It's not 100%, but I bet that's the spot. 

Where the German Army relied on horse-drawn logistical support for the entire war, most likely due to the extreme scarcity of valuable gasoline and diesel fuel, the Allied armies were much more mobile due to being able to relocate support troops, supplies and headquarters units forward much more quickly. This can be seen in the speed of the Allied advance across France after Avranches and Falais. 

This makes use of the registration symbol highly recommended under U.S. law, but in many European jurisdictions failure to use the registration symbol is deemed to be an abandonment of the mark. 

1700 B. E. Dict. Cant. Crew, Crimp: one that undertakes to unload a ship of coals 

M. COULONDRE, French Ambassador in Berlin, to M. GEORGES BONNET, Minister for Foreign Affairs. Berlin, May 7, 1939. 

It seems clear that al parties concerned, even the victims, were aware of Russian intentions - any that accepted Hitler's bond need merely have noted the value of that bond to Czechoslovakia for an assessment of its worth. 

Churchill goes on in that chapter with extensive quotations from Parliament's debate on May 19 [1939] directly addressing the need to form a binding mutual-defense pact with the Soviet Union before Germany did, in order to secure British and French interests in Eastern Europe, in regards to both Poland and Rumania. Both his own and Lloyd George's words are featured prominently. 

All in all, I find it no coincidence that the Navy carriers spent as much time as possible at sea instead of Pearl, especially as tensions with Japan increased. 

However, the nature of the allegations made concerning Byrnes' involvement in the Hiroshima and Nagasaki decisions seem to involve more manipulation of Truman than influencing. The distinction I make between these terms is that influencing involves the presentation of all available knowledge accompanied with a strong but balanced argument in favour of a preferred decision; manipulation involves the presentation of only knowledge and evidence in support of the preferred decision, resulting in a biased and unbalanced argument being presented. Byrnes' preference for manipulation rather than influencing of Truman seems to have been the cause of their falling out in 1947. In this light, and given the facts noted in papers such as this one, my conclusion is that Byrnes' engaged in much more manipulation of Truman than influencing of him; but that given his personality, Truman would never-the-less stick by his decision. 

1769 Defoe's Tour Gt. Brit. II 131 The Brokers of these Coals are called Crimps: the Vessels they load their Ships with at Newcastle, Keels. 

In closing, recall the vast number of landing craft that the Allies, and particularly the U.S., employed throughout World War Two in both major theatres. These are, in essence, floating Armoured Personnel Carriers. The use of precious production capacity in their manufacture instead of simpler tracked APC's seems, to me, eminently reasonable.