Because shark meat was cheap, he would buy it all the time. The kids and I didn't like shark, and we told him that (politely) many times. But it was cheap, so he continued to buy it and serve it. 

You say, this is so not him. Maybe he didn't cheat then. As Becuzz said, the first thing to do is to get your son's side of the story. Teachers are not perfect; no one is. Though they may give the student the benefit of the doubt, some may not in an iffy situation. Once you've gotten your son's side of what happened, you can decide if the teacher or your son is most likely right. But if this is the first time such an event happened, I would tend to believe your son. 

Please read some reviews of it here, here and here. These are independent sites, and, no, I have no financial interest in this method. 

However, whenever two people come together for any length of time, conflict is bound to follow. We also owe it to our kids to show them how to disagree respectfully and set healthy boundaries for ourselves. Matters of truth should take precedence over agreement. Matters of respect should as well. For the first, 

The restitution here is something that would restore the recipient's sense of self-worth. That's pretty difficult, but a sincere apology does help towards that end; it means he cares about the boy's feelings. 

1 "I thought it was funny," while true, is also not self-reflective enough. What did he hope for? The boy to laugh? To elicit laughter of the other boys? Why did he want this? Was it a way to curry favor? Popularity? As I said, this will take a lot of discussion, best done in session lengths that exceed his comfort level (this is serious) but not to the point of non-productivity. 

I'm hoping that with your love and acceptance, and with time, she will mature and appreciate what a wonderful step-mother she has. 

The articles discuss how to chance your parenting style to try to undo this damage, including affirming smart risk-taking and hard work wisely. Help them see the advantage of both of these, and that stepping out a comfort zone usually pays off. 

I know of, and witness, her deep love for her kids. She just really believes in corporal punishment. I've never seen her deliver it (it's always done in private), nor have I ever seen her really out of control with her kids, though some of the stuff she comes out with is pretty wild (she told her oldest, knowing he wasn't trying his hardest in an AP math course, "I don't care how hard you try. What matters is that you get an A." He got an A the next semester.) The kids don't seem to be afraid of their parents (indeed, the opposite is true; their relationship seems very positive); they seem to respect their kid's feelings (while at times differing with them, and it is clear that they believe in instilling their values - and only their values - in their kids), and the kids are very (but not robotically) polite with adults. Honestly, they are lively, intelligent, seemingly happy kids who get along beautifully. They are also all high-achievers (each of her kids are proficient in piano and are studying a second instrument of their choice.) 

Google 'Understanding a Lack of Motivation of gifted students to excel' on Google Scholar. Do some reading. Make an appointment with the school counselor, and get more professional help if you can afford it and it has been recommended for your son. There is time to turn this around, but it's going to take a lot of work. It can be done! And No, he is not too old to be grounded for bad grades. It just needs to be structured differently, since it's not working the way you'd like now, and combined with (yes) rewards for effort and more active parenting than grounding on your part. 

As a parent, you need to find out why he's acting out. You don't mention anything that might point to a cause of this except for being at a new school. If that's all that is different, it does make it easier. 

In the meantime, I would recommend a book called 1-2-3-Magic. No arguing, no pleading, no bargaining, just a reward system for self control and time outs for lack if it. 

You are not going to solve all these problems in a short time, especially if she's only staying for a month. It sounds like she has a lot of resentment towards her father, which would be very understandable if he left her mother. We don't have all the details. You have most of them.