You ought to notice that there are some rights for the wives who can apply for the divorce. One of those rights is related to the diseases of the husbands. According to the mentioned item, in case that the husband has an awful disease that is not treatable as much that could be considered as a disease which could be dangerous for the health of the wife… Or even there is another right for the wife to request for the divorce in case that her husband has hidden his disease… In the name of Allah According to my researches, the attendance of the witnesses is not counted as a Wajib practice for the marriage. (At least it could be based on the view of Shia Maraja') The first one consists of People of the Book 3: The suitor considers that the girl won't reject him I was wondering if Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his household) proposed to Khadijah (as the request for the marriage) or Khadijah proposed to the Prophet (s)? On the whole, divorce has some conditions.(http://islamquest.net (2)) and likewise (http://islamquest.net (3) ). Anyway, apparently, your marriage still could be considered as a valid marriage if you don't take action to divorce her. The significant matter which you ought to pay attention is that he is considered as your husband if he has not divorced you. Accordingly there must be some duties that you ought to do them as being his wife. On the whole, the definition of Walimah is: On the other hand, paying attention to the following issue could be beneficial for you that: 4: There is no barrier for their marriage 1 Reciting the following Surahs: al-Falaq, a-Naas. (many times) 1: Its intention is not pleasure For more info. refer to the reference below. Certification of two just (fair) men or four just women; but they ought to declare the condition of breasting feed as well. E.g. we have seen that child has drank from the breast of that woman for 24 hours and has not eaten another thing between his/her feeding (beside the other conditions which has stated at the issue #2483 of the reference). According to Ayatullah Bahjat: On the other hand, you shall consider his daughter as your daughter anyhow. So the finest way could be having a nice life altogether and also try to instruct or train his daughter as your daughter. Good luck. God willing, Allah would help you for your good intention (according to the mentioned issue). you and your partner may be exposing your awrah; The wife is not entitled to anything of the mahr (dowry). Islam Q&A includes some specifics: I'm wondering what would happen if the first condition were false, i.e., the man does not fear that he "will not deal justly with the orphan girls". Sex in a public toilet (Section 71, Sexual Offences Act, 2003) I know the answer is "yes", but I'm unsure why. It doesn't seem to follow directly from the wording. Question: If a wife marries an already married man knowing he cannot do justice between his wives, is she blameworthy? This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. It's possible it could be interpreted as a crime under Sharia Law too. E.g., Malaysia has this crime (see http://www.esyariah.gov.my/): Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? It's a complicated issue. Outdoor sex in the middle of a forest is clearly at the other end of the spectrum from sex on a crowded beach. But both can be interpreted as sex in public places. I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. 3. Mubarat (mutually negotiated divorce） TheNews.com.pk explain this as: The Qur'an verse relating to polygyny is: Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; A person must not wilfully and obscenely expose the genital area of his or her body in, or within the view of, a public place. -- Victoria, SUMMARY OFFENCES ACT 1966 - SECT 19 You should also know that sexual relations outside of marriage is Zina (fornication), it is itself a major sin and a punishable crime under shariah. On the other hand, the right remains intact where the loss has taken place without carnal connection, as for example in conséquence of a fall upon the ground. Tafsir Al Jassas on 2:221 and 5:5 Tafsir Al Qurtubi on 2:221 and 5:5 If a Muslim marries a Dhimmi woman with the marriage witnessed by two Dhimmis, it is valid according to Abu Hanifah and Abu Yusuf (God bless them). Muhammad and Zufar (God bless them) said that it is not permitted. And it is understood by the majority of the scholars that it includes Christians, trinitatians or otherwise. This is because the Christians had similar beliefs in the time of the Prophet (p.b.u.h) and the Quran itself mentioned that Christians consider Jesus to be divine [5:72], and that they believe in trinity [5:73] and knowing that, it did not specifically exclude them in 5:5. From God's saying: "your brother's daughters and your sister's daughters " it is understood that those women are also included who are lower in the line of descent, just like "mothers" includes those women who are above them. The same is applicable to "daughters" it includes those who are lower than them. Another group holds that if 2:221 included the People of the Book then 5:5 abrogated it in their regard, since Maidah was revealed after Baqarah. It is permissible for you to live with her son, though you should consider that in shariah, the custody for an underage child does not fall upon the mother if she has remarried and instead goes to any other female relative of the child who is not married to a stranger to the child. See this answer for details and references.