The typical way to prove that there exists (at least) one leprechaun is by pointing at it. In the case of leprechauns that may be a little difficult. You could make a claim that they exist in your head, and therefore really exist. Consider splitting a set in two based, one subset of which the elements satisfy the predicate, and one subset of which the elements don't satisfy the predicate. If the predicate is stronger, the Yes-set will be smaller ("the stronger the restriction, the narrower the class"). Therefore, the No-set will be bigger. And since it works both ways, this means that the negation of the predicate is now weaker. We all intuitively know that Joe is right, but we don't know that formally. We are talking about formal logic here. Formally we just don't know, and, based merely on the fact we don't have either proof, we can't say anything about probabilities. Assume for some x0 that P(x0). Introduce the existential quantifier: ∃x P(x). Contradiction with the assumption. Therefore, ¬P(x0). Introduce the universal quantifier: ∀x ¬P(x). And this is a truth table for your proposal: A tautology is always true. Therefore, if the conclusion of the argument is a tautology, the conclusion is always true, which means it's impossible for the premises of the argument to be true and the conclusion nevertheless false, which is the definition of the argument's validity. Personally, I often prefer to use this last way, L ≠ ∅, I find it the most expressive. It isn't very common in logic circles though, I have the impression. Logic teaches you to think, and to reason precisely and correctly. It teaches you to recognise hidden assumptions. All this is incredibly useful in different fields - philosophy, but also science. Or, as you said, "These are statements that are always true, not because of the rules of logic but because of the laws of science." I wouldn't use x=L, because different leprechauns are different. L can be the set of leprechauns, or the predicate of being a leprechaun, but not simply 'a leprechaun'. Because then we could say that x ≠ L, however, x = L2 (another leprechaun). I am not aware of a special name for propositions that are always true in our world. Sets and predicates They're the same, really. Defining a predicate Lx is implicitly defining a set L = {x | Lx} (all x for which Lx is true). And defining a set L is implicitly defining a membership predicate Lx = x ∈ L. To prove equivalence of P and Q we need to establish P → Q and Q → P. In this case, few people would think Joe's claim is stronger. I couldn't come up with a better answer than "Because mathematicians are lazy, and want to write things as short as possible". Clearly, that's jumping to conclusions - but in fact I think it's quite likely there is something true in there. One might ask, "why was × (multiplication) defined?", because in the natural numbers you can simply add: 5 × 3 = 5 + 5 + 5 = 3 + 3 + 3 + 3 + 3. Going further, you can ask, "Why were 2 and 3 defined, if you can also write 1+1 and 1+1+1?" At some point, it's really to much work to write everything down, hence more notation was introduced. Suppose we have a set X and a predicate P. Then Y = {x ∈ X ∣ P x} and N = {x ∈ X | ¬P x} partition X, that is, Y ∪ N = X and Y ∩ N = ∅. So, how did we get to this standard set of logical operators? By using them, and finding out which ones we need often. Also note that the five statements that don't exist can all be formed by negating another operator (see the fourth column in the table above) and that this is not possible if you leave any of the 'standard' five out. Of course, you are allowed to define your own notation. By defining nonimplication, exclusive disjunction, nondisjunction and nonconjunction, you have an exhaustive set. Define the ones you need often at the top of your writing. About your proposal of rewriting: If F is sufficient for G (so F → G), then it doesn't follow that lacking F is not sufficient for G (¬(¬F → G)). For example, if G is always true, anything is a sufficient condition for G: both F and ¬F. On request, here's a complete LaTeX example to generate the picture on the right: The Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy has an entry on validity (and soundness, which is often confused). While there are some issues with the entry, as Conifold points out below, the author has the definitions right: Assume ∃x P(x). Eliminate the existential quantifier of (1) with x=x0: P(x0). Apply the universal quantifier to x0: ¬P(x0). Contradiction between (2) and (3): P(x) and ¬P(x). Therefore, the assumption in (1) must be incorrect: ¬∃x P(x). Case ¬∃x P(x) → ∀x ¬P(x) Tautologies are always true a priori. For example, (P ∨ Q) → (Q ∨ P) is true under every possible interpretation of P and Q because of truth tables, and is hence a tautology. If we're really to say that Joe's argument is formally stronger, it must be stronger for every P. For example, we may fill in "Barack Obama's existence":