Unlike iTunes, a code can be redeemed anywhere on any store with any currency. Actually... Yes, it is possible. But it involves using a loophole in the family sharing system. Just remember that your first gaming owning friend cannot play on his account without kicking you off. Besides, wasn't fully open anyway when it was accessible through family sharing. You could: Edit 2: Singapore is considered a full-paying country, Malaysia however... Isn't. So, if you haven't already deduced... The only way you can connect with your sister's limited account is for you to send the friend invite itself. 

But it cannot do the following: *Not a good idea, unless you have super-fast internet, and I mean several GB per second (cumulative). When you start Garry's Mod, it does the following: If you are constantly suffering power problems and cannot keep your computer on long enough to download all the files, you should consider not downloading DoTA as it contains lots of large files (and thus mean you'll be very likely to have a power cut before Steam manages to fully download a single file). Or instead, switch to battery power, if you have it. Pausing the download and quitting before the power-cut (if you know when it happens) will also help as Steam will be able to leave off from the point that you paused it at. Also, you do not need to be in said country to use its store. As long as your store region is set to your home region, you can purchase, redeem codes (to be converted to its currency) at its prices. For example, a SGD $10.00 code purchased in Singapore will yield approximately USD $7.30 on the Australian Store. The example below shows you a conversion between a code purchased in Europe used in the US store. 

When you boot up Garry's Mod, it follows the list of procedures as listed above. It checks for any updates to existing addons, and then mount them. Then, it decompresses new addons (downloaded via Steam) and mounts them too. 

As for story mode co-op, two players are only supported; you can either play two-player co-op or get matched up (or join) with another individual on the internet. Do the main steps to get to the multiplayer menu (Select "Online Play" or the middle option) Host a game. You can join match-making to find a game, but you can only do it with a co-op. Add all the players that are on your side in the character setup menu. Select your gamemode (ie. Story, Arena, Furbottom's Features etc.) and your room viability. Invite anybody you would like to join you. (Or you set the game to Public to allow anyone to join via Matchmaking). If your partner, as said in your question has two other co-ops, she/he has to make the game instead (making 3 + 1 players). If both of you have a co-op player (making 2 + 2 players) then it does not matter who makes the room. As for inviting each other - I'm not sure how inviting works when cross-platforming (between Steam and XBox). I guess the only way you could really find a game is to be lucky with matchmaking and hope that you get matched to your partner's game. Correct me if there is actually a way to invite players cross-platforms. 

For Arena, it can support up to four players. You are able to play over the internet with any combination of local players and internet players, as long as the total number of players in the single game/match is no higher than four; two per team. So that means, you can play with a co-op players on your side and two individuals on the internet, or two co-ops on your side (three players counting yourself) and one individual on the internet etc. 

If you apply a new CD key containing a subset of games and you own copies of one (or more) of the games you have already owned is in that bundle, you do not get a second copy, or a new CD key in replacement to the old one. All you get is the remaining games (and DLC's) in the bundle that you do not already own that the key grants. 

When I subscribe to an addon on the Garry's Mod workshop, Steam instantly downloads them in the download manager. 

Unless he owns the games, he'll have to purchase them again for his account, log into your account or be granted access using Steam's Family Sharing system. 

You can find a copy of this question asked (by me) on the Facepunch Forums. 

Anyway, a limited account can do the following: 

However, since you're looking to buy the game, you could always go to the store page and purchase it from there. A continuation of Robotnik's answer... 7. You manually removed your license and forgot about it. In order to allow people to transition from third-world countries (ie. Russia) and to first-world countries, Steam allows you to delete a license to a game to allow you to repurchase a license for it that does not have a region lock... Or that you really hated it (and know you can't get a refund)... Steam is supposed to be a single-user based licensing system. Alternatively, if you want each user to BYO their own Steam account, you can simply purchase licenses to 'gift' that can be activated on their own account.