XiX                        ("some X is X"); 

                                                                     References 

Vlasits goes on to give a proof-theoretic definition of reductio in a similar way, but for our purposes, the definition of direct derivability will be sufficient. Let's now prove that Bocardo isn't directly derivable within the aforementioned proof system, i.e., that (Fact 3) is true. 

Extensionality. If sets A and B have exactly the same members, then A = B. 

Extensionality, in ZFC, trims the universe by identifying any two things that have the same members, allowing us to unambiguously name such things as the empty set (with "∅"), the intersection of two sets (with "A ∩ B"), the ordered pair of two sets (with "(A,B)"), and so on. In a universe with many empty sets, the definition of '∅' would get more complicated because we would have to identify it with the class of all empty sets, and that complication would crawl all the way up the definitional hierarchy. 

As for examples of truths that cannot be proved, again, I would like to emphasize that provability, like independence, is a relative notion: sentence S is provable in syntactical/proof system Γ just in case there is a proof in Γ with S as its conclusion. Once the relativity of provability is recognized, it's easy to come up with examples of intuitively true but nevertheless unprovable statements such as the following sentence: "everything is self-identical". That sentence is not provable from the axioms of propositional calculus, but it is provable from the axioms of first-order logic with equality. 

In conclusion, I'd like to very briefly de-mystify some of the superficially problematic things you said: 

3) ∃x(Dx ∧ ¬∃y(¬y=x ∧ Dy)) There is a dog and there is nothing else that is a dog. Relation R ⊆ A × B is total iff for all x ∈ A, there exists a y ∈ B s.t. (x, y) ∈ R. In other words, every element of A is mapped to some element of B. Relation R ⊆ A × B is deterministic iff there is no x ∈ A for which there are y, z ∈ B s.t. (x, y) ∈ R and (x, z) ∈ R. In other words, every element of A is mapped to no more than one element of B. 

The second one (often called corner quotes) is mostly found in contexts where one's dealing with two languages: an object language and a metalanguage, and it's very important to keep the distinction in mind. It maps expressions in the metalanguage to expressions in the object language. Your example: Halmos, P. (1960) Naive Set Theory; Chapters 6–8. Heim, I., Kratzer, A. (1998) Semantics in Generative Grammar; §4.4.                                                                              §2 

It's not a logical truth that an apple is not an orange, but it's nevertheless analytic with respect to the meaning postulate: if predicate P holds uniformly of object a, then for all predicates Q contrary to P, ¬Q(a). For example, if something is uniformly black, then it's not of any color that is contrary to black (say red). Recall that predicates A, B are contraries iff they cannot simultaneously be true of an object: AiB   =df       ¬(B ∩ A = ∅)     ('some B is A'), That is why, Frege's analysis of a sentence like "the concept horse is a concept", is the following: 

The semantic route would be to interpret the four forms of syllogistic proposition within set theory, reducing proofs of syllogistic consequence to very easy proofs in set theory. 

                                                                     Addendum 

AoB  =df       ¬(B ∩ A = B)     ('some B is not A'). 

This says that John is a son of Mary and every person x who is a son of Mary is John, which is the intended meaning of (5) I assume. Following the second approach we get: Then we instantiate (P1) with a for x, obtaining: 

You say that Socrates is as an object (type: ⟨e⟩), but you also, for some reason, claim that 'a man' too is an object. By previous reasoning you say that 'man' must be a concept, so how is 'man' both an object and a concept. 'A man', however, is not some particular man, so it's not an object. 'A' is semantically vacuous, and 'man' is an ⟨e,t⟩, which combined with an identity combinator 'is', yields the concept 'is a man' (type: ⟨e,t⟩), which when applied to 'Socrates' gives us a ⟨t⟩. Nothing confusing going on there. 

while not identical to the left side of (3), is a substitution instance of it, because it is the left side of (3) but with 'p′′' substituted for 'p', and '¬p′′' substituted for 'p′'. Therefore, (4), which again, is not in Lo, is syntactically equivalent to an expression, specified by (3), that is in Lo, namely: You make some plausible (and familiar) conclusions about how we could go about resolving the concept horse problem. It is, for example, an attractive proposal to say that 'horse' is both an object and a concept, depending on its syntactical role. As Frege says in that excerpt: we could say that horse is a concept (of type ⟨e,t⟩), but when it occurs in object positions, it is automatically converted to an object (of type ⟨e⟩).