So Mary being the "Mother of God" is less about Mary's status and more about Jesus being the second person of the Trinity (and therefore Jesus being God). Thus if Mary is the mother of Jesus, and Jesus is God, then Mary is the Mother of God. One nice thing about the Catholic Church is that, because they have 2000 years of history to draw from, they have written a great deal about most every question of faith and have codified it as well. The Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) #2629-2633 discusses a prayer of petition (which is the technical term for a prayer where you ask God for something), and the reasons that it is done. In all the passages below, the bolding for emphasis is mine, any italics were in the original. The Catechism for the Catholic Church says that missing mass on Sunday is a grave sin, unless there is a serious reason (like needing to care for others), or a dispensation is given by their pastor. Basically, Nestorius rejected the idea that a sinful, human mother could give birth to a sinless, divine Logos (today, the Church teaches the Immaculate Conception of Mary, which solves at least part of his claim). His opponents advocated that Jesus is fully God, the second person of the Trinity (based on scripture like John 1), and advocated the title "Mother of God" to affirm this. To be clear, they mean God the Son, and not all three parts of the Trinity. The council resulted in the decree "Anyone who dares to deny the Holy Virgin the title Theotokos is Anathema!" Nestorius refused to recant and was labeled a heretic. 

My first thought was that perhaps a Saint needs a connection to Jesus, which all Christian Saints do. But part of Jesus' claim to legitimacy was that he was a descendent of people like David and Ruth. Furthermore, Moses and Elijah were present during Jesus' transfiguration, so they have a direct connection to Jesus. Yet none of these have the title of "Saint". Why not? "(Pope John Paul I) wanted to show he was not going to deviate from their path and would be faithful to what they had done," Portier said. Despite that, early popes just used their given names. It wasn't until Mercurius in 533 (who felt that a name based on a Roman god was inappropriate for the head of the Christian church, and chose instead the name John II) that the tradition began of each pope picking a different name. 

The Catholic Church recognizes 73 books in the Bible (46 in the Old Testament and 27 in the New Testament). Does the Church allow the possibility of new books being added to the Bible, perhaps in a "Newer Testament", thus giving them equal weight to other scriptures? By "new books", I mean books that were written after the writings of the currently recognized books of the Bible. One was Pope Benedict XV, who reigned during the First World War and served as a voice for peace; the other was a 5th century monk who sought solitude in the country and worked to spread the Gospel around Europe. Though he wasn’t a pope, he set an example that Benedict XVI hoped to follow. Over on History Stack Exchange, answers to the question Why would Jesus' parents travel to their birthplace for a Roman census? indicate that the scholarly consensus is that Luke is wrong in his descriptions of the census prior to Jesus' birth. Among their reasons are: Summary It's clear from the Catechism that the reasons for prayer are less about helping God out (because God certainly has the capability and desire to give us what we he knows we need), but more about aligning ourselves to God's desires. Prayer makes us able to understand that we need God to fulfill our needs and prepares us to receive them, while also providing us hope through Christ. In the case of asking for forgiveness, it also a prerequisite for other types of prayer. 

In addition there is an objection against the above said Eckhart, because he preached two other articles under these words: 

(cf. John 8:19, where Jesus says to the Pharisees, the precursors of modern-day Talmudic Jews: “You know neither me nor my Father. If you knew me, you would know my Father also.”) The 36th case of Pope John XXII (reigned 1316-1334) is probably the most famous recent one. Ockham (et al.) accused Pope John XXII of heresy for denying a dogma that had not yet been infallibly defined. 

What this "person who has made a few interesting claims" appears to be arguing is the Averroist tenet that there is one collective soul for all humans (i.e., that humans do not have individual souls). 

his action of torpedoing the ship is not evil in itself; 

Theological note: Dogma. Equivalent terms: Dogma of faith; de fide, de fide Catholica; de fide divina et Catholica. Explanation: A truth proposed by the Church as revealed by God. Examples: The Immaculate Conception; all the contents of the Athanasian Creed. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Heresy Effects of denial: Mortal sin committed directly against the virtue of faith, and, if the heresy is outwardly professed, excommunication is automatically incurred and membership of the Church forfeited. Remarks: A dogma can be proposed either by a solemn definition of pope or council, or by the Ordinary Magisterium, as in the case of the Athanasian Creed, to which the church has manifested her solemn commitment by its long-standing liturgical and practical use and commendation. Theological Note: Doctrine of ecclesiastical faith Equivalent term: De fide ecclesiastica definita Explanation: A truth not directly revealed by God but closely connected with Divine revelation and infallibly proposed by the Magisterium. Example: The lawfulness of communion under one kind. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Heresy against ecclesiastical faith. Effects of denial: Mortal sin directly against faith, and, if publicly professed, automatic excommunication and forfeiture of membership of Church. Remarks: It is a dogma that the Church's infallibility extends to truths in this sphere, so one who denies them denies implicitly a dogma or Divine faith. Theological Note: Truth of Divine faith. Equivalent term: De fide divina. Explanation: A truth revealed by God but not certainly proposed as such by the Church. Example: Christ claimed from the beginning of His public life to be the Messias. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Error (in faith). Effects of denial: Mortal sin directly against faith, but no loss of Church membership. May incur a canonical penalty. Theological Note: Proximate to faith. Explanation: A doctrine all but unanimously held as revealed by God. Example: Christ possessed the Beatific Vision throughout his life on earth. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Proximate to error. Effects of denial: Mortal sin indirectly against faith. Theological Note: Theologically certain. Equivalent term: Dogmatic fact; theological conclusion. Explanation: A truth logically following from one proposition which is Divinely revealed and another which is historically certain. Example: Legitimacy of Pope Pius XI. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Error (in theology). Effects of denial: Mortal sin against faith. Theological Note: Catholic doctrine. Equivalent term: Catholic teaching. Explanation: A truth authentically taught by the Ordinary Magisterium but not as revealed or intimately connected with revelation. Example: Invalidity of Anglican Orders; validity of Baptism conferred by heretic or Jews. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Temerarious. Effects of denial: Mortal sin indirectly against faith. Remarks: The expression Catholic doctrine is sometimes applied to truths of a higher order also, but never of a lower one. In some cases the appropriate censure may be graver than "temerarious". Theological Note: Certain. Equivalent term: Common; theologically certain. Explanation: A truth unanimously held by all schools of theologians which is derived from revealed truth, but by more than one step of reasoning. Example: The true and strict causality of the sacraments. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Temerarious. Effects of denial: Usually, mortal sin of temerity. Remarks: Proportionately grave reason can sometimes justify an individual who has carefully studied the evidence in dissenting from such a proposition; since it is not completely impossible for all the theological schools to err on such a matter, although it would be highly unusual and contrary to an extremely weighty presumption. Theological Note: Safe. Explanation: Affirmed in doctrinal decrees of Roman Congregations. Example: That Christ will not reign visibly on earth for a thousand years after Antichrist. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Unsafe/temerarious. Effects of denial: Mortal sin of disobedience and perhaps imprudence. Remarks: Exterior assent is absolutely required and interior assent is normally required, since, though not infallible, the Congregations possess true doctrinal authority and the protective guidance of the Holy Ghost. Theological Note: Very common/commoner. Explanation: The most solidly founded or best attested theological opinion on a disputed subject. Example: Antichrist will be of the tribe of Dan. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: None. Effects of denial: None. Remarks: Very common or commoner opinions can be mistaken and there is no obligation to follow them though prudence inclines us to favour them as a general policy. It should be noted that an opinion which is "very common" is less well established than one which is "common" which implies moral unanimity of theological schools. Theological Note: Probable. Explanation: A theological opinion which is well founded either on the grounds of its intrinsic coherence or the extrinsic weight of authority favouring it. Example: Judas received Holy Communion at the Last Supper. Judas did not receive Holy Communion at the Last Supper. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: None. Effects of denial: None. Remarks: The better founded of two conflicting opinions is referred to as more probable; but Catholics are free to prefer some other opinion for any good reason. My intuition is that "The Church" wouldn't claim, on any case-by-case basis, whether or how God was speaking to "a woman called to the priesthood." An individual spiritual advisor might suggest they've "misheard." But, "The Church" has a longstanding habit of avoiding official interpretations of individual, private revelation. The portion of the Nicene Creed as translated in the Catholic Encyclopedia online: 

Nothing in Catholic doctrine suggests that the Church is absent of sin, nor that its members or clergy are free from the need for forgiveness. To the contrary, it explicitly teaches in various formats that all people are sinful. So, taking the longer form for the blood, I would posit that the reality (not the substance) of the liquid inside changes slightly with each successive declaration. Now, if we can imagine the loss of integrity and the rise of chaos that naturally takes place in petty human affairs by blurring iconic lines, imagine, says Catholic theology, how much more dangerous it is to blur the lines around sacramental icons (icons representing spiritual realities). We lose sight of truth very quickly. And in fact, any authority or "real" effect is immediately lost once we desecrate an iconic role -- even in petty human affairs! It makes a huge difference whether someone in the stands yells, "you're out" or the game's designated umpire yells, "you're out!" Much greater is the difference, says Catholic theology, in sacramental affairs.