Here is some reference for you: 

Kickers only count when they are part of the best five cards. A better sixth card has no bearing whatsoever in determining a winning hand. 

However the wording of the rule in many casinos includes the word "English". 

I could also imagine a night mare scenario where the game was an ultra large NLHE with a pot that was hundreds of thousands, the players involved well known names like say Doyle and Lyle, cutting up money from some whale that drops millions in the pit every year. In this case if I am the floor person, I am taking the decision to the poker shift manager. If I am the shift manager I would call the Card room manager. If I could not get a hold of a manager I might consult the pit manager or casino manager if possible before making a decision. 

*Modern casinos typically have pretty good video equipment. However it is still pretty tough to tell what a hand is at times. The problem is that the camera may be twenty or thirty feet away up on a high ceiling and may also be shooting at an angle. The environment is pretty dynamic with people moving around, blocking shots and messing up the auto focus. Also there is no guarantee that every table will have a camera on it. You may notice in some card rooms with big Jackpots that they have a camera above every table to record jackpot hands. Even these might have problems because they are focused on the center of the table and things like an upturned hand in front of a player may not get recorded as well as one might hope. 

The ruling I made was simple, it was a small pot and nobody really cared how it was ruled. I did however pause for a bit before I ruled and seriously considered leaving the pot in the middle. The two players involved were father and daughter, experienced and just simply ignoring the rule. I just took the path of least resistance and controversy and let it be split, and gave a warning that it would not be split again if this happened. 

On several occasions I have had two or more deaf people at the same table who use ASL during the hand. This has always sparked a little debate with staff and players on if this is allowed under the English only rule at most poker rooms. 

This is the option that might work best in the nightmare scenario. I could maybe sale this to Lyle, Doyle and the whale and keep my job. I think this is the one that upper management would try to work with them. It might keep everyone content since nobody really lost. 

I have not seen a rule that directly addresses this situation. If a rule was made I think it should be that saying I bet the pot in NLHE is saying nothing, IE meaning expressing a bet like that says nothing about the size of your bet. The reason I think it should be handled that way is because a player expressing a bet like that is simply angling the rule that says pots are not counted in no limit games. If you take the approach if saying the player has to bet the pot if they say I bet the pot, you have set precedence to nullify the rule about stating the size of the pot. 

Roberts rule here is simply the way most people do it. However, it doesn't mean a tournament director could not do something different if they wanted to. (Roberts rules are not official anywhere unless someone decides to use them, and even then they are welcome to pick, choose and modify according to what they need and want). 

I wish some day that people start considering chopping blinds the hustle of tight players to play tighter and stop chopping blinds. I wish poker rooms would stop allowing blind chopping. I doubt that will ever happen. 

The first problem is that video is not available, or the video is *so bad one cannot really figure out what the hand is. It could also be policy at a casino that they do not stop the game and run video, they feel it is the players responsibility to protect his hand, and if he misreads his hand and mucks it before the other players have a chance to read it, the player may have no recourse. 

Examples are almost futile. There are virtually an unlimited number of hands possible. The best five cards of a hand are a simple formula of what the best five card in your hand are. It is very basic, if your confused it is because you are reading into it more then it entails. There can only be five best cards to make a hand and they either beat or tie your opponents best five cards. 

While Lee is correct there can be some problems in this situation that could cause the player mucking the hand like that to lose the pot. 

If something looks fishy, like players may be colluding, are they are just needling and being jerks I like this option. 

Most of the time in this kind of situation, players have looked at the hand, and the dealer has looked at the hand. If a floor person is called over they will typically rule that the hand was what was seen if they can verify it with a couple of players. 

The misconception of the "Dead Button" is that the button can be placed in space at a place where there is no active player. The button should always be placed at a player at the table. That player is one that has paid blinds and is the last to receive cards on the deal. So if player were busted on the button or the small blind the button backs up, and yes a player can have the button twice. The button is the device that simply marks the player to be dealt in the last position.