If your current tyres are knobbly right out to the shoulders and your new ones much smoother you might get away with it. But you won't know until you try it by which point you've bought at least one tyre. 

I haven't yet patched the tube (I do them in batches to save the glue drying up on the shelf) but there was no visible damage (or hissing with everything still on the bike). The tyre had held pressure for a week before feeling low on Saturday and being confirmed on Sunday, so I'm not inclined to blame grit in the valve. Update 2017: I've now tried to park a bike with even wider tyres in the same rack and the only solution is to put the front wheel next to where it's supposed to be, which means the locks have to hold the bike upright and access to unlock is tricky is the next slot is occupied. If I only had a mountain bike for commuting I'd run a commuting wheelset; as it is I can generally choose another bike. 

Also don't forget to unweight the saddle on bent legs as you go over rough stuff (potholes etc.). You might of course just have been unlucky. 

Bending the cable may work too -- you might not have enough length but a sharp bend away from the tyre might work. Use longnose pliers. This stopped my front derailleur cable irritating my leg, for example. 

Several of the spike bases showed signs of wear on the inside of the tyre, in one case there were threads showing. By the time I found that I'd taken the tube out, so I just covered it and put a new tube in. 

In summary: motorbikes can have bigger tyres because they've got more power, and they need to because they're faster and more powerful. 

So: Can the inner end of ice spikes wear through the casing to cause punctures? Check brakes for rub - adjust brakes or true wheel if required. New commuter tyres is your first and easiest gain. Inflate towards the higher end of the pressure range. Store your old tyres in case you want to take the bike on something offroad and gnarly someday. This handy chart shows the recommended pressure for different rider weights. Sadly it doesn't help you or me, both our weights are off the chart. 

I had a blowout the other day. On investigation, it was a C-shaped cut in the tube. It patched okay and on reinstalling I found this culprit : Narrower tyres could help too, you're sweeping a thinner ribbon of roadway with your rubber. 

Example of dual wheel rims on a bike. This is a custom-built rig for polar snow riding. Chain runs through between the rims so they're separate, but the front rims are together. Tyre pressure is given as only 2 PSI. In a pinch, I've successfully cut a round piece of spare innertube, buffed and glued its innerside, waited 10 minutes and slapped it on the buffed and glued inner tube. It worked perfectly and is still on the bike today. Note: This chart is purely referencing road tyre pressures. If you have a MTB the pressures drop off really quickly. Carry less weight - Develop and implement a weight loss plan. I started at 105 kilos and have dropped to 95 over two years. This has certainly helped. However a lot of the weight loss has been offset with muscle mass. 

These are 26" wheels with low pressure (around 40 - 50 psi). What else can I look for that might be causing this? 

As you may be able to make out in the picture, I do ride this bike in the rain. The Kojaks grip wet pavement as well as the conventionally treaded tires on my touring bike, possibly better. I would avoid snow and ice, but wet isn't a problem. I would swap out the tires on my touring bike, but I do take that on gravel paths from time to time, and I'd like some tread for that! 

Just get ready for the wiseacres who'll kid you about those "worn-out" tires! (I got that almost every day at work in the elevator as I carried my folded bike upstairs.) 

I ride my cruiser to the supermarket and back, using either a trailer or a basket over the front wheel for carrying groceries. The bike has developed a persistent slow leak on the front wheel, and I've replaced the tube without it helping. I can't see anything puncturing the tire, and the spokes aren't poking through the rim tape that I can see.