Also there are a bunch of other tells from the first scene where Mike and KGB play. They're constantly talking trying to act weak, when they're actually strong, by saying things like: Basically trying to plant the idea in the others head they're only playing their hand because of position, or because he wants to gamble, but in fact they're strong and want the other to think they have a weak hand. However it is extremely bad etiquette. I have been a poker dealer for 3 years, dealing around the world, I can guarantee you you will get a penalty. Even if a player doesn't call floor on you the dealer should, I know I would. You are effecting the game unfairly and really the dealer's job is to enforce a fair game and a smooth running game. Maybe in a local casino or home game where the rules might be a bit more relaxed, you know the staff, everyone is friendly, you can get away with it, any event or really most places you will get a penalty. If there is an amount that cannot be split evenly the odd chip goes to the next big blind. The main pot will be 400 (100 from each player) chips as Player A only has 100 chips, the side pot Player B wins will have an extra 300 (100 from Player B,C and D) chips in the pot. Player C and D can fight for a 3rd side pot, but that isn't important here. So in this example Player A will receive 200 chips, while Player B will receive 500 chips, because the main pot for all players is split between Player A and Player B (200 each), and Player B will win the side pot of 300 chips. "Okay, Teddy, I’m gonna call you, or else I won’t respect myself tomorrow morning." - Mike Also I would never assume that people you're playing against will, as you put it 'Obviously', do what you want. Everyone plays differently, someone may just decide they don't appreciate you angle shooting and just call you with any two and hope to get lucky. Plus why bother turning your hand face-up? If they have anything beating you they'll call, if they're flipping they'll call. Hell with your stack size the guy who made it 70 will call with any two likely, you'll be beating nearly his entire range anyway.. You're only going to get folds from hands you're crushing which you want to call you. You're just giving information away for free. A more complicated but more likely situation could be something like this: Player A has 100 chips, Player b has 200 chips, Player C and D both have 400 chips. When he was bluffing or weak he only broke open the Oreo, but didn't eat them. When he had the best hand or was strong he'd eat the Oreo. Basically he was rewarding himself with a cookie when he made the best hand or was very strong. I am going to ignore the bet amounts and your stack size first and give you a general answer, you have no fold equity anyway. Another scenario could be something similar but Player B has the most chips. I.E. Player A has 100 chips, Player B has 400 and Player C and D both have 200 chips. In this case, Player A still wins 200 the same amount but now because Player B has more chips than C and D they will win all their extra chips. Which would leave Player A with 200 chips and Player B with 700 chips.