Also, there's some ingredients which a less-strict vegetarian may not pay much attention to (possibly for practical reasons): 

Allah Does not Forgive Shirk, Except After Repenting From it -- attributed to Ibn Kathir by qtafsir.com It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. 

you and your partner may be exposing your awrah; 

Some cheese contain rennet which comes from animals, which might make the cheese haram. There's a difference of opinion as to whether this renders cheese haram; see Islam Q&A. 

it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; Hence we must repent from all kinds of shirk, whether it is major shirk or minor shirk. If a person repents sincerely then Allaah will accept his repentance and forgive him his sins. -- Islam Q&A fatwa 20482, 2009 

Generally, this is interpreted to mean that a man is forbidden to marry a second wife if he fears that he would treat them unjustly. Offences of exposure - if the person exposes themselves to someone intending that someone will see them and be caused alarm or distress This is consistent with fatawa by Islam Q&A (1; 2), IslamWeb, and IslamToday. 

The Messenger (pbuh) said, "Arrogance is belittling to admit the truth and considering people inferior. [Reported by Muslim.] More or less implicit in telling people you have an academic credential is a claim that one is "superior" at the relevant topic than the general population. For instance, someone with a PhD in medicine might be better than 99% of the population at medicine. But this is counter-balanced by the fact that people are better at some things than others. Sex in a public toilet (Section 71, Sexual Offences Act, 2003) 

If a person repents from sin, Allah will forgive him, whether it was shirk or otherwise -- Islam Q&A fatwa 177990, 2012 

This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

A BBC article discusses this history of a fatwa declaring coffee haram: Vegetarian food might also be cooked using the same equipment that is used to cook pork, etc., which would render them haram. The 17-th item in Major Sins by Al-Dhahabi is Arrogance, Pride, Conceit, Vanity And Haughtiness (ref.). He references the Qur'an and Sunnah, e.g.: 

The above applies to England and Wales although there are some similar provisions in Scotland and Northern Ireland 

Basically because caffeine is not classed as an intoxicant. 

Having sex in public is a crime in certain circumstances, and Muslims are expected to obey the law: 

It's possible it could be interpreted as a crime under Sharia Law too. E.g., Malaysia has this crime (see http://www.esyariah.gov.my/): However, a Muslim man may not care very much about obeying this command, or may not even be aware of how it applies, and may seek a second wife while being in a situation where he is unable to be just between his wives. I'm wondering what happens if a woman marries him despite being aware of his inability to be just between his wives. A person must not wilfully and obscenely expose the genital area of his or her body in, or within the view of, a public place. -- Victoria, SUMMARY OFFENCES ACT 1966 - SECT 19 Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. 

Hence, Allah (Exalted be He) will not forgive those who commit this type of Shirk and die without repentance. -- Ibn Baz, fatwa (source) Muslims should have some kind of shyness (hayaa): 

...if one repents from Shirk whether small Shirk or major, Allaah will forgive him and accept his repentance. -- IslamWeb fatwa 89591, 2005 Here's some of what is written on this matter: 

I have in mind a situation where the husband's previous wife will receive the majority (if not all) of his financial support and the majority of this time. She is aware of this before marriage, being informed by her future husband himself and being confirmed through observation of their living conditions. However, she agrees to marry him nevertheless.