But in many countries, the government is weaker, or mistrust of the police is higher. Guns, for better or worse, establish authority quickly. Brazil, which had a police strike, had to send in the Army to re-establish order. Armed police who draw their guns in limited circumstances are clearly preferably to the military holding weapons of war openly in the streets (terrorist responses notwithstanding). The best answer there is that Police are the first step in government authority. If you have a society that largely respects the police, the odds of an authority breakdown are low. The citizens backing the police can help keep other citizens in line. Note that most of the unarmed police list is in Europe, where crimes are lower, due in part to society (NZ is highly influenced by the European society effect as well). A lot of the opposition to arming the London Police seems to be due to the Police themselves. The BBC explored this in 2012 the second factor was that UKIP was (and may still be) seen as a single-issue party rather than a plausible government in waiting. Many voters in the GE might well have agreed with UKIP's desire to leave the EU, but they ranked that issue low on their list of priorities. In a general election most voters would decide who to vote for on political, economic or personal criteria unrelated to the question of EU membership. One can certainly defend a prescriptivist view of what constitutes proper democracy. The trouble is, everyone's prescription is different. Here is an incomplete list of types of countries claimed to fall short of being truly democratic on various grounds: I would like to pick up on the final words of your question referring to the apparent paradox between UKIP being a "fairly small and disliked party", and the fact that its signature policy, "Brexit", won the referendum. The best answer there is that Police are the first step in government authority. If you have a society that largely respects the police, the odds of an authority breakdown are low. The citizens backing the police can help keep other citizens in line. Note that most of the unarmed police list is in Europe, where crimes are lower, due in part to society (NZ is highly influenced by the European society effect as well). But in many countries, the government is weaker, or mistrust of the police is higher. Guns, for better or worse, establish authority quickly. Brazil, which had a police strike, had to send in the Army to re-establish order. Armed police who draw their guns in limited circumstances are clearly preferably to the military holding weapons of war openly in the streets (terrorist responses notwithstanding). That having been said, it's hard to say if arming British police would have helped in any of the recent terroist attacks. You have to send response at the point you're notified and then get that response to the scene of the incident. Yes, it could have helped the stabbed police officer, but faced with a gang of attackers unafraid to die, even that might not have stopped them. It would not have saved anyone who died from being struck by the vehicle. Arming police is not a panacea, or the U.S. would have no terrorist attacks. Great Britain is a bit of a unique case, where you have a culture that has been built from the ground up to deal with crime without being routinely armed. The other countries that do this kind of thing are also smaller populations with lower crime as well the second factor was that UKIP was (and may still be) seen as a single-issue party rather than a plausible government in waiting. Many voters in the GE might well have agreed with UKIP's desire to leave the EU, but they ranked that issue low on their list of priorities. In a general election most voters would decide who to vote for on political, economic or personal criteria unrelated to the question of EU membership. Media Law by Robertson and Nicol (5th edition 2008) is a good reference source. Arguably it might be better to have a leader outside Parliament, as they can concentrate on leading the party in a wider sense, without being constantly distracted by the day-to-day compromises of Parliamentary life, or by the heavy workload of a constituency MP, or by having to physically travel between their constituency and Westminster. Such a leader could work on keeping the party membership happy and on connecting to the general public. When it came to the referendum neither of these suppressing factors mattered. Every vote counted equally. The single issue that was UKIP's raison d'être was the only question on the ballot.