Neither Roman Catholics nor just about any other Christian denominations believes that the Bible contains every detail possible. As John writes, These things are written that you might know that Jesus is the Christ. 

Sometimes its nice not to start at the top of the chain, but rather in humility realize that we are like all men, twisted, torn, and weak. A fleshly intercessor can be a friend who incarnates Jesus' presence mediated by physical presence. Going before the throne takes boldness. Taking along a guy in the chain can make that easier. 

Ultimately, what is the difference? 

John Piper is a great resource for telling kids that the only way to truly enjoy life is to enjoy God. In enjoying Gods awesomeness, we learn what makes him so grat. (In fact, you might even say that God is most glorified, when we are most satisfied, in him). Teenagers already think they're immortal, so focus on the present until they realize their need. Once the experience the goodness of God, they'll realize they want to keep it forever. 

Give me strength, O my God, to expiate my offences, to overcome temptations, to subdue my passions, and to acquire the virtues proper for my state. 

Just about every accepted theory of inspiration suggests that the Bible that the words we have are "sufficient" (and that is the Theological(TM) term) - meaning they are enough - not exhaustive. Evangelicals are more likely to harp on things like sola scriptura than Catholics who believe in the Magesterium - but even they would reject the need for such a minor detail. 

Back to the "problem" of theodicy - or "Why does a Good God allow evil?" There are several solutions to the problem - but that does not mean it is unasked. It is thus open and solved at the same time. And frankly, until there is no more evil, or until people see God as not good, it will always be asked. It will and must be open to new queries as long as man asks questions. 

As Merriam-Webster notes, the term originates in 1535, and says; 

Confession is actually required of all Christians. As 1 John 1 states: 

In his commentary on Acts, John Calvin makes the point, saying: 

Being forced to repent to another person instills the discipline of shame - By going to an intermediary, it is harder to get "cheap grace." 

Yes, it is a "solved" question. 

Thus, the 10 Commandments are first natural law (because you can figure out pretty easily that killing is bad), but then are also articulated by God. Does it then become Divine Law? Is it "also Divine Law" or "no longer Natural Law, just Divine?" 

In order to highlight the faulty premise, let's use another question as an example: "Did God create the world ex nihilo or did it evolve?" As contentious as the question is, no one can say there are no "solutions" to it. Non-theists have posed several answers, Theists have posed several answers, and there are even significant groups that seek a "theistic evolution" answer in the middle. Is it an open question? Sure! People wrestle with the origins question everyday. And is it a solved one? For many people, again, the answer is "Yes!" They have weighed the evidence and personally picked the "solution" they feel is most compelling. 

And, this is not just 4th Century prejudice. No less than the NIGTC (The New International Greek Testament Commentary) says of this: 

The question you are asking "Is Theodicy an "open" question or a solved one?" is based on a faulty premise. Namely, "open" does not mean "unanswered" or "unsolved" - it means one that is continually being investigated. Thus, the opposite of an "open" problem isn't a "solved" one, but rather an unasked one. 

At best, one can ask, "Is there a consensus position?" and the answer is "within a fairly broad spectrum, yes." Yes, there are several "solutions" that theologians have posited that each have a significant consensus behind them. Go find them - that's a book. 

The term is a polemic and an epithet describing anyone who, in the estimation of user, is more beholden to the Pope than to Christ. 

Are these categories supposed to exclusive? Is divine law higher than natural law? 

When the doctrine of the Priesthood of all Believers was initially promulgated, the idea was that all believers would act as priests for each other. By using each other as priests, we give each other the chance to intercede for and lift up the whole body. 

Don't focus as much on eternal life as much as real life in this present age. After all, we know that Jesus came in order that you might have life, and have it more abundantly. (in the here and now even!) Paul speaks of the fact that the joy of the Lord is our strength, and he admits that these things are written that " our joy may be made complete". 

Fill my heart with tender affection for Thy goodness, hatred for my faults, love for my neighbour, and contempt of the world. 

In Pilgrim's Progress, John Bunyan unfortunately expresses an opinion of the following sort: (From Section 4, The Valley of Humiliation http://www.covenantofgrace.com/pilgrims_progress_shadow_of_death.htm) 

John Chrysostom. (1889). Homilies of St. John Chrysostom, Archbishop of Constantinople, on the First Epistle of St. Paul the Apostle to Timothy. (J. Tweed & P. Schaff, Trans.)A Select Library of the Nicene and Post-Nicene Fathers of the Christian Church, First Series, Volume XIII: Saint Chrysostom: Homilies on Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Titus, and Philemon (p. 435). New York: Christian Literature Company.