If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: foundation of generosity - What can they share? What don't they need anymore that would make someone else happy? We do this by "finding good homes" for things - Clothing and toys area reasonable place to start. Knowing that possessions will give someone else enjoyment can make parting with things that have true emotional significance much easier. 

That being said, this is how I encourage my kids to get rid of things: 

taking pictures of things and using a photo album to keep memories. The memory is special. People are special. What objets represent is special. Objects are not special. As a guest, I once broke a glass and my host reacted by saying "that was its destiny". This thought was liberating. If there was an easy answer, there would be a website for it. I thought it was heartening that "Youth smokers make more attempts to quit smoking than adult smokers." 

Though I would be tempted to forbid them to smoke and forbid their friends too, this is likely to alienate them. As with any adult behaviour, now they have to deal with the consequences. It is their response to these natural consequences that will determine whether or not they continue since this started as a choice. 

Letting go of things can be difficult, even for adults. Culling possessions is a necessary part of consumerism. This particular scenario sounds extreme and I agree with Bill's comment that medical advice is required. Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. 

Goes to washroom herself, never has had accidents. We use diapers on her at night only because we don't want to bother ourselves. Being a working person I may not be always near my kid. Also, it is a possibility that he may not tell me that he has been undergoing bullying somewhere because of fear or some other reasons. Nearly zero tantrums. I have to tell her only once that she needs to keep all the blocks and toys that she threw around back in the box. She tells me to help which I do. She does her share of work very properly. She has empathy, says sorry when she needs to, helps to clean around the house when required, and has a great attention span too. If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: 

If there was an easy answer, there would be a website for it. I thought it was heartening that "Youth smokers make more attempts to quit smoking than adult smokers." Letting go of things can be difficult, even for adults. Culling possessions is a necessary part of consumerism. This particular scenario sounds extreme and I agree with Bill's comment that medical advice is required. 

Though I would be tempted to forbid them to smoke and forbid their friends too, this is likely to alienate them. As with any adult behaviour, now they have to deal with the consequences. It is their response to these natural consequences that will determine whether or not they continue since this started as a choice. 

foundation of generosity - What can they share? What don't they need anymore that would make someone else happy? We do this by "finding good homes" for things - Clothing and toys area reasonable place to start. Knowing that possessions will give someone else enjoyment can make parting with things that have true emotional significance much easier. That being said, this is how I encourage my kids to get rid of things: 

taking pictures of things and using a photo album to keep memories. The memory is special. People are special. What objets represent is special. Objects are not special. As a guest, I once broke a glass and my host reacted by saying "that was its destiny". This thought was liberating. 

I would like to know what makes a kid bully, and how to prevent him from becoming a bully? 

Goes to washroom herself, never has had accidents. We use diapers on her at night only because we don't want to bother ourselves. Nearly zero tantrums. I have to tell her only once that she needs to keep all the blocks and toys that she threw around back in the box. She tells me to help which I do. She does her share of work very properly. She has empathy, says sorry when she needs to, helps to clean around the house when required, and has a great attention span too. 

Since I have been on this site before she was born, I applied all the proper ways of talking and behaving with the child which are often advised here. 

Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. Now, on such occasions, I say, "You cleaned the room properly by putting all the toys in the box. You worked hard. Thanks for that! You indeed have a great patience".