It's all about finding the right balance. I'd say the goal is to communicate efficiently, which means messages are relevant and reach the right addressee as soon as possible, however you can't forget about your environment and its constraints. 

Keeping internal affairs, well, internal. It's not that rare when we deal with some project-related issues and we don't want to share everything with the client. Especially when relations between you and the client are rather far from ideal you might prefer to communicate well-thought messages instead of updating them with every bit of information related to the problem. 

Controlling incoming messages. Sometimes you deal with one of those difficult clients. They either tend to yell at everyone with no real reason or are changing their mind like twice an hour. In both cases you probably want someone who would isolate the team from such client so you'd have some kind of filter passing to the team only relevant and meaningful messages. My advice would be to incorporate feedback delivered by PMs but avoid any direct rating of developers. If functional manager isn't all defensive when it comes to their people they should be able to deliver such feedback to people in a valuable way. Such approach however requires trust between pretty much everyone around: PM, a manager and a team member. PM trusts that their feedback will reach a developer. A manager trusts they get honest, straightforward, possibly fact-based, feedback. A developer trusts no one tries to run them down, etc. 

In your specific case, since the current situation is a problem, I'd work to change it toward more controlled, but it's hard to say where the balance is. You may want to cut communications paths here and there and see if it helps. If so, go a step further and evaluate the result again and so on and so forth until you find your own equilibrium. Second, for someone who is looking for feedback, more feedback should be always better than less feedback. I mean, even when I don't fully agree with someone's opinion it can still be very valuable because it shows how others see my work and, arguably, what I can do to change their views. 

Note: In my answer I'm focusing on feedback in general and not on a specific grade, rate, mark or however you call it. This is because in terms of appraising people any rating system is tricky by default. Taking into consideration overall picture. Most likely a project team isn't the only group which is contacting the client, you likely have other projects done by different teams, salespeople or management contacting the client as well. Since you're the part of the organization you should take into consideration the big picture as well. If the standard approach within the company is to discuss every issue very openly with the client (rather typical case for agile organization) you might want to have more communication paths. On the other hand if you try to play with the client to suck the most out of them (sometimes happens in big corporations) the communication paths should be very limited. There is a number of factors you should consider why deciding on your communication strategy: Getting right people informed. What you basically want in project is people who know every piece of information they need. Now if you have multiple communication paths you may end up in a situation where the client told a developer something which should be shared with a PM and a tech lead but the developer thought everyone knew that and the message wasn't passed. On the other hand the same situation may happen if you have a single contact person and she sucks at deciding who should know what. In this case the decision is heavily dependent on people in project team.