screenshot http://phpcode.eu/images/1316874146.png Profit. Note that this is a one time copy, not an ongoing sync. If you want to update your profile on stackexchange.com after making changes on your Q&A site of choice, you'll need to repeat this process. I got an email notification at noon today saying a scheduled chat was going to happen in 2 hours. Let me know if you see any issues. I think it would be better to have tag merges behave the same way as other merges and conversions. Still... is this a defect or by design? Right now, looking up the specific decline reason requires going to the flagger's profile and looking at their flag history to find the record of the flag there. I think removing the penalty is worth a shot. I think it'd encourage downvoting as a viable method of responding to a bad question or answer, and if someone decided to abuse it and go downvote-crazy, the fraud detection would catch the most damaging scenarios. The top bar will look like this across all sites: This seems counter-intuitive, since when we merge X with Y we usually assume that X will be going away (i.e. user X merged into user Y, post X merged into post Y, etc.). Tags seem to have this backwards. 3) Do a double-take, copy the tag from the "new tag name" field into "old tag name", and proceed from there. The chat is actually scheduled for 8 pm UTC and it translates into 3 pm my time, not 2 pm. The notification should've said the chat was starting in 3 hours. So I suggest we change the default for new users to be a generic (either static or randomly generated) avatar and leave it up to them to switch to Gravatar if they're into that sort of thing. If they didn't get a bright orange bar multicollider notification, they wouldn't even notice. And how is a migration a worse experience than outright deletion anyway? Refresh the page afterwards to see the effect. This actually copies the comments, so you'll probably want to remove most of them. I'm not convinced that this is really on the critical path, but ok. Here's some data on suggested edit review speed. Methodology: I computed the average time between the submission and the approval or rejection of suggested edits over a 1-week period, or over 100 consecutive suggested edits on the few sites that received more than 100 per week. I measured three 1-week period: the week since the top bar went live (it's been a week today, except on MSO and AU; I excluded AU and took the date of the top bar introduction as a reference on MSO), the week before, and the week before. I chose weeks to avoid effects related to the time of day or day of week, and show two weeks before to get a small idea of the variance. For each period, the table below gives the average delay in minutes (rounded down) and the number of suggested edits that this averages over. The last column expresses the new-top-bar value as a percentage of the old-top-bar value (e.g. 100% means no change, 200% means that reviews take twice as long). I only looked at sites with at least 7.75 questions per day, because slower sites tend not to have a statistically significant sample of suggested edits. (7.75 is where the API throttled me out…) I then filtered out sites where there weren't at least 10 suggested edits during the weeks concerned. The top bar currently shows, from left to right: the flag indicator (10k only), the suggested edit indicator (2k only), and the “review” and “help” menus. ¹ Well, at least the inbox but that's a whole 'nother debate. By all means, do add guidance to the dialog. In summary, concept 1 is horrible. None of the usual workarounds such as using the API or the data dump or Google are usable because many of my searches involve deleted questions. Furthermore, the inaccuracy should be explained in the tooltip. Instead of showing ”~42 review items“, show “42 total pending reviews” — still reasonably short, but hints that it's not counting just reviews that you can do. I would prefer to keep the 4 existing comment flags: Another reason to bring back the suggested edit indicator is that on smaller sites (i.e. not on SO), the suggested edit indicator is often 0. So a lot of people with the requisite privilege don't keep checking the review queue, they wait for the indicator to appear. Without the indicator, suggested edit reviews will be significantly delayed.