Finally, if you consider "agnosticism" to be the position of being uncertain, then in fact this is certainly a more scientific position. But one can be an agnostic atheist, in the sense of considering "Yahweh doesn't exist and also Thor doesn't exist and also Apollo doesn't exist and also Make-Make doesn't exist and also..." the best hypothesis to act on, while being prepared to change your mind if Thor suddenly arrives at your office and allows you to test his hammer Mjöllnir to your satisfaction for fifty years or so, coming to the conclusion that there might have been something to that old Norse folklore after all. For that matter, a scientist should be agnostic about general relativity, and quantum mechanics, and string theory, and everything else; but that doesn't mean that they aren't allowed to form opinions, or that they have to pretend not to have any idea of how the world works at all. If x is a 'quadratic' irrational number, that is a solution to a polynomial ax2 + bx + c = 0 for some integers a, b, and c such that b2 − 4ac is positive but not a perfect square, then you will never arrive at a final rational approximation (because x is irrational). But if you were to use continued fractions to try to obtain a rational approximation, you would notice that the continued fraction representation eventually starts repeating. If you recognised the pattern, you could arrive at an exact representation of the irrational number — again, without ever knowing for certain that it was correct, but if you did find it you would never need to correct it. If x is rational with a very large denominator, a somewhat complicated Liouville number, or a quadratic irrational number, then individual insights or the techniques which they use are likely to become significant in what approximations they produce. if it doesn't have observable effects, then why propose it in the first place? (or what does it mean to say it exists?) 

As pointed out in Cort Ammon's answer, on a smaller scale there may be individuals or groups who believe in Creationism, yet do puzzle solving; Cort's example of analyzing radioisotope (and other) dating methods spot on here. Note that for this to be carried out, the researchers have to analyze the results as per currently accepted techniques in order to show the discrepancies with the other researched work, i.e. operate within the current paradigm, even if their overall goal is to change that paradigm. Observations can rule out entire classes of scientific ideas. If you get enough observations rule out a bunch of other ideas, such that for everything that is left as a possibility is still in the class of TENS; then you've "proven it"; again, I've seen this more in physics (more mathematically rigorous) where experiments rule out enough different possibilities that what is left is some variation on one kind of idea. Sometimes you might hear terms like "the phenomenon of gravity" or "the physical effects of gravity" or similar which call out that the speaker is referring the physical phenomenon. This is how we can refer to the natural phenomenon itself. I'm sure that there are instances where a bare term, i.e. just "gravity", is used to refer to the phenomenon itself, and there are other instances, involving a different context, where it is used to refer to the conceptual understanding. It is up the the audience to infer exactly what is meant. In mentally reviewing the use of the term "gravity" without qualifiers like "theory of" or "law of" or "equations for", I can't think of an instance where it means anything other than the physical phenomenon. I've always heard Newton's result referred to as "the universal law of gravitation", not just bare "gravity". I see the same pattern in "evolution" (refers to the physical phenomenon) and the "theory of evolution" (refers to the conceptual picture). So I suspect that the default, in the absence of any qualifiers, is that the bare terms tend to (but not necessarily always) refer to the physical phenomenon. 

Popper presented the idea of falsifiability as an (the?) important consideration for the practice of science: when people are doing science they are formulating ideas (often "presenting solutions to problems" in his language) in such a way that that they can be shown to be false. In science, proving an idea false is usually a matter of comparing the idea to empricial observations (though in principle showing an intrinsic self-contradiction in an idea would also serve to falsify it). Causality & Locality — the principle that the world is intelligible in terms of a network of causes and effects; and subsequent to Einstein's qualitative contemplation of the relativity of simultaneity, the principle that causal influences can only be due to spatio-temporally nearby objects, i.e. that despite the success of Newton's theory of gravity, his critics were right to intuit that spatial mediation/separation of interactions are significant. 

Are mechanics a "something"? If so, then there by definition can never be even a seeming 'nothing' according to a mechanistic premise, in which there is at least some intelligibility to the world. Otherwise, something can emerge from nothing, simply because the mechanism may provide a way for this to happen. This means that if the proposed entity exists, your theory was somehow flawed. And indeed, religious apologists tend to make statements such as "god is not subject to logic", whatever that means. But barring the discovery of such wonderful and extraordinary objects, we don't have any particular reason to suppose that the theory is wrong in the way that would be necessary to allow these things to exist. If x is rational with a very large denominator, a somewhat complicated Liouville number, or a quadratic irrational number, then individual insights or the techniques which they use are likely to become significant in what approximations they produce. 

In this regard, you can be an atheist simply because you see no particular reason to believe in god; you "have no need for that hypothesis". This doesn't necessarily entail that you reject all possible god-notions out of hand — although you may feel justified in being skeptical of them, just as you would be justified in skepticism of whether time-travel is possible based on awareness of the sorts of paradoxes it might give rise to. But this leads to position #2.