An example of the country where this could happen is UK. 

Depending on your political leanings, you can even take your pick of good presidents from the list (FDR/Clinton/Obama if you are left wing, John Adams if you're right wing). 

(the latter seems to be a direct include from the former, unless I misunderstand how Wikipedia code works) 

OTOH, some localities have paper ballots with IDs. 

Also, great political thinkers[1] of our times (well, slightly earlier times) have successfully imprinted in the consciousness of a LOT of people the importance of voting. 

The exact quote in the OP's question ("will keep you in suspense") seems like strong proof this is part of motivation. 

As such, should he decide to do a "loser" move by pre-emptively cutting off "Not accepting" tactic, it will hurt him with his base's engagement and morale. 

You are asking about "experience", yet you seem to define "experience" in a very specific way, and make unwarranted assumptions in a way that is tailored to your goal (making Trump look bad). You assume that "zero political experience and zero military time" is somehow meaningful to fulfilling the Office of the POTUS successfully, without offering any evidence that it is indeed true. 

Clearly, Eisenhower is an example of a great president, for both left and right wing, among that list (Taylor died too early to know if he'd be a good one but I wasn't able to find any significant criticisms of him). 

Her R opponent in a primary was a former lobbyist. Not the most liked animal these days, especially among Republicans. Notably, he ran unopposed in all of his prior primaries. 

He doesn't like to do what he's told. This much seems fairly obvious about his personality. 

Some of the judges in USA are elected positions. 

DISCLAIMER: Obviously, there's no way to tell for sure. 

First, let's see if having military or "political" experience is required to be a POTUS (or even a good one). 

(the two links above are to Clinton calling Obama "naive" on foreign policy, and her infamous "3AM" attack ad). 

People have complex motivations. If nothing else, that option has value for Trump the individual (he can negotiate something nice for himself, in exchange for accepting, after the election is over, from Hillary - and don't think Trump is not smart and experienced and cynical enough not to realize that). 

There were several, arguably the first one being #2, John Adams. Followed by John Quincy Adams and Martin Van Buren, for old-time presidents. Grover Cleveland can be argued to have none. Following a string of former military lasting till Taft, Woodrow Wilson through FDR had no military service, though FDR was Secretary of Navy. In modern times, we have Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and whoever will win 2016 elections (neither Trump nor Clinton served). 

As @DA noted, USA has a history of voting in people with little political experience. The fact that a person NOT being of a permanent ruling class is a positive isn't exactly new - among the first to champion it was none other than George Washington.