Substantive changes through the period of the war seem to have been solely in the allocation of support units such as artillery and other heavy weapons such as machine guns sections. According to The Last Lion - Defender of the Realm 1940-1965 by Manchester & Read (page 334), 40,000 British and ANZAC troops were evacuated from Greece in April 1941. That would leave about 15,000 total casualties - Killed, unevacuated wounded, and POW. 

The timing difference merely reflected the previous difference in deadline presented to Germany for withdrawal from Poland: 11:00 am the deadline presented by Great Britain, and 5:00pm that presented by France. Both countries promptly declared war as the respective deadlines passed without any withdrawal by Germany from Poland. 

Macedonia Under Alexander invading the Persian Empire 

Sweden under Gustav Adolphus invading Germany in 1630 There were also three light division, designated respectively as Alpine (the 10th), (mule-)Pack (the 71st), and Truck (the 89th). The last appears to have been a fully motorized division, but deployed to Le Havre only on 21 January, 1945 and saw only relatively light action. It did participate in the overrun of Buchenwald on 4 April 1945. Following the death of Henry V (of Agincourt fame) in 1422, England was ruled (in name) until 1461 by Henry VI, who would be incompetent throughout his reign in turn by reason of minority, madness, imprisonment and abdication. During this period the English monarchy was in no position to enforce its claim to the French throne that was the underpinning of the Hundred Years' War, and in fact the Dukes of the realm spent much of Henry's realm squabbling over English spoils, with no time or interest in French ones. 

No, there is at best a weak correlation between national size and tendency for belligerence. Some examples of "small" states that started significant wars: 

Macedonia under Philip V declaring war on the Roman Republic (215 B.C. - First Macedonian War) However, I am unable to determine the extent to which these units were truly motorized. Typically they would have been assigned to Armoured Corps, where their extra mobility would be most useful. 

The Canadian Corps was organized in a manner consistent with practice throughout the remainder of the British Army, including battalion structure at an establishment of 1007 men including 30 officers. 

Update 2: Let me rephrase - The Mongols (and other steppe peoples such as Manchus and Turks) rode breeds of horse that average a bit under the modern 14 hands height limit for a pony. Let's say typically 13 to 15 hands. This is about one hand shorter than the height of a typical riding horse, of 14 to 16 hands. As fuel requirement generally goes as the cube of height, ceteris paribus, a horse/pony only 14/15 as high would require about 20% less feed. Make it 15% less to allow for cooler temperatures and a consequently faster metabolism for the breed. 

North Vietnam attacking the U.S. ally South Vietnam I can find no evidence of mechanized infantry divisions in the U.S. order of battle for World War two. This is what I expected. Armoured personnel carriers were new and expensive throughout World War Two, and for all nations their use was generally limited to the (third) infantry regiment of armoured divisions, and to the reconnaissance and heavy weapons support platoons and companies of other divisions. 

Italy (very definitely the junior partner of Germany and Italy) invading Greece in 1940. 

United Provinces rebelling against Spain (1588, beginning of Eighty-Years War) 

The Battle of Gergovia and Battle of Alesia were both multi-day battles in the Gallic revolt of 52 BC. Being two battles in the same war, both ending on a different day than they began, that seems to qualify as multiple (ie more than 1) multi-day (ie lasting through more than one single midnight-to-midnight time period) battles. 

So, to return to the question asked - the turning point in the Hundred Years' War was the loss of interest (and ability) on the part of the English monarchy to enforce its claim to the French monarchy, in consequence of an extended period of internal instability during and following the death of Henry V in 1422 that lasted until 1485.