I'd like to have amusing but on-topic images for our 404 Page Not Found page on: I tend to agree with the other answers here indicating that moderators should be primarily subject to review by their other fellow moderators, in tandem with SE, Inc. Fortunately, this is a tiny minority of users, but for these rare exceptional cases, I believe it's something we need to deal with directly. Completed, selection made public, and payment confirmed with the Museum: Our Brick in the Computer History Museum Wall. Now we wait for October to see it live! 31.1, 14 answers (avg, median) I think this idea of using Stack Overflow as an official support forum is inside-out : the community has to adopt the project, find it of interest, and talk about it on Stack Overflow. Remember the brick is 6 lines of 18 characters! earlier tripping of our protection heuristics for new users, that is, no more asking 10 questions in a row that don't get downvoted, but all closed a disincentive for users who feel they can "try the waters" and float egregiously off-topic or utterly vague questions in our community, at no risk no more using up daily downvotes, at a cost of -1 rep, to the users who helped close these questions and genuinely feel these questions should be actively discouraged by downvotes (as I frequently do) Your thoughts? Vote-to-wiki will not be implemented. When the answer to a problem is "let's make things arbitrarily more complicated", it is rarely the correct answer. Total users with reputation > 4000 not a real question It's difficult to tell what is being asked here. This question is ambiguous, vague, incomplete, overly broad, or rhetorical and cannot be reasonably answered in its current form. These are users who have, over a period of 3-6 months, demonstrated an utter and complete lack of interest in ... Anyway, I was curious what the community thought of Quora -- we're always willing to adapt useful features from other sites, but I'm not sure we're going to drop our baseball bat and put on a football helmet, either.. No increase in quality (effort expended to make questions good, clear, and useful) over time between oldest questions and newest questions. When we were doing the VC rounds, the company (rightly or not) that was on every VC's radar in the Q&A field was Quora. It's for a noble cause -- the CHM is one of my favorite places on the planet, and the money is a non-profit donation in support of their effort to record the history of the computer. To be clear, I think it is fine to duplicate the tags in the title, but only when they can be worked into the titles organically and conversationally. It's not difficult to do the math here yourself and estimate how much we are making. Also, remember half the team is remote, and does not live in NYC. So, I think we need to have another Stack Overflow Moderator Election. Let's start by collecting some nominations. As of today, we have started to place "problematic" Stack Overflow accounts on suspension, with an email warning. After dealing with the recent influx of 1,000+ flags per day on Stack Overflow, I have come to believe that some of these close reasons, when invoked, should be followed by a downvote from community on the question. You lead by example, showing respect for your fellow programmers in everything you write. If it comes to that, throw together a private chatroom, get all the fellow mods in the room, review the data behind the recall request and decide. The results (but not the underlying data) can be posted on the appropriate meta. Based on the traffic volume, it's crazy that we have so few Stack Overflow community moderators relative to the site's size and traffic. Numbers in parens, below, are the 1 month visitors from Google Analytics: This click data is currently being evaluated to see what we can do with it. Ideas welcome! Anonymous and unregistered users with < 15 reputation (the amount required to earn the upvote privilege) will now see Now, when I said "increase voting", I meant in both directions, up and down. I feel downvoting on questions is particularly useful to distinguish a well-written, researched, clear and useful question from .. well, a question that is none of those things. The closest peer a moderator has is another fellow elected or appointed moderator.