The second one is, where the User Story is 'blocked' wherever the issue or bug was reported and a new issue or a bug is created as card and taken up for work at the earliest stage it needs to be taken up in (including perhaps in a completely separate swim-lane with its own workflow for fixing such issues or bugs. In the picture below, cards with the red square represent blocked user stories - which are then linked to their associated defects. 

So, my opinion (altho I may be considered biased!) is that Kanban should be a great solution for you. 

Additionally, you should think about using 'blockers' on cards your team is currently working on to show that some card(s) got blocked when the people working on those cards got diverted to working on the Expedited card. This can provide some great analysis on your team's interrupt driven work and its impact on regular work. To your question about defining workflow stages as columns on the Kanban board or as labels on each work item, having the Kanban board allows you to visualize your workflow like no other tool. It then provides you a powerful information radiator of where (what stage of the development cycle) your overall body of work is, where there may be overloading, etc. So, if you use Kanban, the columns as workflow stages is the best option. "Kanban has caused standups to evolve into a discussion focussed on the kanban board, looking at blockers first, then impediments and then the rest of the cards on the wall instead of going to each person and getting their update" - Kanban by David Anderson What should I do first what should I focus on how should I work with the team and POs etc. I have only been working with this team for 3 weeks Team member has said that I have a boring approach to coaching the team and that the previous coach was more fun Team member speaks up and criticizes every single initiative I present to the team Team member questions everything and flails between arguments. She doesn't fight one particular point or point of view, she fights for the sake of fighting. Team member is not a team player and is unwilling to work as a team, very arrogant and always tells the team that she is always right. Team member is not professional at all. Other team members from other team members are difficult, but they are at least professional. I would use an analogy for this team. Imagine a bunch of football players who were not interested in playing a game of football, they just wanted to kick the ball around. Now add me, their coach. I am at odds as I presume this is my job to sort this out. Say you're building five airplanes for a customer. Let's look at two scenarios. In both cases you are paid as each airplane is produced. Once a plane goes to the customer you get paid for that plane. 

2- You build each plane under Kanban. Because of the hold up in the cockpit construction, you only have one plane in production when the customer cancels the order. The cancellation fee covers that one plane's cost and if you manage to sell the plane soon, you'll end up ahead out of the deal. I was taught a great game that really stressed this concept. It's the paper airplane production game. What it brutally shows is waste when something unexpected happens. 

1- You build them in the classic style. For some reason, the cockpit assembly is taking forever. You get one plane delivered and four more are done except for the cockpits. At that point the customer decides they don't really want these planes and cancels the contract. The cancellation fee doesn't even begin to cover the cost for the four partially built planes and lost man hours. Hope you can find another customer soon.