Embryo Screening is the process of fertilizing multiple eggs, checking their DNA makeup, and then screening out the eggs that do not meet the requirements. These requirements can be anything from potential health issues (genetic diseases) to gender preference. Here, we can see the results of not believing in God: More: Mark 16:16, John 3:18, John 3:36, Romans 14:23b So, when they say "not fully united", Protestants generally fall into this category. (I'm not sure where those other churches fall in the "Protestant-Catholic" spectrum, so I'm leaving this a bit generic.) So, therefore, Protestants are not admitted to Holy Communion. Disbelief being a sin can also be seen in the Old Testament: ... Because Catholics believe that the celebration of the Eucharist is a sign of the reality of the oneness of faith, life, and worship, members of those churches with whom we are not yet fully united are ordinarily not admitted to Holy Communion. Catholics do allow others to take part in the Holy Communion, but they maintain tight restrictions on this. At some point, they dig up the body and gathers a few relics. The definition seems obvious to me. However, the text itself seems to show very clearly that it's the intention that matters ("in order to derive sexual pleasure."). Clearly, ejaculation isn't required, merely the act of beginning (or continuing) something that is pleasurable. Specifically, I would like the Catholic stance on this. So, to answer your question, martyrdom is not a requirement for sainthood. Nor is it a guarantee. You have to have associated miracles to achieve Sainthood. I was researching a different question and saw that some people find that In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) is something that should be avoided on the basis of religious grounds. So while the definition is obvious and clear (per the question), there is some leniency given to this situation. It uses this bible passage for support of this doctrine: When there's enough evidence that they were actually holy, the Pope (at the recommendation of the Roman Curia) declares them as Venerable. Does anyone know what these reasons are? I'd like to know if these religious arguments against IVF are biblically based. If so, what passages do they use to support this argument? The answer is: "more than likely not". Yes Catholicism states quite clearly that atheism is a sin. Disbelieving God means that you are rebelling against God's commands and therefore sinning. To become a saint, there has to be two proven miracles. Once there are two miracles, the Pope may proclaim that person a saint. Obviously, the Bible doesn't have much to say about this directly. Still, I'm curious what the Catholic stance is for or against this and what Bible verses support this stance. (This seems especially strange to me since pregnancy wasn't fully understood back then, let alone IVF.) I must preface this with the fact that I'm not an expert on this subject (meaning the Catechism, not masturbation). It seems clear that "deliberate stimulation" is the sin. Meaning that it has to be deliberate and it has to be stimulating. If you unintentionally stimulate yourself, it's not a sin. Also, if you intentionally do something but it's not stimulating, that's also not a sin (that would just be weird). ...While we cannot admit them to Holy Communion, we ask them to offer their prayers for the peace and the unity of the human family. Having said this, the culminating sentence of this section states: Summary Atheism is one of the gravest sins. It is all throughout the Bible and Catholic church dedicated a section entirely to dealing with the subject (CCC 2123-2126). It is undeniably a sin. ...Members of the Orthodox Churches, the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Polish National Catholic Church are urged to respect the discipline of their own Churches. According to Roman Catholic discipline, the Code of Canon Law does not object to the reception of communion by Christians of these Churches. The person, at this point, is declared that they are actually, truly in heaven "looking at God". If they were a martyr, the Pope gives it the rubber stamp. Otherwise, there has to be a proven miracle tied to the person. This is called the Beatific Vision.