Now, it is true that allophones of the same phoneme must be in complementary distribution, but the two [w]s and the [l] in your table are not actually all realizations of the same phoneme. So, here is a revised assessment of their distribution, taking their underlying forms into account: So, the [l] and the first [w] are in fact in complementary distribution. I hope that makes sense! The usage of the term prosody in the conlang grammar you linked to is a bit confusing and seems to conflate prosody and intonation. It's not really that languages "distinguish" between "sentence" and "phrase" prosody; rather, as described above, different phonological and phonetic processes are observed to occur at different prosodic levels (i.e. over different prosodic constituents). Vowels + All Consonants except Aspirated Stops (Icelandic) Vowels + Non-glottal Sonorants (Kwakwala) As you noted, the prosodic word is not always equivalent to the morphological word or the orthographic word. For example, a prosodic word can often consist of a content word and a function word that cliticizes to it. /B/ --> [Y] in some environment, [Z] in some other environment Just a point of clarification--the system described above for Japanese is a language-specific one. For example, in some languages that count morae, coda consonants do not get counted as being moraic. And, as @jlawler points out in his comment under @acattle's answer, the phonetic realizations of syllable weight contrasts are not the same in all languages (i.e. a heavier syllable--one with more morae--may not take longer to pronounce than a lighter one), so the definition of a mora cannot be dependent on its phonetic behavior. Below is a list of possible moraic segments (in the rime of the syllable) and some example languages that use those criteria for moraicity (taken from Morén's 1999 dissertation, p.16): The "trick" is that sometimes different phonemes can have allophones "in common", i.e. Phoneme A might sometimes be realized as Phone Y, but Phoneme B might also sometimes be realized as Phone Y: Imagine the government asks a research group to figure out "how much the Lincoln Tunnel gets used by people to enter Manhattan from New Jersey in a 24-hour period". There are two obvious ways to obtain this measurement; one could count the number of vehicles that enter the tunnel in a 24-hour period, or one could count the number of people riding in the vehicles that enter the tunnel during a 24-hour period. Either metric could be relevant, depending on what the government is trying to focus on. If they care about factors that contribute to street traffic, then the vehicle-counting metric might be more appropriate. If they are more concerned with the actual population density of Manhattan during the day and how much of it is affected by out-of-towners, the person-counting metric might be more appropriate.