Credit to Shykin for correcting me on dragon gold and providing additional information on Baron. Because of this, it is extremely important for everyone to buy wards, not just the support. Especially with the addition of trinkets in Season 4, warding can be done by anyone. Map control is underrated but much more important than that extra bit of gold. If by "epic jungle mobs", you mean the Ancient Golem and Lizard Elder (the ones with the colored stones floating around them), you should always get them. They give buffs to the champion that kills them. Ancient Golem generally goes to your AP carry for increased mana regeneration and cooldown reduction. Lizard Elder, on the hand, is generally more efficient on either your bruiser or AD carry since it grants on-hit slows and burn effects. Runaan's Hurricane will give 2 stacks for Caitlyn's passive if she is in the bush. Caitlyn's passive will not increase damage for nor be consumed by Runaan's Hurricane's procs. Note: If Runaan's Hurricane hits before Caitlyn's basic attack and stacks up her passive for her, then Caitlyn's basic attack will consume the Headshot buff and deal bonus damage. Early game, particularly against mid champions that rely on scaling, Lucian is a powerhouse. He's meant to be a situational pick that can force trades against champions that rely on positioning and zoning. P.S. If you have questions about other items, look for the keyword "minion". Unless specified in such a way, most items will not affect pets. Assuming you prime a Voidling (stack up three ability uses and wait for all your cooldowns), your next spell will summon a Voidling and you have three spells left. Since you need a fourth spell to summon a second Voidling, the second Voidling cannot be summoned for another 4.2 seconds (which is when Malefic Visions comes off cooldown, Malzahar's fastest spell). This is assuming absolutely no lag and concurrent spellcasting, which is impossible so we'll give it 6 seconds to account for targeting time and server response lag. As for what makes other ADCs less viable in the midlane, they're all missing a little something. Most ADCs aren't very mobile and the ones that are aren't mobile in the right way or are weak for other reasons. Draven can get a big speed boost from his W but it's just a simple speed boost not a dash and he's easily punished with zone control. Vayne has a dash but her waveclear is atrocious. Ashe has strong waveclear with her W and use of Runaan's, but she has little to no mobility. Tristana has mobility from her W and natural waveclear, but her early game damage just can't match up most mages.