4- The theft itself has to be proven, either by the testimony of two qualified witnesses or by the confession of the thief twice. 

These are law of Allah who is the most just and all knowing. And indeed, in following them is our success and safety. Some of these crimes are so abhorrent and they spread mischief in land, affecting society and its people. There is also similar punishments for Hiraabah. Hiraabah means ambushing people and threatening them with weapons and so on, in the deserts or in the cities, killing them, terrorizing them and seizing their property by force and openly. Hiraabah is one of the most serious of major sins, and it is forbidden according to the Qur’aan, the Sunnah and ijmaa’ (scholarly consensus) If these conditions are fulfilled, then the hand must be cut off. 

Learning, practicing and teaching magic, all of them, is kufr (disbelief). This Hadith has an authentic chain of narration and there are other Hadiths which support it. 

Furthermore, the Quran is not meant to be an encyclopedia, and hence does not contain details on how to do things. Like Salat for example, about 90% of salat is not in the Quran. And hence, one will find rulings/orders in the Ahadeeth that isn't in the Quran, and it is an obligation on us to follow these orders/rulings from the Ahadeeth/Prophet. (We must follow His sunnah in regards to religion, in general). And of course, is Quran in general tolerant? I mean is it really strict in it's rules(I have not read it myself, yet, but I will one day). You are asking for a perspective, and that really differs from person to person. If you ask a strong Muslim, they would most likely say it is just, but the answer will differ in the level the Muslim is in. Sources: Islamic Online university Foundations of Islaamic Studies part 2 

And it is important to note that this is a point of difference among scholars, so you have some saying that it is recommended and some that is not. The most correct is that this was specific to the Prophet ﷺ only, and that he ﷺ did it as intercession from him. 

The hadd punishment for a thief is to cut off his hand. Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): 

And there are people who quote a hadith to learn magic : "Learn magic but do not practice it" is not a sound Hadith. It is false and has no basis. This Hadith has no basis and the correct view of scholars is that one is not allowed to learn magic or act according to it. Rather, one should beware of that, because learning magic and teaching it are disbelief. If these conditions are fulfilled, then the hand must be cut off. References: The hadd punishment for theft Based on the above ayah, different punishment like killing, crucifying or cutting off hands and feet on opposite sides are implemented based on the severity and type of the crime by the ruler of the Islamic state with advice of the jurists. I do not wish into go into details of crime.