If it is not granted that Zeno was implicitly speaking about atomistic time and space here and instead used the “default” position, i.e. time and space being infinitely divisible – which he also implicitly assumed in his other three paradoxes Now, regarding to entities like souls: 

I also understand "solved" in your question as "contradicted". 

Has any well-known philosopher tried to "prove" that determinism is true? This means, has anybody given a metaphysical argument for the necessary truth of determinism? 

And the problem doesn't stop with this prima facie implausibility: 

The argument rests on the assumption that self-predication of a form must not be allowed. But why is self-partaking (a form partakes of itself) seen as so unacceptable? 

It is an empirical fact that species evolved, species are not fixed and eternal, as Aristotle believed. We simply know that cat doesn't need to beget cat. So how can species be natural kinds? How can they be so fundamental? ("syllable" means a concrete material instance of a certain kind) 

Natural kinds are secondary substances for Aristotle and so a fundamental feature of reality. Yet these natural kinds are most importantly (and as far as I know, exclusively!) biological species. Now, determinism is, in most cases, conceived as the idea that by fixed natural laws an earlier state of the universe, even as early as its beginning, determines any later state. 

IMPORTANT: Imagine the following is written on a real physical piece of paper (and not just a digital picture): Yet, we can understand determinism differently, namely that the future is fixed. The B-theory of time claims that the passage of time is an illusion: past and future moments are not less real than the present. While the B-theory does not entail that there are rules by which past states determine future states, nonetheless there still is no way any event would have been able to turn out differently than it is observed. Does Aristotle understand syllable like in 

Why is the third man argument in Plato's Parmenides seen as a more or less decisive refutation of Platonic realism (Plato's theory of forms)? 

And if we cannot answer this, can Aristotle's metaphysics still be salvaged? How can we disentangle it from its flawed assumptions about biology? First, determinism is not the same as the assumption that free will does not exist. Nor does even one entail the other. There are hard indeterminists, who believe in indeterminism but not in free will and compatibilist, who believe in determinism and free will. 

In the original quote it wasn't "catness" but "aboutness/intentionality". Yet, I am much more open to such mental phenomena being fundamental features of reality than the species felis catus! But we may understand "free" just in the sense that the soul or consciousness is independent from physical laws, i.e. it is conceived dualistically with mental-physical causation. And indeed, if we think about it, such entities may not be sufficient to refute determinism. Because there may still be psychological laws, by which the soul/consciousness operates and which may be deterministic, too. – can we interpret “The Stadium” so that it is not trivially fallacious? That it reaches a paradoxical conclusion with the same implicit metaphysical assumptions as his other paradoxes? Of course if the soul exists and is free in the sense that its existence decisively establishes libertarian free will, it must refute determinism and nonexistence of free will by definition. There is no way around it by the most basic logic.