Yes, jumpers can be bad. The important difference between your son holding on to your hands, and sitting in a jumper, is where the weight is placed: You should teach him some English, though. Not teaching him anything at all would be a sad waste of opportunity. I will say that camping is generally child-safe as long as you take reasonable precautions. Here are some considerations for you: Yes, in some places it certainly is illegal, and in some places you must disclose the fact in advance. --> Check your local laws. Reaction time Monitoring provides no protection by itself, it merely tells a story after the fact. If you're watching an event happen, what can you do? You can't assist directly. Sometimes calling your home phone (or even emergency services) might be helpful but lacking any statistics I suspect that case to be very rare. Source: my physiotherapist wife. Surveillance cannot replace trust If you trust the nanny so little that surveillance is necessary, then you should question your choice of nanny. Of course it can be very difficult to find someone to put that much trust into, and even if there's trust, it's no guarantee against bad events -- accidental or not. Our first child "A" is 3½ years old and has his own room in our apartment. Second child "B" is 3½ months old and sleeps in a crib in the parent bedroom. I'll use letters for names to make it clearer in the text below whether I'm referring to the older or younger boy. Sitting with angled legs allows the carrier to support the child from knee to knee. The part of the carrier that is between the knees support nearly all the child's weight, so this part must be as wide as possible. As always with regard to health-related questions: If you're actually concerned and not just curious, always consult your pediatrician. But here's my general answer: "B" will soon outgrow his newborn crib in our bedroom, so we need to get a crib that has room to grow and has taller sides so he can't climb out (once he starts to move on his own). Such a new crib will have to be larger and therefore can't fit in our somewhat cramped bedroom. We need to move the crib out of our bedroom. You don't even have to try and your son will still figure out on his own when you're speaking Indonesian and when it's English. This is why I suggest that you just speak your own language, because you will likely be his only source of learning that. He will be hearing English all around him, and he'll hear his parents interact with others in English. My family just +1'd itself. The newborn sleeps with us in the master bedroom for now, but we will move him when he's a few months old and no longer requires attention several times each night. Our plan is to let him share a bedroom with his brother who is 3 years older. I think the video you link to is made explicitly to put the force of fear in you, with "you" being a potential customer, and "customer" meaning profit for the shareholders. --> This is not about the safety of your child. You can feel "too hot" at the neck; the baby should feel nice and have a normal skin temperature, and not sweat. "Too cold" is easily noticed by touching the hands/fingers/feet. Taking care of an infant is a full-time job. Are you doing that and working at the same time? That's hard. Should we move the crib into "A"'s room now (before we move), simultaneously with the move, or some months after the move? Because we're both twins, neither we nor our parents have relevant experience we can use. We still have some months before we need to decide, but we need to consider our options now in order to prepare for the change. Note: I realize you might be a freelancer, but I believe that my final question remains valid. You might need to set up a home office in a separate room which your son isn't allowed (or able!) to enter. I had not heard of the Dunstan theory before, and I don't recognise the words stated on the website. But I swear that while my son was newborn and up to maybe 5 months old, the way he cried clearly indicated if it was for hunger, sleep, diaper, or discomfort.