This is a very subjective opinion. A standard like "change your oil every 3000 miles" doesn't exist as far as I know, although here is a suggested one. That said, there have been a couple of times I have ridden in an area and ended up with the bottom bracket or hubs completely submerged. When that happens I like to overhaul them at my earliest convenience; preferably within a day or two. 

Edit: The comments seem to indicate that some people think this list if overkill. However, take a step back and remember... You are picking out a bike that doesn't belong to you, that you don't maintain and that really you know nothing about. True, you probably aren't going to measure the chain, or have a pressure gauge in your pocket, but I would spend MORE time inspecting a citibike before I ride off than I would a bike of my own. I am certainly going to look fairly close to see if anything is loose, broken, or way out of adjustment, and the mnemonic ABC Quick Check is an easy way to remember what to look for. 

Typically you would want to do an ABC Quick Check - the information below came originally from the League of American Bicyclists site. 

Another point here is - I do the maintenance myself. Hubs are easy and you should be able to learn to do them yourself from a book and with a $10-15 investment in tools - bottom brackets are a little harder and you will probably just want to include that as part of a "shop service" unless you want to learn and invest a little more in doing your own maintenance. 

Overview As needed or as inspired, rinse off bike with water, clean with soapy water and degreaser, wipe down, rinse off. In practice, I do this every month or two or... of commuting. And yes, there are advantages to cleaning your bike; a clean bike will last longer, perform better, and serve as proof of the love of a proud owner. 

I accept that this can affect the paint, but I don't want to cause structural damage (e.g. bend or break) the frame. Should I be concerned? 

Materials rags sponges bucket filled with warm water and soap scrub brush with plastic bristles simple green or citri-solve in spray bottle lube Methods Rinse bike off with water Liberally apply soapy water to entire bike with sponge Wipe dirt off everywhere except drivetrain with sponge Wipe dirt off drivetrain with a dedicated greasy sponge spray drivetrain with degreaser wipe down drivetrain with rag rinse again apply lube to drivetrain remove excess lube with rag Notes this answer focuses on cleaning the bike, but cleaning is also a good opportunity to check the bike for mechanical issues, including worn or loose parts: 

Edit: The comments seem to indicate that some people think this list if overkill. However, take a step back and remember... You are picking out a bike that doesn't belong to you, that you don't maintain and that really you know nothing about. True, you probably aren't going to measure the chain, or have a pressure gauge in your pocket, but I would spend MORE time inspecting a citibike before I ride off than I would a bike of my own. I am certainly going to look fairly close to see if anything is loose, broken, or way out of adjustment, and the mnemonic ABC Quick Check is an easy way to remember what to look for. This is a very subjective opinion. A standard like "change your oil every 3000 miles" doesn't exist as far as I know, although here is a suggested one. 

Another point here is - I do the maintenance myself. Hubs are easy and you should be able to learn to do them yourself from a book and with a $10-15 investment in tools - bottom brackets are a little harder and you will probably just want to include that as part of a "shop service" unless you want to learn and invest a little more in doing your own maintenance. 

Materials rags sponges bucket filled with warm water and soap scrub brush with plastic bristles simple green or citri-solve in spray bottle lube Methods Rinse bike off with water Liberally apply soapy water to entire bike with sponge Wipe dirt off everywhere except drivetrain with sponge Wipe dirt off drivetrain with a dedicated greasy sponge spray drivetrain with degreaser wipe down drivetrain with rag rinse again apply lube to drivetrain remove excess lube with rag Notes this answer focuses on cleaning the bike, but cleaning is also a good opportunity to check the bike for mechanical issues, including worn or loose parts: 

I have a rhode gear trailer with a 100 lb capacity, similar to the burley and other brands, that attaches to the left chainstay (see image of hitch below). I currently have it attached to my heavy-duty commuter, and I am not concerned with any adverse effects that it might have. However, I am having so much fun with it that I would also like to attach it to my road bike, which has a steel frame built for racing.