Edwin Witte was the Executive Director of the Committee on Economic Security, established in June 1934 to work on what would become the Social Security Act. The proposals for providing public health insurance provoked outrage from medical organisations such as the American Medical Association 

Most of Alaska's border with Canada was inherited from Russian times. It looks straight because most of it were fixed at the 141st meridian west under the Anglo-Russian Convention of 1825. Note that I'm looking for the legal concept of freedom of religions being actually applied for Native American beliefs; not whether the concept should have applied. 

Thus it was legal to homebrew cider or wine as long as it was "not intoxicating in fact". The burden of proving it otherwise was placed on the Bureau of Prohibition, who decided to simply ignore homebrewers. This effectively legalised homebrewing in general. "[An explanation was] commanders' power to define serious offenses." Officers were more likely to interpret black contacts with the female population hostilely, while forgiving white soldiers for their "youthful indiscretions" ... White soldiers were more likely to avoid rape charges even when they were guilty of the crime. 

Some sources gave the date as 10 June 1801: - Adams, John Q. "To the Secretary of State." Letter to James Monroe. 12 July 1816. London. So the demands had no even been pressed, officially yet. Besides, you would expect the Consul to mention that a war was going on, but there is no evidence of this from the rest of his January letters. Clearly, the war did not begin in January. - Library of Congress. "Democratic National Political Conventions 1832-2008." Library of Congress. 

Note: this isn't actually on topic (consumption != manufacturing), but some comments were questioning the legality of making wine or cider at home. When the government tried to enforce the law, accused homebrewers invariably claimed their wine was not "intoxicating". While obviously not true, courts and judges a number of orders. The result was that the prosecution had to prove the home-brewed wine in question was "intoxicating in fact", a nebulous and undefined term. - Cathcart, James L. Letter to Messrs. O'Brien and Eaton. 23 Feb. 1801. So my question is, did native religions come up at all when the United States was adopting religious freedom into its fundamental laws? Did America's Founding Fathers or their contemporaries consider Native Americans and their beliefs? It was estimated that the reply "will be in about eight weeks". Consequently, there appears to be no declaration of war in February. In fact, Cathcart would go on to write of "should a war ensue" and "if war is declared" in March and April. Again, unusual words if war had already been declared on 26 February. - Dooley, P. ed. The Early Republic: Primary Documents on Events from 1799 to 1820. Greenwood Publishing, 2004. I didn't actually find a reference to this date, but there doesn't appear to be any evidence for it. Let us refer to the letters of the James Leander Cathcart, United States Consul to Tripoli until 24 May 1801this date is a hint. Cathcart wrote on this exact date that, having secured tribute from Sweden: The 1840 Democratic-Republican national convention was also the one in which the party name was simplified. Henceforth, it was called the Democratic party. 

There is some truth to the claims, but the numbers are extremely prima facie distorted. Especially since they are (apparently) given in terms of "households", with no immediately obvious method by which such figures were fitted to a preconception "estimated" calculated[Note 1]. Even if his numbers are accurate however, they do not necessarily reflect the true picture[Note 2] and should only be taken with a very large grain of salt. 

Not directly related to the question, but European states did not rely on the personal wealth of diplomats, either. Or at least, not exclusively. In the same letter to Monroe, Adams explained that in addition to a base salary: 

I may state with perfect confidence that no minister of the United States at this court has ever found it profitable to limit his expenses within the public allowance of salary and outfit. And while it is notorious that a salary fixed twenty-five years ago was then inadequate to the necessities of the station, it is equally notorious that every expense fo a domestic establishment in this country has doubled in that interval. - Graham, Thomas John. Modern Domestic Medicine. London: 1826. 

According to the Library of Congress, the name of Democratic Party was officially adopted during their National Convention in Baltimore, May 1832. 

Although nutritional science was in its infancy, attempts were being made to understand healthy eating habits. For example, Bernstein, Aaron David devoted a chapter explaining the "wise instinct" of housewives in serving vegetables and fruits, in his successful Popular Books on Natural Science: For Practical Use in Every Household, for Readers of All Classes. This was translated into English during the 1860s. 

Official attitudes caught up with popular usage by the time of the 1840 convention. That event appears to be the first to be titled the Democratic National Convention. The party did continue to make sporadic references to being Republican, apparently treating it as a synonym. However, by this stage Democratic Party had clearly became the favoured name, a situation reinforced in the 1844 convention.