The most common method of proof is as follows: P and not P (assumption) P &E 1 P v Z vI 2 ~P &E1 Z DS 3,4 each step is a valid inference. Walking through them, There, the basic question is whether it would be okay to kill a homeless drifter if we can use his organs to save 10 people. If you have access to that, then it's pretty easy. Given P, A Given P, not A Ergo, given P, A & not A Thus, not P due to contradiction when P This is somewhat related to material implication as you rightly note. But this is not really about proving A false -- it's about proving A & not A simultaneously true. But since this is impossible on standard logics, then we must have erred in accepting P, therefore not P. I will define act utilitarianism and rule utilitarianism as follows: The rule utilitarian hedges the question a bit better by coming up with rules that are designed to optimize said goal but that don't depend on the individual agent arriving at the epistemic best path under the stress of the moment. It doesn't completely eliminate the horns, but it dilutes their painfulness, because it can suggest that our duty is to follow rules that seem optimized to produce the ends we want even if in particular cases they don't. The principle of explosion states that "from a contradiction, anything follows." I think you can view the "X doesn't do A; Y does A" formulation as either I would guess your case is slightly less interesting in terms of testing our intuitions about the general utilitarian calculus, because we would say someone can make a choice about their own life, roughly speaking. At the same time, it is interesting in that we could ask whether this counts as a heroic act or moral thing to do. (The ancient Greeks might reject that it's heroic because there is no glory; we might disagree and think there is value in doing good even in secret). Act utilitarianism:the position that in order to maximize some desirable feature (or minimize some undesirable feature), each agent should for each action pick the course that produces the optimal outcome on the basis of his or her individual knowledge and expectations. Thus, we can return to your reduction. The rule utilitarian rejects it because it doesn't sufficiently grapple with the agent's epistemic realities. A major point of transitioning from act to rule is to get away from the vagaries and gambling that arise from making judgments at each particular juncture for each particular act. In this formulation, there should be an obvious equivocation. On the one hand, guns most surely are the means through which some people do die. On the other hand, guns definitely do not have intention. The solution is that there are multiple types of causes (here I'm echoing Aristotle). There are on his view material causes, efficient causes, formal causes, and final causes. RAA can be seen as premised on the principle of explosion. Or to put it another way, explosion is the proof for RAA. Proof for the principle of explosion proves that contradictions explode. RAA accepts that it explodes and thus backs out of the assumption. Thus, your sentence is not an accurate articulation of validity because you've lost the modal consideration. Both horns are problematic. If I pick the think horn, then Mao killing the sparrows occurs. And Mao is a great guy there for wanting to supply enough food. Thus, there's no reason to believe the conclusion is illicit. Guns are not efficient causes; people are TRUE ¬(B ∧ C) = (¬ B ∨ ¬ C) is DeMorgan's Law. Rule utilitarianism: the position that in order to maximize some desirable feature (or minimize some undesirable feature), rules should be established that produce the optimal outcome across many actions incorporating the limitations and constraints on the information available to those agents.