Part of the problem is that she will write thoughts and feelings she has no possible way to act on, but once you've read them you may take them to be more meaningful than they actually are. And you can't discover the difference without essentially grilling her, and giving up that you are snooping - which will damage your relationship. 

Parental snooping Others have addressed this, and so I feel like I should as well. 

So don't shy away from this responsibility. This isn't a talk you can have once and then be done - you need to occasionally bring up an aspect of relationships you value or dislike, and discuss that with her. Movies, books, and other entertainment bring up a lot of good examples where a short statement or discussion about the character's feelings and actions can provide that occasional teaching moment. 

The reality is, though, that if you spent an hour with her every week, one on one, you'd probably gain much more information about her and her life than she writes in her journal. 

Summary What is love to a ten year old? First, it's important to recognize that she doesn't understand what love is. The onset of puberty in girls is right around this age, plus or minus 2 years, so whether she's already going through it or not, some of her peers are. There are many, many cultural cues she's newly picking up on that she hadn't noticed before about relationships. 

This turns out to be a good thing, because it means that the people settling the classes can please everyone, instead of just the fraction of parents who want Mrs X because they've heard she's the best. It does mean more work for the class-settlers (typically the principal) and possibly the parents. 

By 8 or 9, you may feel that they are typing too slowly or writing too slowly, or that their writing is hard to read, and you may want to offer some instruction to solve that deficiency. By age 12 or 13 you (or they) may feel their handwriting is too childish and they may want to practice their cursive to have a more "adult hand" for things like writing thankyou notes or birthday cards. 

At the age of 6 or 7 the most important thing is "I can create words just like the book authors, web authors, tv people do." The next most important thing is being able to read their own notes. Whether typed or written, they can be idiosyncratic. You explain something; they draw a diagram or write some words for themselves. Later, they can understand what they recorded. At this stage pen/paper vs keyboard is pretty much just personal preference. Some kids will prefer to be able to change the size of the letters as they write, or to intersperse drawings with words, so they will like pen (maybe 5 colors of pen!) and paper. Others will like being able to fix mistakes, use bold and italic, and have a spell checker, so they will want to use a keyboard and word processing app. Let their style control which one predominates. 

If you are really concerned about it, I would try more exercise during the day (early, not within 4 hours of bedtime) and perhaps a careful examination of her diet. Caffeine and sugar lurk in the strangest places, and sugar especially has many names and forms. It certainly won't do her any harm to cut out or reduce either one. 

Here's another bit to think about: If her hair is pretty clean to begin with, the shampoo will suds too much even if she IS using the right amount. If her hair isn't greasy, sweaty, or have any "debris" in it, I would suggest that maybe every other day shampooing might help. It won't suds up so much, so she won't have as much to rinse. At the very least, it will minimize her exposure to the soap preventing dandruff/dry skin/rashes that may develop from residue left behind. 

My last suggestion is that if you think she's just not doing it long enough maybe a song is the answer. Such as, decide how long you think she should be rinsing, then find a song she can sing that takes about that long (or multiple repetitions of a shorter song, etc) and have her sing it out loud. This way, you can be outside the bathroom "listening" to her rinse (respecting her privacy), and it will provide her with a "timer" she can take in the tub. I found that my son, who is easily distracted, is less so if he has something to keep his mind busy while he needs to do something with his hands, and vice versa (he has something to do with his hands when he needs to mentally focus). A song might make it fun too, and anything fun is more likely to get done!