This page has a picture of Warsaw after bombing: I do not have access to NKVD files, whatever they say, but the story is well documented in the literature, including the Russian literature (memoirs of Russian soldiers). One especially good source is memoirs of Lev Kopelev, a Russian author, who tried to protest and was imprisoned for his protests (see Wikipedia). There are many other memoirs of Russian soldiers. Speaking of Caucasus oil, this was certainly not a priority in 1941. The decision to move to Caucasus was made much later, after the German defeat near Moscow. And the main reason was not taking this oil for Germany but depriving the Soviet Union of Caucasian oil. a) the oceans became dangerous. Because of the German cruisers and submarines. When I was a child (in Western Ukraine) I knew personally several Jews who survived the German occupation in Western Ukraine. (Unfortunately, they were reluctant to tell the details of their stories because of the political conditions in Soviet Union at that time. People who survived the occupation were severely discriminated. And I as a very young boy, did not apply all my abilities to extract as much as possible from their stories. Which I regret now). The map given in Matt's answer shows what the Germans really occupied. The remaining question is what it really means Russia or "Russian territories". I think Tom Au had to specify this exactly when he was asking this question. But I can comment on this. Official point of view was reflected in the so-called Commissar's Order issued before the invasion of Soviet Union. This order prescribed to select Commissars, Communists and Jews from POW's shoot them on the spot. But not all commanders obeyed this order. Some high standing German commanders refused to pass this order to the troops. As a result, Jewish POWS were treated variously on Soviet theater. Before asking this question, you could consult Wikipedia, which says: Third. Artillery became much more powerful. New types came into use. I mean the unguided rocket systems which did not exist in WWI. They were used in WWII on a mass scale by all sides. These systems permit to destroy everything on a substantial area. To achieve such goal with ordinary artillery you need too many guns. For example, with Soviet BM-13 system, 4 trucks could deliver 4 tons of high explosives in 10 seconds. A 152 mm howitzer has a shell weighting 40 kg and the rate of fire 3-4 rounds/min. According to Wikipedia, 4 trucks of BM-13 are equivalent to 72 guns. Analogous systems were used by the US in the Pacific, and they achieved goals which is impossible to achieve with ordinary artillery. Then go (SE of Ukraine) Rostov, Krasnodar, Kerch (the region where Don Cossaks live, once all this was Ukraine) and Crimea peninsula (populated by Tatars, Ukrainians and Russians, currently occupied and annexed by Russia from Ukraine), Elista (autonomous Republic of Kalmykia, now part of Russia, in 1939 part of Russian republic), Stavropol (North-Caucasus Krai, with very mixed population. The large occupied region around Stavropol consists of 6 autonomous republics: Kalmykia, Dagestan, Chechen Republic, North Ossetia–Alania, Kabardino-Balkar Republic and Karachay–Cherkess Republic). The "Russian" cities shown on the map are the following: (NW to SE) Petrozavodsk (Karelia autonomous republic), Pskov, Demiansk, Novgorod (on the boundary of the occupied zone), Rzhev, Vyazma, Smolensk (disputed between Russians and Belorussians, Poles and Lithuanians for centuries) Bryansk, Orel, Kursk, Belgorod (on the very boundary of Ukraine), Voronezh (on the boundary of the occupied zone). Source: Andrei Eremenko, Stalingrad, second Russian edition, Veche, 2913. UK, like most other developed (and not so developed) countries, does not produce all food that it consumes. Some food is imported in most cases. In the case of UK during WW2 much of the food was imported. As the war started, Increased mobility (automobile transport, self-propelled artillery). This made possible large encirclement operations which were so common in WWII. The front can be broken in weak points and entrenched troops can be cut off. When you say "in WWII" you miss the point that WWII lasted 5.5 years. And all these 6 years there was intensive arms competition on both sides. Soviet tanks T-34 and KV where by far the best tanks in 1941. No other country had anything comparable. (See the Schwern answer for details). But in 1944 this was already not the best tank: Germans tanks were superior. Soviets also had some superior airplanes: superior when they were first used. Examples are IL-2 and Yak-3. Another very effective weapons was the famous unguided rocket system BM-13, known as "Katyusha". Soviet citizens, except peasants carried the so-called "internal passport", where everyone was assigned a "nationality", which could Russian, Ukrainian, Jew etc. Military personnel did not carry this passport. So to determine that someone "is a Jew" was possible only from the words of other POW's. http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/adolf-hitler-declaration-of-war-on-the-soviet-union-june-1941 b) the shipping capacities were needed for other purposes (to ship troops and military supplies) So there was a shortage of shipping. So if the question is how much of the Russian Federation (in the boundaries of 1939) the Germans occupied, the answer is also clear from the map. However the number trials was too small in comparison with the enormous scale of rape and violence that actually occurred. It seems that empires are out of date since the second half of 20s century. Germany did not have strategic bombers (in the sense of this word that was used in Britain and US): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_World_War_II_military_aircraft_of_Germany British and American POW's were treated as POW's. Soviet Jewish POW's were usually treated as Jews, if their national origin could be determined. The justification was that Soviet Union did not sign the international convention about POW's. Of course, this was the official point of view, but actual treatment depended on commanders in the field.