There is no biblical support or any evidence that Jesus left the land of His birth at any time, leave aside the speculation that He was in India before beginning His ministry in Israel. From the time when Jesus lived, it is unreasonable to expect to have each and every details account of any person, like we can have it today on any medium. Of the four Gospel accounts, only two mention the birth of Jesus (Matthew and Luke), and only one (Luke) mentions anything about Jesus' life prior to His beginning His three-year ministry in Israel. For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is [a]unnatural, and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in [b]their own persons the due penalty of their error(NASB) For one thing, we have four independent sources of significant length (apart from scores of other non canonical texts), which is pretty good as far as ancient accounts for a single person goes. But the problem seems to be that they were collected and compiled under one cover as religious texts. As the length of this answer is increasing, I will restrict here in mentioning only the names and dates when these references were made: Methodius: (Oration on Simeon and Anna 7 [A.D. 305]); Cyril of Jerusalem:(Catechetical Lectures 10:19 [A.D. 350]);Ephraim the Syrian:(Songs of Praise 1:20 [A.D. 351]); Athanasius: (The Incarnation of the Word of God 8 [A.D. 365]); Epiphanius of Salamis:(The Man Well-Anchored 75 [A.D. 374]); Ambrose of Milan:(The Virgins 2:2[7] [A.D. 377]) and many more. fornicators, sodomites, slave traders, liars, perjurers, and whatever else is contrary to the sound teaching (NRSV) What matters more about these other sources is their estimated date of writing. Whoever wrote them during that early time knew that Jesus did perform miracles and was widely known to be performer of miracles. Another reference found in the book Ascension of Isaiah is one of the Pseudepigraphaan. Notice that Luke says that Jesus was "brought up" in Nazareth, and he also mentions twice that Nazareth was Jesus' hometown. Furthermore, the people in the synagogue knew Jesus and knew that he was Joseph's son. All of this leads to the conclusion that Jesus lived in relative obscurity in Nazareth until His baptism. Precisely for this reason, both Martin Luther and John Calvin insisted on Mary’s divine maternity. Hippolytus [A.D. 217] ….Thus, too, they preached of the advent of God in the flesh to the world, his advent by the spotless and God-bearing (theotokos) Mary in the way of birth and growth, and the manner of his life and conversation with men, and his manifestation by baptism, and the new birth that was to be to all men, and the regeneration by the laver [of baptism]" (Discourse on the End of the World 1). For more information on this topic see these links here and here and here and here And in that sense these people cannot be treated as outcasts but like any other disabled person needing corrective treatment. There is a fundamental misunderstanding in this demand for independent material. Bible itself actually is merely a collection of independent sources. There is a tendency to look at the Bible as a single work because it is now under one cover. Here are some of the summarized forms of Mother of God references from very early age of Christianity: Ehrman, Bart D.. Jesus, Interrupted, HarperCollins, 2009.ISBN 0-06-117393-2 page 175 writes: Do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived! Fornicators, idolaters, adulterers, male prostitutes, sodomites,(NRSV) Despite this fairly clear account, there are those who want to fill in the gaps in Jesus' life with extraordinary tales of adventure and mystery. Their ultimate source is the father of lies, Satan (John 8:44). As he did in the beginning, so he is doing now. At the baptism of Jesus, a voice from heaven proclaimed,