In addition, Romans 2:11-14 tells us that all of us have some form of the law in us so that we instinctively know when we are doing wrong against God, such as having a bad conscience, or making excuses for our bad behavior. All of this will be brought to light at the judgment, and none will be able to defend themselves. Romans 1:18-21 also tells us about God being manifested through His creation. Of course, this reasoning is hotly rejected in our secular society, but perfectly understood by religious societies, but not in exactly the same way. 

To be merciful is a product of God’s work in the believer. It is not natural to us. This is a narrow way and it leads to life. It is a narrow road, a rare thing, for someone to turn the judgment to oneself and speak the truth in the heart about oneself. Rather than judging someone else, can we turn the observation inward and see how we are all fallen? How we all share the same failures, the same sins? May we find the help and mercy of God to remove our planks; then when a person relates her problem, instead of judging her, we could tell them we’ve had the same problem, but God has helped us overcome, and we are confident that God could well handle their much smaller problem, or speck. To understand why few people find it, it's important to define the narrow way and why it is narrow. What did salvation mean to the Israelites of the OT? 

You wrote: "If God desires salvation for all, how come many people died without hearing the gospel?" In addition, God sent an angel to a Roman citizen, Cornelius (Acts 10:1-7), telling him, "Your prayers and your alms have come up for a memorial before God." He drew him to someone who had the salvation message: the apostle Peter. Later, still before the OT was written, God spoke to the people through prophets. Remember that there was no Hebrew race at the time, so this was not exclusively for Jews. He spoke through Enoch, the seventh from Adam (Jude 14-15) about the coming judgment. How many other people did God use to draw people to Himself? We don't know. We do know from examples throughout the OT and NT that God consistently used people to communicate His truths to men and women.