Trump has also exchanged jabs with Kaepernick specifically: At the time, then, those that supported the Black Lives Matter movement (generally) supported athletes sitting or kneeling during the anthem as a symbol of protest, and those that opposed the Black Lives Matter movement (generally) opposed it. On one level, it really is that simple, but to fully understand everything happening now we need some further context: Please note that it is absolutely possible for Trump to be impeached based on actions he took that weren't illegal. For example, Trump clearly had the power to fire Comey as director of the FBI, but many people view that action as an improper abuse of power and an attempted obstruction of justice (whether anything comes of that is still to be determined). In a similar way, a clear quid-pro-quo with Russia (election help in exchange for dropping sanctions) could be politically damaging enough to result in impeachment, even if it isn't clear that any laws were broken. So there is a lot of talk about free speech, and player contracts, and "honoring veterans", and all sorts of things, but the original reason (police violence and racial justice in the US) is still a major factor in whether people support or object to these protests. Some of these might involve broken laws (campaign finance laws, money laundering laws, criminal conspiracy laws, etc.), while others may not; but all have likely political fallout. Note that "prosecuting federal crimes" isn't the only possible outcome of the investigation. As I discussed previously, Mueller could also uncover non-criminal "links and/or coordination" that are politically damaging enough to lead to impeachment. In the US, patriotic tradition holds that you should stand (and remove your hat) during the playing of the national anthem. EDIT: Colin Kaepernick's SF teammate, Eric Reid, has written an editorial explaining why they chose to kneel: During the 2016 NFL preseason, San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick remained seated on the bench during the national anthem. He did this quietly for several games without attracting attention, but when it was noticed, he explained why he did it: Trump wasted little time in firing back when asked during a radio interview about Kaepernick's protest. Donald Trump, both during his campaign and his presidency, has vocally opposed the Black Lives Matter movement: This past Friday, though, Trump went even further at a rally in Alabama: To answer your second question, Mueller was authorized to conduct an investigation into the following: Any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump; and any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation; and any other matter within the scope of 28 C.F.R. 600.4(a). It also authorizes the Special Counsel to "prosecute federal crimes arising from the investigation of these matters". This NYTimes editorial argues that the term is a problem: "I think it's personally not a good thing. I think it's a terrible thing," Trump said at the time. "And, you know, maybe he should find a country that works better for him. Let him try. It won't happen." This article describes what 28 C.F.R. 600.4(a) may mean: Kaepernick's protest, then, was in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement in the US, which was started in response to the high profile deaths of (primarily) men of color at the hands of police. So, yes, I think based (only) on the Papadopoulos confession, we know that Mueller has found at least some "links and/or coordination", although the full scope is still undetermined. Obviously, these aren't the only choices, nor do all of them necessarily mean that Trump (and/or Pence) were personally aware/involved, but they all involve some measure of "collusion". The problem is that we're talking about pretty wide range of possibilities in the Trump/Russia matter, many of them with very different bottom lines: Many veterans, for example, publicly stated that they supported the right to protest, even if they didn't agree with what was being protested. It seems likely that much more is still to come as Mueller continues his work. This wasn't universally true, but I think it is an accurate generalization. Clearly the Trump administration is denying and minimizing as much as possible, but as so many of their past denials have proven false ("nobody involved in the campaign met with any Russians, ever!"), I don't give their denials much weight. After hours of careful consideration, and even a visit from Nate Boyer, a retired Green Beret and former N.F.L. player, we came to the conclusion that we should kneel, rather than sit, the next day during the anthem as a peaceful protest. We chose to kneel because it’s a respectful gesture. I remember thinking our posture was like a flag flown at half-mast to mark a tragedy. It baffles me that our protest is still being misconstrued as disrespectful to the country, flag and military personnel. We chose it because it’s exactly the opposite. It has always been my understanding that the brave men and women who fought and died for our country did so to ensure that we could live in a fair and free society, which includes the right to speak out in protest. You are correct that "collusion" is being used very loosely. There is no specific federal criminal statute that outlaws "collusion", for example (except for an antitrust law not relevant here).