Summary Ultimately, it seems that there are very widely dispersed opinions on this matter. The biblical basis as you asked, is 1 Corinthians 11:27-28. However, the interpretation of that verse has lead to varied regulations. It seems that regulations and opinions on this are varied. It depends (very strongly) on the denomination and what they believe. Specifically, I would like the Catholic stance on this. The background idea behind this is that Christians who are not baptized are not saved. Since they're not saved, they should not be able to partake of the communion and are in violation of 1 Corinthians 11:27. ...A person who is conscious of grave sin is not to receive the Body and Blood of the Lord without prior sacramental confession except for a grave reason where there is no opportunity for confession.... The idea here is that if someone wants to come to communion, we should not prevent them. It may very well be the means that leads to their salvation! Clearly that's not something we would want to withhold. (This seems especially strange to me since pregnancy wasn't fully understood back then, let alone IVF.) Peter said that the receiving of the Holy Spirit was told by Joel. Joel describes something very much related to Israel and can be considered Kingdom related. If one sees the offer of the Kingdom to Israel as withdrawn at the destruction of the temple or the diaspora, then one might see that the function of supernatural gifts would also be withdrawn. Peter had every expectation that everything Joel said was about to be fulfilled. When Jesus began his ministry by quoting Isaiah, he stopped short. There are three main views of spiritual gifts today. It is interesting to note from the Joel prophecy that it includes more than has actually happened so far; When Jesus gives the "great commission" to the eleven disciples, he describes the ability of believers to supernaturally heal others and be immune from harm from snakes and poison; It might seem that the supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit are intended for the Kingdom. They were in evidence when the kingdom was immanent. (Paul was bitten by a snake and unharmed, Peter and Paul healed people including raising the dead, tongues were in use, and devils were being cast out) The supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit were first observed at Pentecost; Spiritual gifts are fully functional and available to all Christians today. Spiritual gifts are only partially available today. Spiritual gifts have ceased functioning. The biggest support for the view that spiritual gifts have ceased to function is empirical. The dead are not raised. Those who support full or partial gifts have to either cling to a distant report of some unverified incident or exaggerate the talent of a teacher or administrator as a "gift" from the Holy Spirit.