After the Great Fire of Rome, it has been argued, Nero needed a scapegoat and the Christians were an easy target. As for possible reasons, I can think of the following: Nero wouldn't have to have been paranoid to believe that his mother was planning to dispose of him, perhaps in favour of Britannicus (which made him a threat as well). Nero and Agrippina's relationship deteriorated further, as related by Shotter: but this is the closest I have come to finding anything (note the use of 'suggested'in the text above). The Wikipedia article on glasses says ‘scattered evidence exists for use of vision aid devices in Greek and Roman times’ but only cites the example of Nero’s emerald. This article on Magnifying glasses states Nero, in common with many other rulers, killed people he thought were a threat to him (his mother, his half-brother, those involved in the Pisonian conspiracy). His reason for persecuting the Christians is disputed - they just have been an easy target after the Great Fire of Rome. In terms of capacity, there is some dispute, much of it due to variations in how much seating space is 'allowed' per person. If Pliny is to be believed, the largest theatre would appear to be the Theatre of Pompey, completed during Pompey's consulship in 55 BC, with a capacity of 40,000. However, modern estimates put the capacity at only 10,000 but there are no details on how this number was arrived at. When considering Nero's persecution of the Christians, it's important to recognize that Nero was only one of many emperors to do so. As to why, PS: I could not find any images of primary sources of scythe chariots. Those might well exists, I just have not found any. Xenophon, in Cyropaedia (VI.2.17) states "[...] that scythes of steel have been fitted to the axles, and that it is the intention to drive these into the ranks of the enemy?" -- emphasis mine and source here with more details and other sources. The major change from the Republic to the Empire was the decision to keep for life as the head of state first Caesar then Augustus. Thus it put the top job in the hands of one man as long as that man was alive. There was no peaceful way to remove the Emperor at this point and since they controlled the army (or they would not be emperor) they had military power over the rest of society. In a similar way, you could say that the 4th of 5th French Republics are the "same": president, prime ministers, ministers, parliament, elections, yadda. Or that the French and English prime minister have the same function. Overall, you would not be too wrong but the devil is in the details. Thus why we refer to the Roman Empire, the Holy Roman Empire and the Byzantium Empire as different beasts even though they are all called "empires" and come from the same root. The Greeks did use chariots (as Homer tells us) but those were mobile platforms to cast spears and move about the battle field. I do not recall Homer describing blades attached to wheels at any point. After that, infantry was much the Greek thing with phalanxes. The change from Kingdom to Republic was maybe more subtle but put two men in charge instead of one. Thus allowing for a balance of power at the top. Again, this is a break with the previous regime. In the story of the Battle, the sign that appeared was a cross, or something similar (Lactantius is the first author to mention the story (just a couple of years after the battle), and he is not entirely clear on that point). The sign was associated with a dream in which Constantine received the message (in Latin) "In hoc signo vince!" ("In this sign, conquer!") The senate had debated reforms, but these were too little too late. We are told (mainly by Roman writers, writing after her capture and exile in Rome) that Zenobia styled herself "Queen of the East". However, given that she seems to have been trying to demonstrate degree of equality with the Emperor in Rome during the rebellion, it is also quite possible that she would have required her servants and associates to address her using the Latin title "Augusta". As we've seen, she certainly used that title on her coinage.