The fact is that the hadith were memorized systematically by the Companions and passed down just as the Qur'an was memorized and passed down. 

The main source for this answer is notes from a class on hadith studies I took a few years ago. The textual sources for that class were mainly the book by Dr. Mustafa al-Azami on sciences of hadith and Shah Waliullah's book on the history of hadith. 

This is a very subjective and case-based issue. There are two kinds of weak ahadith: da'if (weak) and da'if jiddan (very weak). A da'if hadith is when there is some kind of anomaly with the (chain of the) hadith, e.g. one link in the first generation is missing. This anomaly cannot be overlooked, and yet it is not fatal. A da'if jiddan hadith on the other hand is much weaker and has serious and potentially fatal flaws. 

No it is not true - in fact the Prophet (saws) taught his Companions (raa) these hadith formally in circles of knowledge. He spent a lot of time commanding them to convey his words, and he used to quiz the Companions also about what they had learned earlier. There was a group of people whose full-time job was to learn and record - commonly known as As-hab as-Suffah. Some of the famous Companions from this group include Abu Huraira, Jabir b. Abdullah, Mu'adh b. Jabal, Abdullah b. Mas'ud and others. 

Da'if hadith on the other hand, can sometimes strengthen each other. It is very case-based, it depends on the overlap between the content of the hadith, the actual flaws that each contains (e.g. is it the same flaw or different kinds of flaws), the overlap in the chain of narration, and other things like that. Depending on the judgment of a scholar, sometimes two weak ahadith can strengthen each other, and sometimes they don't. It also depends on the topic of the hadith - is it relating to virtues of some act? Is it establishing something entirely new in shari'ah? 

The vast majority of hadith scholars say that da'if jiddan ahadith should never be used for anything, and they do not strengthen anything. 

In their time, the primary way of recording something and propagating it was by memorizing it and oral transmission. Needing to write something down was seen as a weakness - these people had extraordinary memories. Secondly, another method they used to preserve the hadith was by practising them and making them a part of their lives. This is another effective way of preservation and propagation. 

If there is an English translation of the muhadditheen's gradings of Sunan Abi Dawud, perhaps someone else can post the answer. Here is what I have done in the past for such questions: 

As someone who frequently hunts down references, I can only offer a hit-and-miss approach. Until hadith collections and their translations are properly digitized and stored in a retrieval-friendly format, that's going to be the best we non-Arabic speakers can do. http://sunnah.com is one step in that direction but there is a long way to go. 

In short, it's very subjective and case-dependent, and many scholars come to different judgments in different cases. 

The hadith were written down since the earliest times - they were only compiled later in the times of the Companions and later, the Imams. There is a hadith from Anas (ra) that says that around 60 men would gather to review the ahadith of the Prophet (saws). 'Umar and Abu Musa al-Ash'ari used to review hadith until the early morning. For example, Abdullah b. Amr b. Aas had a compilation of hadith with over 5000 of them called As-Sahifa as-Sadiqa, which the Prophet (saws) himself reviewed. Anas b. Malik had a compilation of over 2000, Jabir b. Abdullah over 1500, Aisha (ra) over 2000, and ibn Abbas and ibn 'Umar over 1500. 

For your particular hadith, the hadith number is 2511 in Sunan Abi Dawud, and Shaykh al-Albani grades it Sahih: 

Keep doing this and follow the leads and if it exists chances are you'll keep narrowing the field and eventually find it, inshaAllah. 

The first person to start an official compilation of hadith was Umar b. Abdul Aziz, just a few decades after the Prophet (saws) when he appointed the well-known muhaddith Ibn Shihab Az-Zuhri to oversee this project. 

Initially, in the early stages of Islam, when the style and pattern of the Qur'an wasn't that clear yet, the writing down of hadith was prohibited so as to prevent them from being mixed with the words of the Qur'an. Later, the Prophet (saws) himself commanded Amr b. al-Aas to write down the hadith he was learning. Other instances of explicit permission and commands to write hadith include the hadith in Jami' at-Tirmidhi about seeking help from "the right hand" - i.e. to preserve knowledge by writing it down. The Prophet (saws) explicitly told Rafi' b. Khadij that he could write down the hadith he was learning and there was no harm in it. Anas (ra) narrated that the Prophet (saws) told them to preserve knowledge by writing it down. And as mentioned earlier, Amr. b. Aas was commanded to write hadith. He asked whether he should write down everything, whether the Prophet (saws) was content or upset, and the Prophet (saws) replied by saying yes, everything, nothing comes out of my lips except it is the truth.