I found a paper on jstor, titled Kant and the Right of Revolution that seems promising; also, there is a very concise explanation of Kant's notion of Rebellion and Revolution in the SEP. 

The question completely lacks insight into Kant's political theory. The categorical imperative has nothing to do with politics. 

As to be free means to follow one's own rational principles, only the individual living in a civil society with rational laws (i.e. laws the individual would agree with) can be called free. As Kant advocated a republican constitution, not a democracy, how would the sovereign or the government know about what laws the free citizen of the state would agree to? Kant "invents" a touchstone to answer that question, the touchstone of Publicity, again in the Perpetual Peace (Appendix II, note that there is a strong resemblance to the categorical imperative in the formulation and the universal demand): 

His answer to the problem of unjust laws is reform. As Jonathan Basile pointed out in the comment above that leaves, as only possibility, public criticism. It seems to me that this is far from "a priori" as Kant defines it. Furthermore, it rather seems to be a tautology. Because to say that we know that God exists because we clearly and distinctly know what his nature is means the same thing as to already know that he does exist. Are there any other ways to read this? Am I mistaken? I am not looking for affirmation but on the contrary for arguments against my maybe premature opinion. 

I am currently studying some aspects of Spinoza's philosophy, mainly in contrast to Kant. It seems to me that Spinoza is just the kind of "dogmatic metaphysician" Kant criticises. I know that Kant tried to "proof" God's existence in his pre-critical phase, but later changed his mind (I refrain from going into details). I therefore wanted to have a look at Spinoza's "proofs". The first one says: Other than that, I'd say there is no point in dividing a concept so old into philosophy and theology - a book I have here (it's in German, otherwise I would quote) says it's been used in ancient Greece and later by St. Augustine, who used it in the context of knowledge, to mark the ascent from one level of knowledge to a higher one. This probably makes it both, a concept theological and philosophical. If politics are to be morally just, then there can be no gap between what morals demand and what politics demand. While the individual is obligated by the moral principle, the categorical imperative, it doesn't apply to the government, which is an artificial person. Even if the government consists of only one person, the monarch acts not as an individual, but as the executive authority (ideally speaking, in theory), and as such, other demands are made to their actions. Right concerns only with external actions, that means the actions between individuals. An action is right if it can exist with everybody's freedom as a universal law (Metaphysics of Morals). While the categorical imperative demands that you apply it to your actions out of duty, right does no such thing - you can act right or not, but you must be prepared that others will coerce you, if you don't (which is impossible for internal actions). What I'm trying to show is that the actions of the government, even if it consists of only one individual, are external actions, therefore they are evaluated in aspect of legality, not of morality (in the narrower sense), and as the execution of a state, the government doesn't necessarily have to be following the categorical imperative to be executing right.