Some additional lore is available in act 4. 

Since you're likely to have to attempt this again, I'll give some general pointers: 

The checkpoint means that you can just leave and reenter the game to respawn this group and the chandelier. 

Covetous Shen is looking for a particular jewel: 

(it's continued on another page, but it's unrelated to the current question.) 

Don't abandon your post at the middle winch to take out the other two until the catapult is raised, however. Prioritizing these spawners when there's active monsters about is a sure way to lose. 

There's not a whole lot else you could need - you want the chandelier to do most of the work, and these enemies are so weak there's really little to no threat to you, regardless of level. 

Although at the time this question was asked, gold and commodity auctions were not available on the real money auction house, they have since been added. In the US, commodities became available for trade as part of patch 1.0.3b on 7/10/2012, and gold became available in a hotfix on 7/12. 

(I've got more screenshots than this, but most are relatively boring.) 

If we count these 3, the total is now 16. 

Eventually, they commingled. They gave birth to mankind. That is why you have both good and evil within you... and the power of both realms as your birthright. 

Damage wise I haven't done calculations, but typically on Normal I can kill or do 90+% damage to most enemies with a chandelier hit. On Nightmare, they take more like 50%, if that. 

The power of your nephalem ancestors was so terrifying to their parents that they tuned the Worldstone to weaken them. They knew they had loosed something... unimaginable upon creation. 

The easiest way to get there is to change your current quest Act 1, Quest 4: Reign of the Black King. Travel to the Cathedral Garden waypoint, and enter Leoric's Passage. 

I did this on Nightmare with a Monk, and one thing that I noticed was that I didn't get the achievement until after I'd raised the third catapult, even though there's no recruits that can get killed past the second catapult raising. 

The paper manual that comes with the boxed copy of the game has a bit of backstory/explanation: 

Player: I would like to hear more of the creation of our world. 

In the very early going, when you have equipment slots that are completely empty, they're worth grabbing just so you're not completely naked. In particular, when you're just starting out, keep an eye out for a Targe shield - it's got typically around 50 defense, which outclasses most of the defense you'll find on any other item at this stage of the game.