Some universities certainly do have a reputation for developing NFL players. In some cases, this is simply due to quality of the program - Alabama for example is a very good program and as such attracts very good players; this not only means a player will play alongside other good players (and thus learn better habits/etc.), but also means a player will be exposed more on national TV and to scouts. 

This is not necessarily 100% clear in the rulebook, but it does seem that "in the know" folks think this is clear (albeit with the grain of salt that refs don't always enforce this consistently). 

Zone defenses are the main reason for this. Defense knows you have to pass the ball 20-30 yards, right? So they sit back far off the line, facing the QB, and everyone reads the QB's eyes. That makes it much easier to pick the ball off (rather than just running alongside the WR and trying to keep up with him). Zone prevent defenses are terrible at keeping offenses from advancing the ball 10-20 yards - and in a longer situation, 2:00 drill, they're actually pretty bad defenses. But with 0:30 left? Quite effective. In 2014, in a blog post at the Harvard Sports Analysis Collective, an analysis was done to determine the odds of winning an overtime game based on a Markov chain analysis. Among other things, it noted that a drive from a kickoff ends in a touchdown about 20% of the time; this was before the adjustment to the touchback distance, though, so I would not necessarily take this as correct for 2016 and beyond. I'm also skeptical that you can consider an early game drive similarly to a late game drive or OT; a lot of information has changed hands by that point, leading both sides to have some opportunities to improve - but perhaps one more than the other; and further, defenses are tired (and while both sides may be tired, it seems to hurt defenses more than offenses overall). 

I remove any PR that is from a punt under 20 yards or any punt return that is under 30 yards but has a number in the PRYds field (as the entire 1998 season has no numbers for some reason), or any punt whose play by play includes 'fumble' or 'muff' and yields less than 30 PRYds (I checked by hand, none of the 1998 punts were caught by this). 

This ultimately removes 19 KRTDs and 21 PRTDs from the data. As of late 2015, the receiving team had won slightly more than half of the time (50.7%) since the new overtime rules (allowing a drive after a made FG - it used to be even a made FG ended the overtime). ESPN estimated a 53.8% chance overall (likely higher than observed when you control for the already-extant likelihoods, specifically the better team being already more likely to win). 1953--Two-platoon abolished and players allowed to enter game only once in each quarter 

This is a bit more interesting. Here you see for most years a similar level; there is a bit of a dropoff around 1999 that is either due to the flakiness of 1999 data or an actual year with few kick returns for touchdowns. Beyond that, you see very similar numbers until 2010's drops start being accounted for in the moving average and the blue bars drop off dramatically. 

So, if the kicking team bats the ball out of the end zone, the returner picks the ball up, and heads downfield but fumbles on the 10, the fumble doesn't count, and the receiving team gets the ball on the 1 (or wherever they rule the illegal touching to have occurred). 1876--Fifteen players to a team and few if any substitutions. 

During a punt, if the kicking team is the first to touch the ball, then illegal touching occurred. At that point, the ball may be still considered live, if the ball has not stopped moving and/or if the kicking team does not hold the ball in possession. It's hard enough to score in American football when you have half an hour to score in. Trying to score when you have 0:30 left in the game? Nearly impossible, if you're on your side of the field. Absent a specific instruction in the referee's handbook, it's unlikely to be clarified further than that (unless the Big Ten chooses to clarify it further themselves, which they may or may not). As for other feats - it's hard to say why a phrase didn't catch on, but I suspect because there are simply too many things going on in one game. I've certainly heard the phrase use in its common meaning - "three of anything happening" - to refer to sacks and interceptions; it's probably been used in other circumstances as well. This is similar to other American sports; baseball often uses it to mean three strikeouts in one game, which is pretty silly (as that's not a good stat, and it's a very common one) and to mean three home runs in one game (which at least makes more sense), but even three steals in one game might be called a hat trick.