A safe-haven is provided by which one man and his family will be preserved from the coming destruction; those who are "in" this "safe-haven" will be raised up from the surface of the earth while everyone left on earth is destroyed 

...or the climactic statement of John the Baptist at the end of the second section (1:19-34): 

For example, consider the closing statement in the first section (1:1-18): 

This idea comes primarily from the presentation of Jesus throughout the Gospel, which is summarized nicely by the Biblical author himself: 

And just as it happened in the days of Noah, so it will be also in the days of the Son of Man -Luke 17:26 

But again, to clarify, it is Noah that corresponds to Jesus, and the flood corresponds to the coming judgment... it is not the flood that corresponds to Jesus as your question suggests. So if God had sent Jesus, that would not have negated the judgment. If God had skipped the illustrations and jumped straight to eschatological fulfillment, Jesus would have come and then the world would have been destroyed by fire (instead of water.) It is not as if the destruction would have been averted by His coming, as your question suggests. 

God commands them to "be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth" 

God gives them dominion over the animals 

God decides His Spirit will not strive with man forever, and numbers man's days; judgment is coming upon the whole earth 

God gave us an illustration ahead of time to help us understand it: 

Summary So, to answer your question, God gave us the events (and Biblical record) of Genesis 1-9 to help us understand Jesus and the coming judgment. That is why we have Noah and the flood. 

The question is a bit like asking why God didn't just send Jesus in Moses' day instead of the "Passover lamb." Jesus actually is the true Passover Lamb. But we only understand that because God first gave us a natural illustration to help us understand it when it happened. 

If it isn't obvious by now, Jesus is the true Noah. As further support, we see this comparison made a number of times in the New Testament: 

...or the climactic testimony of Nathanael at the end of the third section (1:35-51): 

God gives them instructions about what to eat 

The man and his family quickly fall into sin 

The wicked are oblivious until it is too late 

The trend continues throughout the Gospel. 

Short Answer: Because God's activities in Genesis 1-9 teach mankind about the coming of Jesus. It was not only important for Jesus to come, but also for mankind to understand Him when He came. 

God exercises judgment on the wicked earth, destroying every last person on earth. Only the one man and his family are spared, since they are no longer on the earth during this judgment.