Late in the battle, Persian cavalry successfully navigated a gap in the Macedonian line. Had they exploited it by falling upon the failing Macedonian left, the battle may have been won. Instead they sacked the Persian camp and were turned away by reserves. This failure shows the importance of discipline in ancient warfare; give a bunch of amateurs the choice been fighting and looting and they will loot. Conserve Ammunition Ships at sea have a limited supply. While a raider can resupply common items like fuel and food from captured vessels, specialized supplies such as ammunition cannot be plundered. Once a raider runs low on ammunition, they must return home removing themselves as a threat. A good raider will capture and sink vessels by boarding action as often as possible. Now what can a more average shooter do in combat conditions (noise, smoke, wind, exhaustion, moving target, getting shot at...) and firing lethal arrows. For that let's look at people who already do this bow hunters. Bow hunters have their own competitions called Field Archery and from this we can glean a reasonable expectation of accuracy. Wikipedia claims bow hunters will fire at about 15m, with the maximum being about 40m, but it's based on one graph. A bow hunter wants to make sure they hit on the first try, else they're scare their game, and the game will be moving, even if not very fast, so this is probably the most realistic number. Outgunned In the age of sail, a vessel which found itself outgunned and unable to run away, or duty bound to fight, might consider a boarding action instead. The captain would be gambling that their crew could fight harder than the enemy crew. The British often employed this tactic. In addition to carrying a contingent of Royal Marines (ie. professional soldiers) their crews were often better trained and had higher morale than your average French, Spanish, or civilian crew. The medieval period in England runs from the end of the Romano-British period to the beginning of the early-modern period, so from somewhere in the fifth century to the Reformation. We know that Christianity had spread to Ireland by the early fifth century. However, Ireland had never been a part of the Roman Empire, so there had been no prior tradition of the Roman church in Ireland. An entry in the Chronicle of Prosper of Aquitaine seems to suggest that Palladius had been sent to Ireland in 431 as the first missionary bishop sent by Rome. If so, his mission was hardly a resounding success. However, the later mission by Saint Patrick was certainly more successful, and we have records of a number of churches founded in towns (or, perhaps "civitates" might be a better term at this stage in their development) like Armagh. People of all these groups seem to have lived together in the villages, and the evidence (for example from Wythemail in Northamptonshire) increasingly suggests that they lived in relatively spacious, well-built, multi-roomed houses. The first point to remember in all this is that while he was on crusade, all of Richard I's lands were supposed to be under the protection of the church (as, indeed, Philip's lands had also been, while he was on crusade). In theory, Philip II was unable to attack them until Richard returned to his own lands. Philip left Acre and returned to France via Genoa in August 1192. Post-medieval archaeology even has its own society, the Society for Post-Medieval Archaeology. Their interests are: The monastery at Luxeuil in Burgundy had enough land to support 15,000 manors. Another bishop of St Martin of Tours in France ruled something like 20,000 serfs. However, the dataset is probably too small to draw any conclusions as to your main thesis. The answer to both questions is yes. To quote specific examples, the French won major battles after "bad", or rainy, weather at the Battle of Saint-Omer and the Battle of Cocherel. The English won the Battle of Auberoche against the numerical odds (5:1 in that case) in good weather. Hardy seemed to be clear that the quote did not appear in William of Malmesbury's chronicle. "Bromton" here seems to refer not to another translator, but rather to be a reference to the "chronicle" by John of Brompton which is held in the Bodleian Library. In 1192, John forged a treasonous alliance with King Philip II of France while Richard was in captivity in Germany. John returned to England in 1193 with the claim that Richard was dead and that the crown should now pass to him. Unfortunately for John, the government in England had already learned that Richard was alive and a prisoner in Germany.