Once again from a Swedenborgian perspective, though, the answer to this question is very simple: 

I am purposely using an old-fashioned translation (the Jubilee Bible) because it uses the word "breasts" rather than the now archaic word "paps" (meaning "nipples" or "breasts") used in the King James Version, or the word "chest" used in many modern translations. 

Heavenly angels think of God’s divine love as their father, and God’s divine wisdom as their mother. They understand honoring them to mean doing good things from God. 

And one more passage in which God is seen as being like both a master (male) and a mistress (female): 

By "people" here Swedenborg means people living on earth. By "spiritual angels" he means angels of the second, or middle heaven. By "heavenly angels" he means angels of the third, or highest heaven (mentioned by Paul in 2 Corinthians 12:2). 

The old Indian tale of the blind men and an elephant nicely illustrates the idea that even if our ideas about God may differ due to our different cultural and religious perspectives, it is still the same God. 

As asked, this question excludes my denomination, the Swedenborgian Church of North America, since we do not accept the doctrine of a Trinity of Persons in God. (See my article, "Who is God? Who is Jesus Christ? What about that Holy Spirit?") 

Here the Lord speaks of being like a mother to the Israelites. 

In other words, according to Swedenborg, the highest angels, who are the wisest and the closest to God of all the angels, think of God's love as Father, and God's wisdom as Mother. This reflects Swedenborg's overall teaching that male and female, and the relationship between them, come from the love and wisdom in God--which Swedenborg sees as the core reality and being of God. (And note that he here reverses the usual assignment of love to female and wisdom to male--though at other times he sticks with the more traditional assignments.) 

However, if the question is broadened to ask, "Are there any denominations or movements which do call God 'Mother'?" I can respond from my denominational perspective. 

See also the parallel passage in Luke 13:34. 

It is clear that in the cultures in which the Bible was written, God was overwhelmingly seen as male. Almost all of the language referring to God in the Bible addresses and refers to God as a male. And for Christians, there is the additional fact that Jesus Christ, who is "God with us," was a male human being. 

Since according to the Bible there is only one God, all people who worship God (as compared to worshiping idols, deceased human beings, and so on) are worshiping the same God, because there is no other God to worship. 

Among Swedenborgians or "New Church" people historically, God has been seen primarily as male, as in other Christian denominations. However, doctrinally speaking, our church recognizes God not only as human, but as encompassing and having both male and female attributes, and as being the source of both male and female genders and characteristics. 

The Bible states clearly, a number of times, that there is only one God. See for example, Isaiah 45:21: 

In saying that God created humankind male and female in the image of God, this passage suggests that both male and female reflect the nature of God. In other words, this passage suggests that God encompasses both male and female qualities and characteristics, and that we humans get both our maleness and our femaleness from corresponding attributes of God. We are not merely created male and female by God, but created male and female in God's image. 

If you are interested in a fuller presentation of some of these ideas from a Swedenborgian Christian perspective, I take it up in a sermon I preached some years ago, which I've now put online here: "The Mother of All the Living" 

The word here translated "humankind" is adam, which primarily refers to humanity generally (including both male and female human beings), though it can also be used to refer to a male human being. (The specific word for a male human being in Hebrew is ish.) Adam is, however, grammatically masculine, which causes it to take masculine adjectives, pronouns, and so on--hence the reading of "he created him," even though it includes both male and female humans. 

And finally, a somewhat obscure and surprising one from the book of Revelation: 

In Swedenborg's view—and in the view of the members of the various Christian denominations that have been founded based on his theology—Muslims worship the same God as Christians because there is no other God to worship.