Far from being a collection of synthetic statements (empirical generalizations, etc.), advanced scientific theories contain important analytic statements. If we grant (for the sake of argument) that Einstein is the author of the aphorism, my speculative interpretation would be the following: Einstein is not only known as a great physicist, but also as a great popularizer of science. One of the achievements of popular science is to explain scientific notions to an informed public by finding an optimal tradeoff between (1) rendering difficult notions intelligible and (2) conveying what a particular notion actually describes. In this sense one could say that the task is to simplify the notions of science without oversimplifying them - and this task (which Einstein mastered so well) is rendered, as a humorous maxim, in the aphorism quoted. 

Pierre Duhem, Henri Poincaré and Édouard LeRoy stressed the analytic part of scientific theories, discussed its constitutive role and argued the importance of this part for the very concept of a scientific theory. They are known today as philosophers in the tradition of conventionalism. Many of the examples quen_tin gives in his answer where "discovered" by them. First, I take it that by "this statement" you refer to "God does exist" and the like. Feyerabend's point is exactly that an answer to this question cannot be given by experts (including philosophers and scientists), but has to be the outcome of democratic deliberation. Thus he explicitly refuses to give an answer qua philosopher. "Financial profit", "social considerations", "aesthetic values" are all on the table. It is up to democratic decision-making involving society to weight and set up "principles". 

Keep in mind, however, that it would be unwise to require a definition that excludes a priori the hypothesis "every object was created" for there's no principled reason why it couldn't be assimilated in a scientific theory in the future. Search for a definition that prevents a priori the hypothesis from being a part of science and you overstep your aim unnecessarily. Do not confuse the actual lack of a theoretical framework in science with a principled impossibility of such an embedding. The former suffices to justify your uneasiness. 

You might want to distinguish between different types of "non-empirical claims" that come up in science: How are analytic statements justified in scientific theories? It was brought to prominence in modern philosophy of science by Karl Popper, who proposed falsificationism. (I cannot recommend the latter wikipedia entry though.) And that brings me to the difference between (1) and (2). In the context of (1) we can speak of single hypotheses, e.g. empirical generalizations, as being "scientific" somewhat in isolation. But in the context of (2), hypotheses don't exist in isolation, they are scientific in virtue of being part of theories, larger structures connecting many hypotheses with observations, laws, initial conditions and other things. 

Take a look at a nice blog entry about Karl Popper's typology of statements for a more detailed overview. I submit that the hypothesis "every object was created" in your example is of the H2-kind. In a sense, this is more than an analogy. Feyerabend points out that we already have a system in place which doesn't simply follow evidential rules, but weighs evidential criteria against others and trusts non-experts to do this in literally life-or-death situations. He urges us to extend this model: citizens should have the final say in social-political decision-making. I'd think that Dawkins & Co. attack the "empirical" viz. "mythological" meaning of God and the question of its existence and in that respect negative claims of the kind "God (most probably) doesn't exist" or "I don't believe in the existence of God" make sense. 

1 Not in the sense that scientific theories are expressed in the language of mathematics, which is (mostly) thought to be analytic. Probably. There are two common meanings of "scientific" that you might want to keep separate: Yes! Scientific theories include important "non-empirical claims"! 

If I may refer you to an historical antecedent, this point was made a long time ago about disputes over meaningless terms by Rudolf Carnap. What is often forgotten, is that Carnap made an interesting observation precisely over the meaning of the term God. He pointed out that the word is multi-layered, as it were, so that "God" is not just an "ethereal concept": In its metaphysical use, on the other hand, the word "God" refers to something beyond experience. The word is deliberately divested of its reference to a physical being or to a spiritual being that is immanent in the physical. And as it is not given a new meaning, it becomes meaningless. To be sure, it often looks as though the word "God" had a meaning even in metaphysics. But the definitions which are set up prove on closer inspection to be pseudo-definitions. They lead either to logically illegitimate combinations of words (of which we shall treat later) or to other metaphysical words (e.g. "primordial basis," "the absolute," "the unconditioned," "the autonomous," "the self-dependent" and so forth), but in no case to the truth-conditions of its elementary sentences. In the case of this word not even the first requirement of logic is met, that is the requirement to specify its syntax, i.e. the form of its occurrence in elementary sentences. An elementary sentence would here have to be of the form "x is a God"; yet, the metaphysician either rejects this form entirely without substituting another, or if he accepts it he neglects to indicate the syntactical category of the variable x. [p. 4|5] (Categories are, for example, material things, properties of things, relations between things, numbers etc.).