Thomas Cochrane's capture of the 32 gun Spanish frigate El Gamo from his 14 gun sloop HMS Speedy is a good example. He approached under the neutral American flag, a common tactic at the time. By the time Speedy raised her battle ensign she was close that El Gamo could not depress her guns to fire on his much smaller vessel while Speedy fired into El Gamo's crew. Despite being outnumbered 5-to-1, Speedy took El Gamo by boarding action. Following behind a screen of skirmishers, Y can split and attack 1 and 2's flanks simultaneously. This maneuver on Y's part requires great training and discipline. The soldiers of each wing of Y must raise their weapons vertically in the air, rotate 90 degrees as a unit, lower their weapons and attack in the new direction, all while being harassed by the enemy. X and Z thin their ranks to extend their lines to prevent having their own flanks turned. Attacking a gap in the line with slow moving heavy infantry is a sucker's bet. Let's say the armies of Numbers are facing the armies of Letters. Numerically equivalent, but differently deployed. Based on all this, I can draw these conclusions about a human with a bow hitting a man sized target using a modern bow. Archery requires not only aiming at the target, but calculating the elevation and wind drift of the light, arcing arrow. A bullet, in contrast, flies relatively straight at the ranges battles were fought in the 18th century, 100 to 200 meters. Similarly, in the "Hunter Round", the maximum distance is 70m but firing at a 65cm target, twice the width of a man. Man-sized 35cm targets are fired at from ~30m. We can look at the rules of International Field Archery for their expectations. Certain Field Archery competitions are closer to what you'd experience in combat, in particular "IFAA 3-D Hunting" uses animal sized targets placed at unmarked distances. The archer does not know how far away the target is. The maximum distance a target can be placed is 60 meters. This target is 23cm x 37cm wide approximating a man sized target. Alternatively, attacking the gap can result in victory. Maybe the gap between 1 and 2 is wide enough for Y to maneuver. Maybe General Number is slow to react. Maybe the General reacts quickly, but communications are poor and the orders don't reach 1 and 2 fast enough. Maybe Number's cavalry has been defeated, or is off doing something dashing, and Number's reserves have already been committed. Silencers aren't silent. You don't just screw a thing on the end of a pistol like in the movies and get a little "PHOOT". They're more properly termed a "suppressor" reducing the noise and flash of the gun, but it still sounds like a gun. A good suppressor will reduce the noise to about 140 dB which is still extremely loud. Suppressors also come at a cost, reduced muzzle velocity meaning reduced range, accuracy and stopping power. There are a handful of actually silent guns out there, the Welrod pistol being the most famous, but this is a purpose designed weapon with many, many compromises for its level of silence.