Conclavists are (most often) sedevacatists who have gone so far as to say, "since VAII was heresy, the bishops who supported it are heretics. Heretics are incapable of properly electing a pope. Therefore, there is no pope and the See is vacant." * as an aside: indulgences are more properly understood as having to do with the amount of suffering in purgatory, not the length of time there. The sale of indulgences is the sin of simony (selling of holy items) and the temporal punishment is the immediate excommunication of the perpetrator by the very nature of the act. Even accepting money for indulgences has been outlawed since the Council of Trent, which codified it with "let all who disagree be anathema". What you probably really wanted to know After Vatican II the question of how the Church would handle indulgences was left up in the air. Paul VI, in 1968, realizing that there was still some spiritual benefits in them, produced a new list of things which included partial or a plenary indulgence (assuming appropriate circumstances). They no longer equate to "years of penance"* but rather, "part of the suffering of a soul in purgatory" (partial) or "all of the suffering of a soul in purgatory." (plenary) Marriage was the proto-sacrament. It became a sacrament after Christ came. The first document it links to is a This is one of several different valid ways to take it: I believe you're confusing etymology with history. "Protestant" while it may have originally referred to a limited subset of non-Catholic Westerners (specifically, a very small group of Lutherans around the Diet of Speyer in 1529), now (generally) means "non-Catholic Christian" (Rome is not necessarily the definitive standard, however: "Protestant" or may not include Anglican Catholics, Old Catholics, and other, similar groups). This is not a matter of opinion, and the historical claims of any given group are frankly irrelevant. It is what the word means and there is little room for debate on the matter. What made Luther become a full heretic? A large number of things, some personal, some theological. At a minimum, the 95 Theses demonstrate that he was not in agreement with the majority over the place of the papacy. It can also be argued that the concepts outlined in the 95 demonstrate a fundamental departure in an understanding of grace (such as the question, "Why not simply empty purgatory?"). However you interpret those facts, it is undeniable that by the time the Pope was threatening to excommunicate him (making him a clear schismatic), he was already well opposed to Catholic doctrines such as transubstantiation (On the Babylonian Captivity came out that same year). Through Jesus as intercessor, the glory and honor is the Father's. With Jesus as brother alongside us, the glory and honor is the Father's. In Jesus, the Church being his body, the glory and honor is the Father's. All of this is one action with the Holy Spirit (as Jesus acts in unity with the other person of the Trinity) who acts in and with all of us (we are unified as we act under inspiration of the Trinity). Baptism is ambiguous. The baptism of John was not sacramental. I believe that it became a sacrament after the resurrection. Luther disagreed on some fundamental doctrines of the Church, therefore he was a heretic. He also separated himself from the Church, therefore he was schismatic. Ordination can be seen between the resurrection and Thomas's acceptance of that fact. It can also be seen at the beginning of Acts (before confirmation). Answering your question No. It is not true. In any way. I do think that it is a good idea to expand a bit on your title, even though that is not your full question. There are quite a few different liturgical and spiritual groups inside the Catholic Church. Most commonly, you will find Byzantine and other Eastern groups who closely resemble the Orthodox in both practice and theological expressions, but there are other, smaller sub-organizations in the Church (such as the Ambrosian Rite (which is largely liturgical) and the Anglican Ordinariate (which is only a few years old and closely resembles the ways of the Anglican Church)). Depending how you subdivide it, you could even argue that every major order (or even every abbey) can be considered a subset with its own customs, beliefs, and traditions. For that matter, even within a diocese, you will find different parishes behave different ways. The item you are probably referencing is that John Paul II released a new Enchiridion of Indulgences, which is the official list of all of the indulgenced acts from the Vatican. Individual ordinaries (heads of diocese, which can be any priest if necessary) are free to amend this within their juristiction. This means you can have people who have separated themselves from the Church but agree on doctrines (say, the SSPX), and you can have people who claim to be full members of the Church when they really teach something contrary to Christ (like Hans Küng). To answer your title questions This question lacks the short and simple answer: Now, considering the timing — three years from Augustinian monk to full out rejection of transubstantiation (transubstantiation had been an established doctrine for centuries before Luther was born) is not a very long time at all — it is quite probable that the seeds of these disagreements were well established long before the 95 were posted.