It would still be difficult I'm sure because most scenarios dealing with morals are challenging to quantify, but in theory you could. I can see on the face of it how serial rapists do not ensure happiness in the same way that a lawful priest might, and I think you could reasonably argue that. Comparing one set of morals (actions, behaviors) to another under a common end goal is not the challenge — it's proving what the "common end goal" is (the "purpose of life") for all things. That's where it becomes seemingly impossible to prove one's position. But if you can agree on that, you're just arguing numbers at that point. 

Although this will seem at first glance to be a bold statement, the answer to these questions is actually remarkably simple: it's all in how you define sentience. That is, the necessary and sufficient conditions for sentience would be precisely as they are defined. I think what people really want to know—in fact what they might have meant to ask in the first place—is "how would one measure X in another entity?", X being sentience, consciousness, whether it can actually feel pain/love/happiness/sadness, etc. That's where the real challenge lies. This touches on ideas like Solipsism, Searle's Chinese Room Argument, and the mind-body problem in general. But when you are asking for the conditions which make X, you are simply asking for the definition of X; i.e. that which makes X distinct from everything else. 

Let die objection: abortion kills the embryo while unplugging the violinist only lets him die, so abortion is premeditated murder, but with unplugging death is a foreseeable but unintended consequence. 

However, the rights forfeiture doctrine is not without its own problems, which make it unattractive to many. But it has been defended recently by Wellman in The Rights Forfeiture Theory of Punishment, who analogizes the ethics of forfeiture in general to that of self-defense and war killings analyzed by Otsuka, Thomson and McMahan, among others: 

The form of the reasoning is this: 

But I believe that there is more going on under the surface, which makes the tactic so popular. In court there is a notion of legal standing, locus standi. To challenge a law a party has "to demonstrate to the court sufficient connection to and harm from the law or action challenged to support that party's participation in the case". In other words, in court the offered rebuttal might work as an objection to the opponent's standing to challenge the law. Transplanted into a public debate this is a catch 22, "damned if you do and damned if you don't": the opponent is either forced to admit that she has no stake in the matter and withdraw, or admit that she is guilty of X, which is presumably discrediting in other ways. 

A somewhat more idiosyncratic use of "attribute" by Spinoza corresponds to what we would call "aspect" or "perspective", in which a substance is unfolded or under which it is considered. In particular, God and Nature are the same substance considered under different attributes (which is perhaps why we have an adequate knowledge of it). Here are some examples, again from Part II: 

However, we should be careful with transplanting concepts across centuries and philosophical systems, especially as heterogenous as Nietzsche’s and Plato's, or we will end up, like some commentators, with Plato's Republic as a Marxist manifesto. There is more rational "Realpolitik" in Callicles than Zarathustra's Dionysian passion and exaltation.