The state of Maryland is having its rights to decide what it will define as a marriage infringed. So the state of Maryland could have cause to bring a case against the United States. All you need would need to do is convince the State of Maryland to fight in court to affirm its state's rights. I suspect you have better odds of getting Gay Marriage passed in Texas (and getting them to pursue the case) than getting Maryland to fight for states rights since the precedent it would set would be used by other states against other laws(like Obamacare). In this case Maryland sits on its hands(metaphorically) to preserve the Federal Governments Rights to curtail states rights. Mostly the people of the United States. Even most of the highly devout christian conservatives understands why putting the church in charge of the government is a bad idea. But even if you could get every christian in the United States to agree that a Theocracy is a good thing, the decision on which religion gets to dominate would divide them as bitterly, and perhaps even more bitterly, than any policy issue to date including going back to the civil war. And diving further down the hypothetical rabbit hole, even if all those groups could come behind a single denomination, which specific branch of that domination would become another huge battle. And the reality is you are never going to get the Catholics, Baptists, Methodists, Lutherans, and Mormons to ever agree to allow any other denomination besides their own to dominate. The tenets of each religion make their beliefs in how things should be in a theocracy would not permit it. This would seem to violate the constitutional prohibition against the violation of the due process rights of the targeted individuals. Seeing as these citizens are not members of military, and are not necessarily involved in operations against the US, it would seem to preclude the military exemptions authorized in a time of war. How ever to challenge the law's constitutionality you have to first have standing to bring a case. It is generally not enough to show that you may be wronged in the future but rather you have to show that you have been wronged. In this specific case you would either have to be a married gay couple from Maryland that had some right that exists for married people in Virginia denied to you to have cause to bring a case. Further it would need to be denied based upon the DOMA. If it is denied based upon existing Virginia law that is not cause to overturn the DOMA. Many believe this act has had the effect of increasing the powers of the president potentially making this unconstitutional. But there is no law that permits Congress to deploy troops on their own. That responsibility lies solely in the Commander in Chief.