You have an 8 yr. old and a 4 yr. old. In children these ages (esp. the younger child), removing tv for week is an ineffective way to discipline, because the discipline is not tied immediately to the action that provoked it. Response to an unacceptable behavior is most effective when it's immediate and consistent. Also, your discipline seems to have consequences not directly related to their behavior: it consists mainly of taking things away, instead of teaching them better behavior patterns. This method is usually called punishment. The goal of punishment is to inhibit unacceptable behavior. The goal of discipline is to help a child change impulsive, random behavior into controlled, purposeful behavior.[1] Although this is extremely common (especially when tired or stressed), equating discipline only with punishment diminishes both the parent and the child: the parent feels lack of control and confidence, and the opportunity for the child to learn good choices and the self-esteem that comes with them is lacking. 

I started teaching my children about science well before they were able to read. There are so many resources available to help you teach science to children in a wonderful way. Speaking about it in everyday matters around the home should help, too. Kids are so naturally curious, it came pretty easily at our house. 

I think you're wise to be concerned about your children learning science. Children who aren't exposed to science and evolution might, as young adults, feel betrayed when they realize, either in college or by continual exposure due to their own curiosity, that science isn't the lie it was portrayed as being. In rejecting the stories they learned about creation, many reject other things about their faith as well. 

Ask what a particular character in a fairy tale might feel. Ask her how she would feel if you skipped bath time or tooth brushing time (she might like that!) Ask her how she would feel if you didn't read her a story at night. 

I told this to my youngest son when he asked, at about your daughter's age. He asked me if his shell was hard or soft. I answered, "Soft". That night in his prayers and for many nights after, he started his prayers with, "Dear God, Thank you that I'm not a smooshy egg." Somehow this idea disturbed him. So, less than we think is often better with kids. The investment is important. Studies have linked even academics to emotional knowledge. The answer is, you don't. Parenting is a full time job, and the time you put in now will pay you back when she becomes a strong, independent functional societal unit and still loves and respects you. I don't know your home situation. If your wife is a stay-at-home-mom, she needs a break from your daughter, too. 

Google scholar keywords: empathy, child, prosocial, social competence, emotional knowledge 

There are chunks of time that should be your own (away from work), but these should be a small percentage of your time right now. Then there are chunks that should be just your wife and you - a larger percentage of your time. The rest is with your family. 

As she gets older, there will come a time when she will want to shut you out (hard to imagine right now, right?). There will come a time when she will be embarrassed by you, and will even think you don't know anything. It happens with almost all kids. If she's distressed, ask her what would make her feel better. If a character in a story is facing a dilemma, ask what would make them feel 'better/safer/more loved/more valued/etc. Do the same if her brother or her mother is in an emotional situation. Brainstorm meaningful ways to show kindness. 

GIFTEDNESS AND ASSOCIATED DISORDERS: OPPOSITIONAL DEFIANT DISORDER 

Oppositional Defiant Disorder usually makes its appearance before the age of 8... The negative symptoms usually flourish in the family environment but, with the passage of time, they may occur in other situations. Their beginning is typically gradual and usually lasts for months or years. ...[M]any children who suffer from this affliction never have serious problems as [adults]. Oppositional children openly show their unease and tension and use them both to annoy others and also to seek attention and care. This method, which relies on time-outs, may seem too childish to work for your children (as you've indicated, it doesn't seem to work anymore), but it's not. You can discipline your kids without losing your temper, or allowing arguments over your discipline, while giving your children an opportunity to correct themselves before the time out, learning self control and managing frustration without loss of self esteem. It's difficult to understand what children are actually seeking as an answer when they ask a question such as this. Since parents know the whole story, it's a challenge to tease out just enough information to satisfy the child without overburdening them. Asking some questions of them about what they think (maybe talking about other species) might give you an idea of what they are actually asking. Just a story: My eldest thought head butting was hilarious at about 30 months. No amount of kind words and explanations made any difference - until he broke my nose. Luckily at first, I was in too much pain to cry out or say anything. Then the tears (involuntary) and the blood began to flow. I said, very matter-of-factly, "Look! You broke Mommy's nose" and waited a minute before getting something to sop up the blood. I wasn't angry. I wasn't upset. I just let him witness calmly the cause and effect. He doesn't remember it, but at least the head butting stopped!