And if you see from the point of view that Ansari mentioned i.e. for what it is praised, then Al-Hamd is more general. 

“If Muhammad had cast a spell on us then, He couldn’t have cast a spell on everyone! Let us ask the wayfarers who came from the surrounding areas if they saw what we saw.” 

"Work, O family of David, in gratitude." [Surah Saba 34:13] 

Al-Hamd necessarily happens through tongue. However, ash-shukr is possible with the tongue as well as with action. 

On the 14th night, when it was full moon, the prophet Muhammad (PBUH) wanted Almighty Allah to give him the miracle which the polytheists demanded from him. 

Those muslims weren't able to understand this. That is why Allah tells them in the same verse: 

So, from the point of view of where it occurs, ash-shukr is more general than al-hamd, because it includes the praise of the tongue and the action, and al-hamd is more specific because it only occurs by the tongue. 

I, also, have storyline with references (in the link to source), but I am not sure about the authenticity of the all. Most of references are known to me as authentic like Sahih Bukhari, Tirmidhi, Muslim, Musnad Ahmad, Tafsir of Tabari, Qurtubi etc and I am not sure about the rest. But, if you are curious: 

That is an example of Ash-Shukr through action. 

They asked the people who came from every everywhere. 

Annemarie Schimmel (a non-Muslim author of "And Muhammad Is His Messenger: The Veneration of the Prophet in Islamic Piety", University of North Carolina Press, 1985, p.69–70) quotes Qadi Iyaad in support of this miracle as follows: 

When Almighty God let the moon split in half, one half standing over Mount Abu Qubais and the other half over Mount Quayqian, the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) shouted at Muslims: 

This verse is misquoted in this case. I actually laughed because the classical commentaries on Qur'an have explained this verse centuries before and I can see how the people who committed the heinous act of terror have misquoted this verse to suit their purpose and justify their actions. I will provide the historical context of this verse and also the message from this verse. 

Now, this verse - It shows the reality of death. Those muslims feared their death in battle and preferred to remain at their homes. To them Allah said even if you are in your homes, and even if you make big lofty towers and hide inside it, you cannot prevent death. This is the reality of death i.e. we find ourselves healthy and happy and enjoying our lives and death suddenly overtakes us. So, Allah tells them that the matter of death is in the complete control of Allah and death will take them at the time decreed by Allah. Fighting in the cause of Allah doesn't hasten it or locking yourself in lofty towers will not prevent it or delay it. No one can escape death. Everyone has an appointed time, and a limited term of life.