Now, what happens if the formal deduction system is not classical but intuitionistic? Intuitionistic logic is many-valued but rather than modelling truth one models constructability/provability, which instead of using set theory semantics uses Kripke semantics. Now: Now, it turns out that Reinhardt cardinals are the largest cardinals yet defined in ZFC; To refine the question - are they provably the largest possible? Is there in fact provably, or conjecturally a largest cardinal wrt ZFC? (My intuition would say that there isn't). Von Neumann in the early days of Quantum Theory came up with Quantum Logic. He noticed that that the mathematical apparatus describing a system can be seen as a generalisation of ordinary logic. This of course only a formal similarity but he believes in taking this as a serious hint about how to think about Quantum Theory. A subsect of this thought are the ultrafinitists who argue that numbers above a certain threshold, perhaps not exactly specifiable are not constructible, and therefore do not exist. In this school the number of primes are actually finite in number, but the actual number is perhaps not precisely specifiable. One could say that in the foundational thinking, as per the ZFC axioms, they deny the axiom of infinity. For example could one suppose a super-position of truth values? In the early days of quantum theory it was startling to discover that a particle had both particulate & wave properties, as these seemed mutually exclusive phenomena. It was finally understood that a particle was a field; and the questions one asked determined whether one saw a particle or wave. Is there a similar possibility for truth? I'm not really sure that there is a question here;or if there is, I'm having trouble finding it; however: The focus is on relationships between things and not the thing-in-itself (this is not Kants noumena!). This still allows probing the thing or object. For example to find out what elements an object has one examines the totality of all relationships between a point object and the object itself. An alternative way to think about this, is that one can discern two ideas in set theory - that of sets and of functions. Here sets are privileged over functions since functions can be expressed in terms of sets. One directly sees that a set has elements through the membership relation. One could say that the ontology of set theory is sets. Contrariwise Category Theory places both functions and sets on an equal footing and dismisses the membership relation, one discerns the structure of a set through functions, in this way the membership relationship can be recovered. In fact its also possible to do with the idea of sets altogether and retain only the idea of function. Lindstroms theorem shows that first order logic is characterised amongst logics as the strongest one satisfying certain natural (at least in mathematical logic) properties. Numbers are abstractions. They don't exist in the same way that, say, physical objects exist. You can give me two apples, but you can't just give me a two. For why this is necessarily the case, see Agrippa's Trilemma. Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. So, to answer your question: we don't have to rationalize that complex numbers exist. It doesn't matter if they exist or not. As for the example of mathematics specifically, you'll want to look at the argument that begins in section 143, and goes on right up to the Beetle Box argument mentioned above. In short, mathematics is based upon "rule following", and as Wittgenstein shows (in Section 201), "No course of action could be determined by a rule, because every course of action can be made out to accord with the rule." Fortunately, this doesn't hamper our ability to use the square root of 2; from a philosophical perspective, we can do this by adopting a position known as Fictionalism-- in short, we can treat numbers a fictional objects, and substituted them into formulas without making any ontological commitments as to their existence. As long as the substitution satisfies the constraints (which is to say, in a broader context, is adequate to the phenomena) we're golden. In the philosophy of mathematics one is introduced to the Platonic realm where mathematical concepts like the real line and the number one lives - but nothing else lives there. I don't see how either the mathematical discovery of non-euclidean geometries or the physical discovery of non-euclidean geometry of spacetime invalidates Kants reasoning. Physically, in general relativity it is the large-scale geometry that is non-euclidean; and in the small-scale, that is locallY - the scale appropriate to direct human perception (that is not magnified by extra-sensory instruments) - it is euclidean. But this is besides the point; even were we to park ourselves close to somewhere where gravitational forces appreciably altered the curvature of spacetime - I think our direct understanding of space and time would remain euclidean. That is we would see for example a ball following a curved geodesic in spacetime as curved in space and through time and not a straightline. Kronecker studied philosophy in his youth, in particular the doctrines of Hegel. I think Hegel identified the absolute giest (mind/spirit), an actual infinite reached the final resolution of his dialectic, as God. Hegels doctrines were wildly popular. He had declared his faith in a 'concrete God'. I assume his phenomenology of spirit was to construct him, rather I should say conceptualise him. In the naive way we talk about the qualities of God, like goodness and mercy. People like Spinoza & Wittgenstein are clearly influenced by its formal axiomatic structure. Descarte by his cogito looked for an irrefutable beginning to start his excavation of epistemology. Liebniz tried to reduce everything to the principle of efficient cause & non-contradiction. But also quite clearly Spinoza & Liebniz were Christian philosophers - they clearly believed in God; whereas Descarte did his best to find that hypothesis redundant to understand the world. Wittgenstein in Badiou characterisation is an ascetic mystic; Wittgenstein himself stated that the philosophy is not best way to the 'truth' but for those of us who are not genuine mystics to whom 'truth' is revealed or the veil of mystery removed - it is perhaps the only way.