In the interest of fairness when there are no other strong factors like a player having been cut up this ruling works. 

For clarity these days you should precede the limit with the game you are talking about, 5/10 does not really mean 5/10 NL or 5/10 Limit. 

Do any of these games have names, yes they do, names like Guts, which is more a class of poker games that involve large numbers of cards in a players hand, Baseball and Cincinnati. There are books written describing the rules and common names for variations of poker. 

There are variants of poker that use other then the five card rule. Texas Holdem and Omaha do not use other then the five card rule. 

If the best five cards you have, are not better then another players best five cards you loose the pot. If your five best five cards are the same as another players best five cards you split the pot. 

You should ask a tougher question. 

The hand rankings list above in this post is truncated. To provide a perfectly granulated list would require several more hours of typing, you need to be able to fill in the blanks. (The best five cards) 

In the case in question there might of been enough reasons, mainly the low price compared to the stack, a little overlay and position. However, if any of the following conditions had been true I would of let Q-10 go when re-raised. 

Seven card stud is the most common game using hole cards and up cards. It is found on line in several variations, like hi-lo, and Razz. It is also found in a few casinos. 

Technically leaving the pot to be decided by the next hand is most supported by common rules of poker. Jacks or better requires antes, and that you must open with a pair of Jacks or better or the pot remains in the middle to be decided by the next hand. To make the context generic so that it might apply to another game as a poker rule, the precedence is that if no one has a claim to the pot within the rules of the game, the pot stays in the middle to be decided by the next hand. Unfortunately, accept perhaps in rules about jacks or better, there is no rule that says what happens when a pot has no legitimate winner. This is not to say that leaving the pot is not a option, it just means that it is not the only option. However making this decision may not fly with anyone at the table if the pot was really huge and a lot of innocent players had large investments in the pot. 

Technically, under the rule that a player only has a claim to a pot if they table their card face up at showdown no one at the table has a claim to the pot. Under the rules, no one has a claim to the pot! 

With the notation a back slash denoted blinds and fixed limits. A big blind limit game like ten twenty limit, was "10/20". These days with the prevalence of NLHE it should be written "10/20 Limit". This describes a game that the pre flop and flop you bet one unit, turn and river is two units, unless blinds are specified the default is small blind of half a unit (or so) and big blind a full unit. 

Each player in a basic game of poker is given five cards to make their hand. There are variants to the game where players receive more then five cards and players have community cards. However it is the best five cards of a players hand that make their hand. 

Let me clarify what I am getting at in the italic. He made a good play pre-flop. He raised the hand, which is what you simply do with almost every hand you play at a four handed final table. Even with marginal hands. The thing that happened is that he was re-raised.