1) Congress has the right to promote the general welfare 

Proponents of its creation argued at the time that Congress had authority under the Taxing and Spending Clause and Commerce Clause of the Constitution to create an education agency at the federal level. 

Therefore, Congress can create a Department of Education. 

II. When the managers of an impeachment shall be introduced at the bar of the Senate, and shall signify that they are ready to exhibit articles of impeachment against any person, the presiding officer of the Senate shall direct the Sergeant-at-arms to make proclamation, who shall, after making proclamation, repeat the following words, viz: "All persons are commanded to keep silence, on pain of imprisonment, while the House of Representatives is exhibiting to the Senate of the United States articles of impeachment against ;" after which the articles shall be exhibited, and then the presiding officer of the Senate shall inform the managers that the Senate will take proper order on the subject of the impeachment, of which due notice shall be given to the House of Representatives. 

Additional concerns about the fourth premise were also raised (i.e. "is the federal government really more efficient at managing such efforts"), but arguments about the effectiveness of the department are really ancillary to the justification for its existence in the first place. 

From Senate Impeachment Rules: 

Once the motion is made in the Senate, the Chief Justice is automatically called upon and sworn in as the presiding officer of the impeachment trial. During the trial of Andrew Johnson articles were passed on February 29th in the House, introduced on March 4th in the Senate and the Chief Justice was sworn in March 5th. To give you an idea of the power wielded by the Chief Justice in such cases, Chief Justice Rehnquist was famously strict during President Clinton's impeachment trial, not even allowing Senators to leave the floor for the entire length of the trial once it began (to the frustration of many Senators). So the trial would proceed in a timely manner once the House passed articles of impeachment. However, if the articles were passed so close to the end of the term that its just not feasible to gather evidence and have the trial, they would expire, like any other bill presented in Congress, at the end of the current Congress as was the case in Illinois when articles of impeachment had to be passed twice, after once expiring, against Rod Blagojevich (who was eventually convicted). The Department of Education was created in 1979 by then President Jimmy Carter. However, the function of overseeing education policy within the country has had some vestige at the federal level since 1867. For the bulk of its existence, until 1979, it existed below the Cabinet level as a office in the Department of the Interior. 

III. Upon such articles being presented to the Senate, the Senate shall, at 1 o'clock afternoon of the day (Sunday excepted) following such presentation, or sooner if so ordered by the Senate, proceed to the consideration of such articles, and shall continue in session from day to day, (Sundays excepted) after the trial shall commence, (unless otherwise ordered by the Senate,) until final judgment shall be rendered, and so much longer as may, in its judgment, be needful. Before proceeding to the consideration of the articles of impeachment, the presiding officer shall administer the oath hereafter provided to the members of the Senate then present, and to the other members of the Senate as they shall appear, whose duty it shall be to take the same. 2) Congress can fund that effort through the laying of taxes In the view of the bill's supporters, the cause of general welfare for the population at large is advanced by educating the populace and preparing them for productive involvement in society upon graduation from school. This sentiment is mentioned specifically in the 1979 bill establishing the department: Here the argument went that because an educated populace is more capable of producing quality goods for sale internationally, and taxing domestically, commerce is effected and can be advanced through federal action. 

The text of the Taxing and Spending Clause reads as follows: After passing articles of impeachment the House of Representatives' role is not done. During the trial in the Senate the House collectively becomes "managers" of the trial and act as the plaintiff in a more traditional trial setting. After voting on the articles they are introduced in the Senate by the House of Representatives, not a Senator. This means that the Senate does not have control over the timeline for the original motion. In fact, they don't even get to control when the House presents the articles to the Senate (that is controlled by the Secretary of State and happens automatically). Opponents, chiefly the members of the Republican Party in Congress in 1979, found this justification to be troubling. Congress they argued was limited to promoting the general welfare through only those powers enumerated in the Constitution's text itself and any remaining efforts fell to the states or individuals through the 10th Amendment which said: A second argument was made justifying Congress' action under the Commerce Clause, which as currently interpreted by the Supreme Court is arguably Congress' broadest authority. The Commerce Clause says that Congress has the power to regulate anything that will have an impact on the nation's economy as a whole. That is: