Founded in the Northern states in 1854 by anti-slavery activists, modernizers, ex-Whigs and ex-Free Soilers, the Republican Party quickly became the principal opposition to the dominant Southern Democratic Party [...] The Northern Republicans saw the expansion of slavery as a great evil. The first public meeting where the name "Republican" was suggested for a new anti-slavery party 

Total income of those earning $1mil + for a year 

-Which guns were banned, and how did their post-ban models differ? 

Not obeying the police is pretty easy if you aren't in the US. They likely do not have jurisdiction outside the US. Failure to follow a lawful order is usually a criminal offense in most US states (I just used the first google link) 

Bradford v. Cardoza lays out the reasons. 

How does compensation for federal public sector vs. private sector employees compare over that time period? 

Is it legal for a police organization that performs police activities to incorporate as a private 501(c)(3) organizations? (If it isn't legal, is Lois Lerner and the IRS aware of this, and do they have any response or have they taken any action to prevent it?) 

Purchasing healthcare isn't a requirement for non-citizens. 

Has the LOC violated copyright by not obtaining permission from Tweeters to reproduce their tweets? 

Persons considering renunciation should also be aware that the fact that they have renounced U.S. nationality may have no effect whatsoever on their U.S. tax or military service obligations. Nor will it allow them to escape possible prosecution for crimes which they may have committed in the United States, or repayment of financial obligations, such as child support payments, previously incurred in the United States or incurred as a United States national abroad. Questions about these matters should be directed to the government agency concerned. 

The only U.S. interest in the Persian Gulf is peace, and this tragedy reinforces the need to achieve that goal with all possible speed. 

Obama was asked this question back in July, but seemed to sidestep it. 

Q: OK, thank you. I want to ask you about two important dates that are coming up. October 1st, you're going to implement your signature health care law. You recently decided on your own to delay a key part of that. And I wonder, if you pick and choose what parts of the law to implement, couldn't your successor down the road pick and choose whether they'll implement your law and keep it in place? 

Well, first off you are going to have difficulty with the term conservative, since it isn't well defined. 

46% of all households pay no federal income tax Of the 76 million households that pay no federal income tax, only 110 thousand make $200,000 or more in income and pay no federal income taxes. This is roughly 1.5%-2.4% of all households with +$200k incomes, and about 0.1% of all zero liability filers. 

The phrase "states' rights", although literally referring to powers of individual state governments in the United States, was described by David Greenberg in Slate as "code words" for institutionalized segregation and racism. 

(6) making in the United States a formal written renunciation of nationality in such form as may be prescribed by, and before such officer as may be designated by, the Attorney General, whenever the United States shall be in a state of war and the Attorney General shall approve such renunciation as not contrary to the interests of national defense.