In physics when we come across actual infinities in the theory it usually signals a failure of the theory. 'Badiou employs two different regimes: being/the ontological/set theory and appearing/logic/category theory.' 

Hume posited a well known critique of causality that goes back to al-Ghazali - that there is no neccesary connection between a cause and an effect. Is it incomplete? There is a constructible sentence that is not formally deducible? 

Formally he interprets Quantum Theory (solely in its mathematics) as a probability calculus based on a non-classical lattice. (Technically speaking it is measure theory generalised from sigma-algebras to ortho-algebras). This lattice is not distributive & is ortho-complemented, whereas the classical boolean lattice is distributive and complemented. 

Confusingly Gödel Incompleteness Theorem refers to the notion of decidability (this is distinct to the notion of decidability in computation theory aka Turing machines and the like) - a statement being decidable when we are able to determine (decide) that it has either a proof or a disproof. If all statements in the language are decidable we call it complete. The theorem says that axiomatic systems containing PA is incomplete - that is there are always statements which we cannot find a proof or a disproof. In a different direction, it's worth noting that some of the mathematical Paradoxes of Cantor, Russell's, Tarski, Turing and Godel have been noted to rely on a similar argument - diagonalisation - which was later marshalled into formal argument (under the auspices of category theory). Is a better characterisation of Gödels incompleteness theorem, in mathematical terms at least, is that there are undecidable statements in a sufficiently powerful proof system (can at least prove the theorems of PA)? The lattice is non-classical because there are measurements we can make that cannot be done simultaneously. This is the content of Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle. 

b. That Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle applied to time & energy seems to imply creation of energy is a standard popular interpretation, however I find this problematic given just how important conservation principles are in physics. Its also rife with philosophical interpretational issues. Taking Heisenberg principle seriously as uncertainty (which is how it was originally thought up) means you cannot be certain as to what energy is available in that time-frame. To ask for conservation at all times means that quantum reality has definiteness - and it is not clear exactly how this happens, if at all - at least in traditional frameworks like the Copenhagen explanation or its modern update Consistent Histories. The question becomes whether the proposition 

You have Godels completeness theorem in first order classical logic which isn't available in higher order logics. This theorem establishes an equivalence between syntactic or formal truth with semantic truth. Formal truth is what can be proved by your logic by manipulating logical sentences according to your deductive system, semantic truth is established in a model of your logic, in fact one says a sentence is semantically true if its true in every model of your logic. 

For an alternative understanding of this long development, one could turn towards Buddhism, especially in Nagarjunas formulation. Here the idea of substance as begun by Aristotle is rejected in its entirety. Existence, in the Western sense, they would argue has no meaning - 'the essenceless of no essence'. 

Given there are now two approaches to foundations, is it arguable that the 'true' Set Theory is something that is only represented in the two approaches? In the same way say that the number '9' is represented as nine or 1001? 

homotopy type theory is a new interpretation of martin-lofs intensional constructive type theory. As the natural logic of homotopy, constructive type theory is also related to the notion of a higher topos. This idea has broadened into the idea of isomorphism in modern algebra with the work of Emmy Noether, and underlined by the Bourbaki school which took a strong line on this - one could term it Structuralism in mathematics, which has a broad sympathy with a parallel movement in the humanities also called Structuralism, prominent in linguistics (by Sassaure) and in Anthropology (by Levi-Strauss), but did not directly influence each other. In mathematics this current deepened into category theory, where one is not allowed to assert that two things are actually equal, but only that they are isomorphic. This is typified by what are known as universal properties which defines an object upto isomorphism. A good definition in category theory is one that is satisfied by some kind of universal property. That this add something fundamentally to mathematics, is seen by the fact, that multiplication (products) are dual to addition (coproduct), a discovery in basic mathematics (with the usual notion of basic) that had not been discerned before.