Place a fast clock (at about 10Hz; turns on 10 times a second). You may go faster - But it will not work with repeaters/comparitors etc. That pulse goes into a command block with this command: 

Also, when specifying the command to run, you do not need a second slash. Secondly, don't forget to run this command in a redstone clock! 

You're better off selecting everybody who the rule fits to run the command on. 

Create a command block that tests for this, on a 20Hz clock (refreshes 20 times a second, the fastest possible clock)... Or slower if you wish. 

To remove all mobs (other than player-placed ones, such as armor stands), simply use the mob spawning gamerule. I don't know why Minecraft seems to be spitting out errors, but what you've typed seems to be correct. Are you perhaps using a version of Minecraft prior to 1.4.2? 

You can make a command block that makes the player execute the command. 

Step 1b. Create a gate. All players have to go onto it when the game starts. When the first player steps on it, they are assigned a scoreboard value in the objective "playerID". This is what we'll be using to identify each player. 

For example, if I am looking for all players with at 5 or more levels, I would use: 

Basically, we create variables to track: 

If the player is inside the area and hasn't been executed yet, show him the title. Mark all players inside the trigger area as executed. If done right, you should have a repeat command block, followed by a chain of chain command blocks with the commands in the order shown. 

How do we do it? This is a module. Repeat this contraption as many times as the number of players you want to track. So, 50 players means making this 50 times, but substituting the playerID for a different number, preferably plus one to the previous one. 

There is also a Minepedia section on the string format should you decide to write them yourself. 

3. Display your title to eligible players. (In the same command chain as Step 2, only continued. Basically, append these to the end of the chain in Step 2.) 

Via Bukkit/Spigot/whatnot plugins: This plugin should do the trick. 

There are several ways you can do that: 

This only requires one repeated chain to fulfil. 

Via command blocks: Differentiate teams by color: Simply use: 

Step 4: Doing something with them. Now that you have an objective that gives a score of '1' to anyone with a skull in their inventory... Or '0' to those without one, you can just make a command block which does things to the players with the score of 1. 

My head hurts. Tough question. 

This would use two command blocks in a chain. The first removes the tag from all players. The second adds the tag only to players inside the area. These command blocks need to remain loaded so I recommend placing them in the spawn chunk. 

Here is a command to check all player's inventories for a diamond: 

In your case, the command inside the other command requires double escaping of special characters. The tellraw list is what needs the extra escaping. 

Use 2 command blocks in a chain. The first command block removes the tag from all players. The second command block tags any player holding a snowball. These command blocks have to remain loaded. I recommend putting them in the spawn chunk. I recommend silencing command block output to prevent chat spam for op's. Use command: 

This will add 1 to the damage-radius objective of only the player that is near the armor stand. 

I am going to use a sword as for this example. With name, lore, and enchants. 

From the ocelot data values wiki link in the answer above: 

Those commands will go positive if a player has the item(s) but is not very useful otherwise. You can also add a scoreboard tag to the player who has the item(s). This allows you to target the players that have the item in other commands: 

Here is the command I used to obtain the sword: 

If you want a simpler command, I would omit it: 

Open Search menu, click Find menu. 

Here is the command I came up with. It gives a black shulker box named 'Shadow Guard Sword' that is filled with stacks of the desired sword. It is a very long command. 

I did not see the pocket edition tag when I gave this answer. This answer will not work for pocket edition. These commands are for Java Edition 1.12.2 

The syntax for the enchant command looks like this: 

To find out more about the changed and new 1.13 commands you can look here: https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/1.13 

What you could do is /testfor a player with a helmet with a custom name scuba. Test for the slot number they have it in, (helmets are 103) This command should do all that: 

If you were to use a command like so: 

The Youtuber Dragnoz also has a great video on how to do things like this. 

/give (players) (item) ((count)) ((data)) ((nbt)) 

Or the gamemode you want. It should look like this. 

I'm running 1.10.2 and this is only a two player game. (For me and a friend) 

This will testfor if they have the item somewhere in there inventory 

However, the new syntax looks like this 

If you would like to test for the item in a certain slot in there inventory then you could use a command like this: 

In Minecraft 1.13 the /give command was changed. 

/give (players) (item) ((count)) 

I'm creating a game and I need a fill command to have a 50-50 chance of opening one of two gates (Ex. This will be activated when a button is pressed to start game). The obvious choice would to use the @r selector, but I don't know how to apply this to a command block command. 

https://www.minecraftjson.com/ 

The give command used to work like this