The Psalms were the work of the Holy Spirit, and could also be considered "prophecy." (See also Matthew 22:41-44.) What I am looking for: I am sure there are "countless" examples in favor of this doctrine, but I am curious what the counterarguments are? I am interested in maybe the top 3-5 counterarguments that a "non-numerologist" would use. “For it is written in the book of Psalms, ‘Let his homestead be made desolate, and let no one dwell in it’; and, ‘Let another man take his office.’ -Acts 1:20 They serve to humble man before God However, Christians do not build their beliefs on the philosophical conclusions of non-Christians; we build our beliefs on Scripture. Therefore, if a Christian uses the term "omnipresent" to describe God, it is a given that it should be defined according to Scripture: God is omnipresent in the sense that He is present everywhere in heaven and in the physical universe, but not in Hell. 1) Scripture describes Day 4 of the Creation week as follows: 

(Isaiah 14:3-21 is the same sort of story, but is about Babylon instead of Tyre.) However, after Satan's initial sin, he appears to have still had access to the realm where the angels stand before God (which we call "heaven"). This is what I was getting at in my "examples" link in my answer (which you linked). Here are the verses from Job that I was referring to: 

From a Biblical perspective the answer is no. God is not present in Hell; that is what makes it Hell! Clearly given the event of Acts 2, explanations of the Spirit's ministry through us (1 Corinthians 12, Romans 12, Ephesians 4, etc.), and constant claims such as the following, it can be safely assumed that the New Testament Scriptures were also Spirit-written. 

Ezekiel 28:12-19, which may be one of the points of confusion, is a prophecy against Tyre (specifically addressed to the King of Tyre). However, it is also partially addressing Satan, who was presumably working through the King of Tyre... for instance, in verses 12-15 it says things like "you were in Eden" and "you were the anointed cherub". It is true that the passage also says "I have cast you as profane from the mountain of God" and "I cast you to the ground". However, we need to read the entire passage and understand it as intended. For instance, it also says things like "by the abundance of your trade you were internally filled with violence" and "you profaned your sanctuaries", referring to the city, not Satan. Furthermore, there are statements like "I have destroyed you... from the midst of the stones of fire" and "I have brought fire from the midst of you; it has consumed you, and I have turned you to ashes on the earth". I don't know of anyone who teaches that this happened to Satan - at least not yet (Revelation 20:10). 

As to the concerns about translating units, one should realize there is nothing sacred about the units. Translating units is merely a helpful aid to the reader who is otherwise unaccustomed to the system. 

There is nothing any more sacred about units in which a thing is measured than in the sylables with which a word is pronounced. 

When Jesus is Baptised, a voice from heaven declares, "This is my son, with whom I am well pleased". If Jesus is just a different view of the same God, why would he say something like this, to himself? It makes God seem a bit arrogant, frankly. The problem with this question is that the Bible is not a single book, and as such does not directly address what "other books" are considered canon. As such, there has only been common consensus as to what is canonical and what is not. (This is also why it is downright silly for people to talk about "suppressed" books or "hidden gospels", because frankly there is no authority on what is or is not canonical.) 

Samson's father Manoah did not recognize the Angel of the Lord until after he and the angel sacrificed to the Lord (Judges 13:16) 

Hate to break this to you, but all Christians are supposed to be sharing their wealth with the poor. 

In making the case against a non-churched Christianity, I would point to: And in my examples, the Bible doesn't say anything about the square of 2 not being 4, nor that Neil Armstrong did not walk on the moon. 

And to scope the question away from "My uncle is a TE, and believes this", please focus on Theistic Evolutionists which have published their views in a book, magazine, or journal (peer review not required; self-published blogs and the like discouraged). This history of playing cards makes references to several places where card games were prohibited in or near churches--I see no reference to church members being prohibited from playing in other locations. 

Some groups may go so far as to prohibit all playing cards. Clearly not all Christian views need to have a Biblical basis. I'm a Christian, and I have the view that the square of 2 is 4, and that Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, however these view are not explained in the Bible. 

This is discussed, from a Catholic perspective, at the Catholic Encyclopedia. Although it doesn't make any dogmatic assertions as to where Catholics believe hell is, it does reference a few scripture verses, and other opinions, which, if taken literally, may indicate a location for hell, but suggests the verses are likely only metaphore. One example: