Thus, the development of the weapon proceeded on two tracks. 

The remedy was a quack preparation promoted and sold at least since 1911 by a convicted criminal and fraudster named Charles Aycock who posed as a doctor. He first tried peddling "Tuberclecide" in Albuquerque, then moved to Los Angeles. In February of 1915 the United States Department of Health issued a bulletin denying that they had been "investigating" this nostrum to counterattack false advertisements being published by Aycock. 

(2) The American broker will buy the cotton in Spanish dollars using a bill of credit drawn on an American bank. In other words the planter will get pieces of paper from the broker (bank notes). These notes are denominated in dollars. 

So, to answer your question, the merchants themselves deal in paper (drafts of various kinds) and eventually any residual imbalances are settled in gold by a few very large banks which consolidate the debits and credits of all of the traders and merchants. 

I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): 

Up to Jan. 11, at Biloxi, Miss., his mileage was 2,081, in straight lines between towns. Rodgers' flight was 3,391 miles. From then to February 17, he flew 436 miles in eleven stages. His itinerary follows: 

The several United States generally followed the practice established under English Common Law of setting the age of majority at 21. To quote: 

I traced down the particular edit which added the phrasing, but couldn't find an explanation. This is a Wikipedia edit, not an authoritative source, so I wouldn't put too much thought into it. 

Unfortunately I don't have specific M4 vs StuG III statistics. For further reading you might look into Steven Zaloga's books particularly M10 Tank Destroyer vs StuG III Assault Gun. The M10 was built on the M4 chassis, and carried a 3-inch gun similar to the M4's 76mm. On the other hand, it lacked armor and had an abysmally slow turret. 

In WWII the main purpose of tanks was not to fight other tanks, it was to support the infantry, either in the infantry support role (infantry / heavy tanks like the Matilda or early Panzer IV) or cavalry role (medium and light / cavalry / cruiser tanks like the Crusader). Good WWII tank design considered these elements. 

While Midway allowed an early attack, the rushed attack should have failed. Spotting the Japanese carriers later would have resulted in a better coordinated attack with a better chance to succeed. 

Midway was far better defended than the Japanese anticipated (which should have tipped them off that something was wrong), and they had been attacked (ineffectively) by land-based Midway bombers. This convinced the Japanese that a second strike was necessary. Just as they were about to recover the first strike force and preparing the reserves for a second strike, the American carriers were spotted.