It's such a shame that she keeps missing out on things through her own behaviour. At first we thought she'd learn by the missing out, but she sticks to it. For example, recently we headed out on a family trip for a little treat: a cup of hot chocolate on a cold winter day. We asked her to put her coat and hat on and she refused, saying she was warm enough. We insisted and said she wouldn't be able to go out and have chocolate if she didn't. At which point she said - and this is what often happens - that she didn't want the chocolate, and appeared to mean it. 

This seems to be to represent quite astonishing self-restraint for a 7 year old. And while she's very well behaved and good tempered most of the time when this kicks off - maybe once a week - there is just no bringing her round. She misses out of treats, trips and things she wants to do because she backs herself into a corner and will not come out. Sometimes it rises to a tantrum and she's banished to her room for a half hour and still she cannot be reasoned with, and sticks to her insistance that she doesn't really want whatever it is. There seems to be no unifying factor in what causes it: sometimes it's just like she wants to assert herself and have a fight. 

EDIT: I seem to have phrased this question badly. I'm prepared to deal with the stubborn decisions (like not taking the coat). What I'm struggling to deal with is the aftermath: in my example she eventually complied with the request, but still refused to have the reward for doing so. The end result is that she went out - with her coat and hat because we insisted - and sat with a face like thunder while her big sister and everyone else enjoyed their chocolate. Nothing we could say or do would make her have the chocolate, even when we pointed out that because she had worn her coat, as asked, she was okay to have it. 

In another example she wanted to take a medal she'd won to school for show and tell because she was - deservedly - proud of it. We asked she put a sticker on the back of it with her name, in case it was mislaid. She initially refused, then - sulkily - complied. However when she got home she said she hadn't shown it to the class because she "wasn't proud of it any more" and stuck to her guns through the week. I do not understand this behaviour at all. In my experience of parenting, children generally have poor reactions either because of miscommunication or because they find it an effective way of getting attention. Neither is the case her: she understands what's on offer and what she needs to do to get it. When the stubborness starts, we just make our "final offer", then back off. If she escalates and we're not going out, she's sent to her room. If she doesn't we stick to our guns and just ignore the resulting sulk.