After the question was amended: Note there is no such thing as “active” and “passive [offside] position” in the Laws of the Game, those are just jargon terms. For an offside to be called, the player must be “involved in active play” by one of the three exactly defined activities listed above. The first one was definitely not the case here: 

We are talking about the last point in this case. And, in the official interpretation of the Laws of the Game (p. 102), it is defined thus: The second one is slightly closer, but still, no go: The crucial question here is whether Jelavić received the ball after it rebounded to him off an opponent, or if the opponent played the ball. 

Simplifying it a bit, touching the net is a fault only when The referees obviously decided the Irish player has played the ball, therefore, this was not an offside. And I would say this was a correct decision, given the time it took the ball to pass through the defense line – it was not a quick rebound, the ball stopped there for a second. (But I could not find a close-up video of what exactly the Irish player did with the ball.) Jelavić did not obstruct anyone’s line of vision or movements, and he definitely did not deceive/distract the opponent, since the Irish defense probably did not see him at all. 

The FIVB Rules of the Game Volleyball Casebook, 2014 edition lists several examples (examples 3.13–3.22; pages 11–12), where it is made clear that: These are perfect examples of cases where touching the net is not a fault. The current net-touch rules are constructed so that almost no inadvertent net touches are faults. Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): Which leaves us with the last option debated above. None of the three points was fulfilled, therefore, no offside. Even if the foul occurs before the ball has entered the goal, the referee will allow the goal to stand, and take appropriate action against the player committing the foul if required. This scenario falls under the purview of the Advantage Rule, where the referee is allowed to let play continue, even if a foul has occurred, if the team against whom the foul is caused has a sufficient advantage as deemed so by the referee. 

• the severity of the offence: if the infringement warrants an expulsion, the referee must stop play and send off the player unless there is a subsequent opportunity to score a goal • the position where the offence was committed: the closer to the opponent’s goal, the more effective it can be The decision to penalise the original offence must be taken within a few seconds. Even if the attacking team has caused an offence after the ball crosses into the goal, the goal stands and the referee then penalizes the player who committed the offence. Play then resumes via kick off. The only reason a goal would not stand even if ball has entered the goal, is if the attacking team has caused an offence before the ball crossed the goal line. In all other cases, it's a fault of the side which hit the shuttle: 

Bear in mind that Badminton players are usually good sportsmen. Cards are very rare compared to other sports. At national levels, tournaments will often finish without a single card. At international levels, I estimate that cards are only shown in about 1% of matches. In particular, black cards are exceptionally rare - the last one at international levels dates back to 2013. §13.3.2 It shall be a fault if, in play, the shuttle fails to pass over the net; For more information about the procedure and infractions, refer to the Recommendations to Technical Officials(RTTO) and §16 of the Laws. Note that all kinds of warnings can also be handed out before or after the matchRTTO 3.7.7, for instance when a player misbehaves upon losing. 

At the 2016 All-England finals, Wang Shixian was shown a yellow and a red card. This Guardian article even has a picture of a black card. What do these cards mean, and when are they typically shown? It depends on who hit the shuttle in which situation. According to the Laws of badminton: 

If referee and umpire agree to disqualify a player, the referee will hand a black card to the umpire, and the umpire can then show it to the player in question. Black cards are only shown for very major infractions, such as losing intentionally, hitting opponent or umpire with the racket and the like. A black card entails disciplinary action by the BWF or national federation.