Those disobedient spirits are obviously in Hell. We are not born sinners. Think about it, if we were, then Christ would have been a sinner and therefore the entire story would collapse. You do not break any of God's laws by merely being born, as by his design, nor by being in existence, as per his design. 

YES, He did. 1 Peter 3:19-20 (NIV) There are all kinds of verses that touch on Hell being deep inside the earth, and we know that inside the earth is molten sulfur. Also referring to Jesus first descending to the inner earth before ascending into Heaven. He called a little child and had him stand among them. And he said: “I tell you the truth, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. 

We see Jesus telling us to be like the children. If the Children were sinners, Jesus would not have likely condoned their activity. 

We see that every child has the option to Obey or Disobey God in Isaiah. 

At that time the disciples came to Jesus and asked, “Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?” 

His soul went to Hades but it was not left there. 

Personally, I think that (^^^) is our collective best hope for an agreeable outcome, that doesn't trample the rights of anyone. I think we're tantalisingly close to the first bullet, although I honestly think we're about a generation away from the second (but I would hope to see it much sooner). 

That said, the virgin birth is a particularly tricky one as it isn't universal, and some maintain that the correct translation is "maiden". I won't bother copying it all, but see Wikipedia under the heading "Pope Benedict XVI and today" (which has both the relevant quotations and sources). Furthermore, Pope Benedict XVI officially distances the (Roman) Catholic church from both YEC and ID (leaning towards theistic evolution). 

To offer some commentary on the above: To directly answer the question: (and this is a speculative outcome) 

The key claim here tends to be the assertion that Christianity (via Judaism) defines marriage (itself a tenuous claim, with polygamy being common, and no formal final definition) and pre-dates civil institutions (claimed since if you use the Biblical account, marriage goes right back to genesis, therefore to the start). And the Bible defines marriage as one woman and one man. This is then used to make a claim that marriage is therefore "owned" by religion (and specifically, in this case, Christianity). 

Islam, of course, has a glitch here in that it needs to accommodate the marriage of Aisha (often taken to be around 9) with the view of Muhammad as the ideal Muslim, which makes it rather hard for Islam to make a statement that such marriage is inherently wrong. However, even in Christianity (and OT in particular), the fact is that many (not all) of the laws around marriage are more about property laws (with the wife being the property) than of human rights-of / decency-towards the wife. 

I'm not Catholic myself (or even religious) but: credit where due: the Vatican knows the Bible pretty well - and they're happy to go with what the scientists say with regards to the age of the Earth. 

The problem is: that only works if you accept the Bible as literally true, which even many Christians do not (and especially for books such as Genesis). Most countries are run via neither theonomy nor theocracy, and the Bible is rarely used as the code of law. History shows many examples of cultures that have had fully legal and official homosexual marriages, right up until Christianity came along and made them illegal (often, as was the case in Rome, executing those already married as such). If you don't presume the Bible's claim of marital authority (which indeed, a government in a pluralistic society should not, and explicitly must not in the case of the US), then that leaves marriage as a legal institution, not a religious one. This is then further supported by pre-existing rules on marriage by the state, such as: We see that every child has the option to Obey or Disobey God in Isaiah. 

At that time the disciples came to Jesus and asked, “Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?” 

YES, He did. 1 Peter 3:19-20 (NIV) 

Also referring to Jesus first descending to the inner earth before ascending into Heaven. 

We are not born sinners. Think about it, if we were, then Christ would have been a sinner and therefore the entire story would collapse. 

We see Jesus telling us to be like the children. If the Children were sinners, Jesus would not have likely condoned their activity. His soul went to Hades but it was not left there. You do not break any of God's laws by merely being born, as by his design, nor by being in existence, as per his design. 

Those disobedient spirits are obviously in Hell. 

He called a little child and had him stand among them. And he said: “I tell you the truth, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven.