As the reasons of the latter they usually say of treason, incest and patricide. Yet note that the term "treason" (or, to say it right, "perduellio") was quite a special thing - it was a crime against the state and the order, not just "a treachery" in a modern sense. 

Not really. The point is that Romans belived that public execution is also a too deep shame for any citizen. That means that they practised: 

On the matter of "patricide" and the punishment for it called Poena cullei, it's better to read the corresponding article in Wiki, which is quite comprehensive: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poena_cullei 

Here Livius says about early Republic hero Publius Horatius who killed his sister. As she was a free citizen, then public murdering without a lawful reason was considered as a crime against the Roman state itself! 

Talking specifically about Syria after Crassus death, Cassius had to take care of the province for about next two years. The new proconsul - well-known Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus who was consul in 59 B.C. together with Ceasar - was sent only in 51 B.C. But this should be considered as an absolutely critical situation (e.g. in 52 B.C. Pompeus Magnus was consul sine collega). Under normal circumstances the senate would find the new candidate much earlier. 

One of the leading factors to account for the widespread dismissal of the sheer possibility of ancient visual instruments seems to be the lack of durability for the physical objects in question. In more favourable conditions such objects such objects did survive: 

But this is one of very few instances that the Romans before Constantine really imposed their religious views and disregarded what the locals felt about these issues. While it apparently should not be called 'tolerance' any longer, Roman religious policy was at least far more respecting to indigenous religions as to make this "erecting offensive statues" not the general norm. They just added to their own pantheon and requested similar worship from the locals for the state religion. 

One example for why these statements, like the one from the question ending in "were banned" are very likely overly comprehensive can be found in a famous actor: Pylades. Born a slave, became an actor, freedman and didn't stop there. 

In conclusion it looks as if "…were banned" is a quite contestable depiction of simplicity. Before answering "why" we need to ask when and where, or were they?