Jaime Alvar: "Romanising Oriental Gods. Myth, Salvation and Ethics in the Cults of Cybele, Isis and Mithras", Brill: Leiden, Boston, 2008. Religion and tradition, especially law, was also for a long time quite similar to their gaulish brethren. They practiced human sacrifices (allegedly; mostly prisoners of war – archaeology seems to confirm hat) and had great reverence for Drynemeton (gallic: nemeton), an oak grove, that fits with Caesar’s account of the Gaulish druids. The Galatian telesphoros may be identical to the Hooded Spirits Genius cucullatus. Further, many Greek gods also were augmented with gallic cognomen: for example Zeus Bennios (Ζεὺς Βέννιος; Gallic benna, "car"). Some rivers were rechristened to Gallos (Υάλλος). But what this entails in republican times is quite different from our modern understanding of 'military medicine': There are both social and intellectual reasons for this reluctance. The true practice of medicine is incompatible with the indecent pursuit of ‘quaestus’, monetary gain: for all his knowledge, Celsus and many of his intended audience were and remained gentlemen, interested at least as much in warfare and agriculture as in medicine. Like Cato, Celsus implies that one should confine one’s medical attentions to one’s family and friends, and certainly not attempt to treat large numbers of patients all over town, for one would not be able then to give them the individual attention so necessary for a cure. (Nutton p169.) The modern definition of germaphobia (mysophobia) is too dependent on the knowledge of the existence of germs. If we look at the essence of its meaning, the fear, sometimes obsessive, of contamination, defilement and impurity, then this concept might be seen as very widespread in antiquity, with the caveat that ancient and modern observers might have quite different ideas about the concrete meanings applied to those who were or are observed. The oldest lens suitable for this purpose and still "somewhat in working oder" seems to be the Nimrud Lens: which is only 3000 years young. Although it is duly noted that: Justin K. Hardin: "Galatians and the Imperial Cult. A Critical Analysis of the First Century Social Context of Paul's Letter", Mohr Siebeck: Tübingen, 2008. 

Atsuhiro Asano: "Community-Identity Construction in Galatians: Exegetical, Social-Anthropological and Socio-Historical Studies", Bloomsbury Academic: London, New York, 2005. 

Vivian Nutton: "Ancient Medicine", Routledge: London, New York, 22013.