Big Leagues - This is the end goal, what players often work between 2 and 5 years to get to. Once they are here they finally start making the money they dreamed of and can play baseball at the highest level. 

It's also important to know that there are only so many guys in the league who can go through the same batting order 3 times and not give up a ton of hard hit balls the third time through the order. That means that for many starting pitchers their maximum efficacy is 6 innings. There is even a stat for this, it's called the Quality Start, that's when you go at least 6 and give up fewer than 4 earned runs. 

There are many good reasons and many bad reason to back load a longterm deal for a baseball player. Lets start with the good: 

High A ball - Advanced players will sometimes start here, but it's often the second half of year one, or year two for players who do all right. 

An appeal is made by either tagging the runner or the missed bag. The pitcher will throw the ball to the fielder and the fielder will tag the base. If there is confusion the fielder will need to verbally tell the umpire they are making an appeal. However, I've never seen a case where verbal communication is required. If the fielder knows to ask for the ball, the umpire has also seen the miss. 

Most of your relievers are guys who were drafted as starters and washed out in the minors from starting roles because they couldn't cut it. Heck a lot of guys who pitch in relief even started in the majors for a while before being replaced by someone who is better at it. 

Short Season A ball- Often the first stop for prospects, this is usually a short season league that plays part of the summer. Gets kids ready to play professional baseball with a season that is only slightly longer than the typical college season. 

Not sure where to stick this so it gets put in a post script. This is a really cool chart and it illustrates what I'm talking about using ERA. If you look, especially at the last line, the MLB numbers. You can see that the first inning is universally pretty rough, but after that a starter settles in it is pretty good, until about the 5th or 6th inning, and their ERA starts to creep up again. After that you get to see just how effective modern bullpens are. The better question might actually be "why aren't all pitchers throwing shorter outings."