The scholars of Islam have tried to find a reconciliation between Hadiths like the above and the ones that narrate that the Prophet (pbuh) forbade reading prayers after the Asr, however there is no agreement on this. Some believe that the Prophet (pbuh) did not continue to read this prayer. Others believe that the Prophet (pbuh) read it for a specific reason (i.e. missing the after-the- Zuhr- non-obligatory prayers) but then continued reading it regularly because once he read it, as a prophet, he would make it upon himself to make it his habit and to read it every day. Others consider this prayer to be specific to the Prophet (pbuh). Then there are those who believe that the directives that forbid reading prayers after Asr have abrogated the allowance that can be derived from the above Hadith. However, others have said the opposite, i.e. it is the above allowance that have abrogated the forbidding directives. - Refer to Fat'h al-Bari, Sharh al-Bukhari by Ibn Rajab, 5:78-100 

It is reported in Sahih Bukhari Volume 001, Book 012, Hadith Number 724 as 

If you missed a rakat in prayer you should repeat the salat as you missed an obligatory(fard) action. 

View among the Shia scholars is that reading prayers after the Asr prayer is neither forbidden nor disliked. There are another groups of Hadiths that narrate that the Prophet (pbuh) prohibited praying and burying the dead during sunrise and sunset and when the sun is in its meridian. It is likely that the Hadiths that forbid reading prayers after the Subh prayer and after the Asr prayer in fact refer to the times when it gets very close to sunset or sunrise. 

Making salam after second or third rakats in a four rakaat prayer, both are same, you had missed some compulsory(fard) things in salat. So, you should pray again that four rakat. 

The scholars mentioned that if there is space in front of the imaam and no space behind the two people who are praying behind him, the imaam should move forward, but if there is space behind them and no space in front of the imaam, then they should move back. If there is space both in front of the imaam and behind the two people, the two people should move back and the imaam should not move forward, because he is to be followed and should not move, and because the imaam should pray with a barrier in front of him such as a wall or pillar, etc. 

2- Sleep early. Can't emphasize more on this point. If from your experience you know if you sleep after this specific hour that you will not be able to wake up for Fajir, the scholars said it is haram for you to stay late until that hour. For example, If you know if you sleep after 12 you will not be able to wake up. Then it is haram to stay awake after 12. 

Solutions to missing Salah-ul-Fajir 

Fajir, The Lazy Killer...How to become productive 

3- Dua'a, Dua'a, and Dua'a(supplications). Make Alot of Dua'a that allah can help you wake up for fajir. Again, depends on your Niyah. How honest you are in your Dua'a, how much allah will help. 

Without any delays, Ingredients are: 

Let me end this point with this story, 

The advantage of the 2nd and 3rd options is that you may be included under those mentioned in the hadith of the prophet (PBUH): 

1- Alarm to wake you up. Nowadays they sell flying Alarms. The only way to turn it off is to climb. Amazon link here 

6- The last one which many people don't pay attention to is YOUR SINS 

Sajda-sahw is required in a salat, when one forgets to perform wajib things like sitting in atthayaath after second rakaat is wajib. If you missed that means you need to perform Sajda-sahw. Here, you don't need to do that. 

Making incorrectly the sujood and rukooh led to pray the salat again 

The scholars mentioned that if there is space in front of the imaam and no space behind the two people who are praying behind him, the imaam should move forward, but if there is space behind them and no space in front of the imaam, then they should move back. If there is space both in front of the imaam and behind the two people, the two people should move back and the imaam should not move forward, because he is to be followed and should not move, and because the imaam should pray with a barrier in front of him such as a wall or pillar, etc. 

Malikies and Shafe'ies do allow it but consider it disliked (Makruh). 

View among the Shia scholars is that reading prayers after the Asr prayer is neither forbidden nor disliked. There are another groups of Hadiths that narrate that the Prophet (pbuh) prohibited praying and burying the dead during sunrise and sunset and when the sun is in its meridian. It is likely that the Hadiths that forbid reading prayers after the Subh prayer and after the Asr prayer in fact refer to the times when it gets very close to sunset or sunrise. 

A Hadith from Shahih-Al-Bhukhari states that 

If you missed a rakat in prayer you should repeat the salat as you missed an obligatory(fard) action. 

Making salam after second or third rakats in a four rakaat prayer, both are same, you had missed some compulsory(fard) things in salat. So, you should pray again that four rakat. 

If a third person comes and joins two who are praying, then the one who is praying behind the imaam should move back, because of the report(required content taken from large hadith) below,