One of my favourite quotes, not by a parenting expert: 

Caveat: In this case there are two contestants, but the same process can be applied for larger numbers of children. 

It is hard to phrase this question, as it is an psychologically oblique problem. 

My oldest son has finished school, but my younger two have just started and is about to start high school. This means making new friends and meeting new parents of their friends. 

Their father died 10 years ago, so no father. 

I have three children: Two sons, 19 and 13. A daughter 12. 

It's the getting a reaction from me that's not so easy. As a parent, a human being, I get worn down and my reserves of patience can become emptied, and so I snap or react. In this case I react, because I know he is intelligent and provoking me. 

There would be varying views about this, I am sure, but am interested in hearing some of them. Any suggestions on how I should manage this? 

I have not banned her socially, as she had a tendency to be socially isolated, except for the influence of one friend. An older girl, who had attitude, plus, plus. I noticed her attitude and behaviour deteriorating when she was in touch with this girl. She was identifying with the "older" girl and trying to behave "grown up". I have carefully steered her away from the "popular" girls over the past few years and, successfully, encouraged her to mix with a group of girls who are a little more innocent. 

The will be an apex of maximum rebellion. This varies between individuals, though I tend to observe 14 years is a time of increasing confidence and cockiness. That's when the big guns are pulled out, to push at the boundaries. So whether you are a step parent, an adopted parent, a birth parent, some teenagers (not all) will say hurtful things. If you believe you are being reasonable, and you can validate this with feedback from peers and family discussion in calm time; view the rebellion as an indication that you are being a responsible and good parent. 

Basically I have followed the same principles with her as with my younger son. The differences being: 

The essence of this question is not so much, how to change my behaviour (which is always a must), but 

My daughter went through a stage of hair loss. She had very long hair and would wash it and tie it back in a very tight pony tail without drying it. She was also straightening it frequently and the heat was drying out the ends of her hair. 

As for malnutrition, or other medical reasons for hair loss, I wouldn't want to speculate on an online site like this. 

I thought I should add this about the culture of Halloween here: 

They are both maturing and going through puberty. 

Firstly I defined the rules for them clearly from the start to avoid nitpicking fights! 

In terms of any medical providers, schools etc, it is vital that they are aware of the nature of their father's death. 

At one point or another each of my children have told me they hated me (when young and being told they couldn't do/have something they wanted). I've never taken it to heart and my response would be something like, well I love you, or that's a shame and leave it at that for the time being. If their behaviour has been explosive or over the top in an attempt to get their own way, I firmly stand my ground; but it is later when things are calm, that I will sit down with them and discuss their reactions.