FYI: Letters of marque and reprisal are old English terms for taking actions to sanction another country or state for violating their laws. A bill of credit refers (in this case) to monetizing carbon credits or some such system of cap and trade that would have the effect of turning them into a tradeable commodity on par with currency. The issue with China is that they have laid claim to nearly the entire South China Sea, an area that covers over 1.4 million square miles (3.5 million sq. km). The legitimacy of that claim is recognized by no one except China. The U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea (a treaty which 167 countries have signed on to) defines sovereign territorial waters (and airspace) as a zone extending 12 nautical miles from a country's coastline, and an exclusive economic zone up to 200 nautical miles away. China's claim to the South China Sea (the "Nine-Dash Line") extends far, far beyond that. 

Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. Since rule changes can be filibustered the same as any other vote, cloture can be required on them. The bolded section means that cloture on rule changes needs the full 2/3 supermajority, rather than the lesser 3/5 one. This is an attempt to protect the rules from constant editing. However, it's important to realize that this only affects cloture votes on rule changes. It does not affect votes on rule changes themselves (if no one filibusters and thus requires cloture), nor does it explicitly prevent alternative means of altering the rules which don't require cloture. 

The cleanest possibility here is that by refusing to take the oath, the President-elect renders himself "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office". The VP will notify Congress, and become Acting President. He will stay Acting President for the entire 4-year term, and then be eligible for a single extra term as President. 

Clause 6, while partially overridden by the 25th Amendment, states: 

Furthermore, governments are concerned with the present as well as "the long term". The USSR lasted for 74 years (1917-1991). Cuba has been Communist for 58 years and counting (1959-). The US government wanted to have friendly regimes in other countries immediately, not many decades in the future. 

The party convention The formal nominations for President and Vice President are made at the party convention. The exact rules are complex, and subject to change. In short, delegates with voting rights at the convention are chosen in the primaries. The Democrats also have so-called superdelegates, who are not chosen by primaries, and include members of Congress and party officials. In theory, the nominee does not have to be the one who won the greatest number of delegates in the primaries. Explanation of the quote As the linked article notes, the background to Graham's remark is an exceptional level of conflict between President Trump and the Republican Senate caucus: