One-shot cosmologies are naturally simpler logically in several ways: why we assume there is a remainder, whether we can even know of the existence of a remainder, and whether, if we are sure we can't know, it is more logical to just assume there is none. As I see it Tegmark is just proposing the exact opposite of the Kantian notion of noumena in an indirect form. Kind of by definition, even for Kant, the nature of noumena is an unresolvable question. If we relied logically upon noumena for any real purpose other than inspiration, our inability to access them would contradict the idea that we are fully capable of becoming intelligences and doing things like acting morally. In the best cases: cultures like Louisiana slave populations constituted from randomly selected African nations, with multiple religions that respect one another; or periods of Islamic history when folks were OK with competing-but-not-hostile leadership of the same religion; or periods of Christian history when Alchemy and Astrology were seen as "echos of God's Will" -- people have used the word 'Magic' to refer to the other peoples' miracles. But they do not give those classified objects more structure or more power, and they cannot capture all the detail of any one of those domains. So in the end, they provide leverage, but no new power. And they do not replace the separate domains. Nor do they give an overall view that would choose one to be best. The equivalent Universal Logic would have the same nature. If one particle bounces off of another, the effect is determined by the interaction of the two particles as waves, so it is just as uncertain as our human observation via an instrument would be. I don't see the disconnection needed to make this a non-sequitur. The Copernican Principle is properly applied here, and if anything, too healthy. (From a Nietzsche angle, in rejecting the deductions of our slave-morality religion: that we are all equally special and masters are evil cheaters; we have taken up an even more slave-morality position on specialness: that we are not worthy -- we do not deserve it, but someone must.) Your interpretation is a bit wide of the mark. Inanimate things do not appear to work under purely deterministic principles, at least at the quantum level. Of course that bias is what allows us to sort through differences and learn categorizations. But it is not a fact, it is an assumption. Even if Kant is right in making it the basic content of a Category, meaning that it is necessarily shared by all thinking beings, we do not see the truth, we only see what aspects of reality are compatible with thought. If you think math is somehow independent of human psychology, and not the collective set of modelling tools at its disposal, then the consistent meeting up of fact and form becomes much more mystical. But then that big mystery becomes a good reason to question that independence. So the material is simply a subset of the imaginary -- and only in that sense can it be perceived, so only in that way does it actually exist. That depends on what you think math is. Of course there are so many particles, on any normal scale, that this almost never matters. Immediately after one interaction, there is another, and another. Fairly quickly some of those contribute to some noticeable effect on our shared reality, and things are decided. The way we choose to model space involves infinite divisibility, but that does not mean that anything infinitely divisible actually exists. Chemistry seems to disagree, and physical theories like 'quantum foam' disagree even more profoundly. The easiest way for use to think of solids is as something infinitely divisible. But we know they are atomic. Even the underlying space may ultimately not be infinitely divisible. The distinction of magic from science, before the modern period, is equally weak. Was Arabic Alchemy magic, religion, applied philosophy, or underdeveloped science? Which is Kabbalah? The distinctions become silly, even in the West. In a less precise and less demanding spirit, Everett suggests that every event splits time into a continuum of options, and those may or may not 'collapse' back into the same 'world'. So there may be multiple possible worlds, and you are just in one of them due to fine details, while other versions of you are in the others. Again, no randomness: every reality gets its own 'you', and all the bases are covered without any random choice. Given that theory of what mathematics is, the question then becomes, in stages of progressive aggressiveness: Religion and magic are actually equally common. But people prefer to call their magic religion, when they can get away with it. The idea that supernatural forces affect real life is a valid religious principle in almost every religion, even those without gods.