Kym Anderson and Lee Ann Jackson over at AgBioForum wrote a great piece from the perspective of ratifying the difference between both sides with the results they produce: 

Note: This seems to have already started 

The Wisconsin Republican addressed reporters minutes after GOP leaders abruptly shelved the legislation, averted likely defeat for the bill. But it still dealt a damaging setback to President Donald Trump, Ryan and an entire party that has long said it wants to annul Obama's statute. 

Written in Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation: 

The Regulation of GMOs in Europe and the United States: A Case-Study of Contemporary European Regulatory Politics Differing U.S. and European Perspectives on GMOs: Political, Economic and Cultural Issues The U.S. and EU: Different Approaches 

Background As noted in Participatory Budgeting in Brazil (.PDF) 

(iii) The Presidential Memorandum of November 3, 2015 (Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment); and 

In Michael Flynn's Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say: 

The existence of Mr. Trump’s request is the clearest evidence that the president has tried to directly influence the Justice Department and F.B.I. investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. 

Context Reading Man who threw boiling water on gay couple will spend 40 years in prison: 

Would it be possible for the Senate Democrats to block any of Donald Trump's nominations within the 52-48 Republican majority Senate? or would this be deemed implausible as a minority? 

With the withdrawal of the ACHA bill due to shortage of votes 

Craig Healy, assistant director for national security investigations at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said as he struggled to defend the administration’s meager efforts. 

How can Trump make Mexico pay? Tax reform. 

An estimated 40% of illegal immigrants come here legally through visa programs. Immigration agents catch an abysmally small percentage of the illegal immigrants who arrived on visas but overstayed their welcome, authorities admitted to Congress Tuesday, describing a loophole that those around the globe are increasingly using to gain a foothold in the U.S. 

Trump criticized the border adjustment this weekend Here is why he should: It would force Mexico to give us every penny we need to pay for the wall, and then some. 

The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center noted at least 10 taxes written into Obamacare that would be repealed or delayed under the new plan, including the “Cadillac” tax that is set to kick in in 2020 but would be delayed until 2025 under the new plan. 

Live at your present address at least 30 days before an election I believe that Spider-Man could pass this requirement without providing a documented address because homeless people are allowed to vote in New York. From the National Coalition for the Homeless (emphasis mine): 

In other words, the House of Representatives has the power to start impeachment proceedings and the Senate has the power to perform the impeachment trial. If the Senate rules to convict the elected official, they are removed from office. 

Not be in prison or on parole for a felony conviction Despite all the crimes that he's been accused of, Spider-Man has been fortunate enough to avoid prison and parole, so he has no problem with this. 

More local "point defense" missiles would have a better opportunity to intercept, as they'd have greater warning. But while they might have more time to intercept a missile coming in from a high trajectory at Japan (or to intercept an attack on Guam with missile batteries there), the chances of actually making an atmospheric intercept against such missiles could be substantially lower.