Again, if we look at last few injuries these two equipment also wouldn't have protected much. Even a batting helmet might not prevent those injuries. Source And I don't know if this article will help or not. Which is pretty slim. And it's not that they haven't tried wearing one, And for the chances of such incident happening Dan Diamond author from Forbes article states: Looks like this is autographed by Brooks Robinson (Baltimore Orioles Hall of Famer, 1966, 70 World Champion, 70 WS MVP, Gold Glove 3B, 1964 AL MVP) And Braves’ pitcher Alex Torres has worn a padded cap produced by isoBLOX in stints with the Padres and Mets. Mark Melancon and Jared Hughes trying out helmet-type technology for pitchers: Brandon McCarthy once tweeted about this topic: Mark Melancon statement afterwards to Pittsburgh Tribune-Review: Baseball’s medical director, Dr. Gary Green — a physician and professor of sports medicine at UCLA. At last from article of Time Keeping Score: Other Sources: nypost, bleacherreport, espn, mlb, sportsgrid Even if you, say, attached a chin strap to the helmet to better fasten it, like a hockey helmet, or add padding and ear flaps to secure it on the head, Green thinks the extra weight could cause more problems. “If you put a several-pound object on a pitcher’s head, it could interfere with his biomechanics,” Green says. The pitching motion is already prone to injury; if a helmet mucks with it, injuries could increase. “It would be very hard to put helmets on pitchers, given today’s technology” says Green. However, a letter written in 1869 by Harry Wright (1835–1895), manager of the Cincinnati Red Stockings documented something very similar to a seventh-inning stretch, making the following observation about the Cincinnati fans' ballpark behavior: "The spectators all arise between halves of the seventh inning, extend their legs and arms and sometimes walk about. In so doing they enjoy the relief afforded by relaxation from a long posture upon hard benches." Another tale holds that the stretch was invented by a manager stalling for time to warm up a relief pitcher. Here is another article from 2005 where Chipper Jones of the Atlanta Braves offered to take a pay cut so that the Braves would be able to keep Tim Hudson. "Maybe a little rebate so we can sign him," said Jones, the only non-catcher who showed up Wednesday, doing some hitting and pronouncing himself healthy. "If there's going to be a bang-bang play, the left-handed catcher's going to get hurt,” he said. It is very uncommon that a player, especially one signed to a huge contract would ever take a pay cut to stay with a team, or be able to sign with a team who has a chance to go all the way. It happens quite a bit in basketball, with older players who want to win a ring(reference my first article). As to the name, there appears to be no written record of the name "seventh-inning stretch" before 1920, which since at least the late 1870s was called the Lucky Seventh, indicating that the 7th inning was settled on for superstitious reasons. According to Wikipedia, the 7th Inning Stretch is something that is widely disputed, and no real record exists of exactly when it started. There are several accounts of what could have started it, but no real proof that any of them are the real reason it was started. Can't really comment on why it's in the 7th inning and not earlier in the game. Well, there are a few downsides for left handed catchers, such as throwing out a base stealer at 3B, which would probably happen more often with a left handed catcher, but probably the biggest reason is pointed out in this quote I found here: On your first point: Fangraphs certainly agrees with you that old metrics seem to dominate. There are no hard and fast rules about which stats are presentable, though; it's solely due to who is hearing the case - and there is no doubt that stats (both old and new) have made a huge difference (see Baseball Prospectus'** article on Arbitration, for example). Specifically, in how many calendar years was the earliest game played during that calendar year across both the National League and the American League, on Easter Sunday? For example, in this case, you would say that the expected value of Player A's total bases after one at-bat is 0.450 (his SLG). So, in an average at-bat Player A records 0.45 bases. Player B, similarly, records 0.32 bases in an average at-bat. This all assumes that it is an offical at-bat, and not a walk or similar, of course. In 2015, MLB Opening Day was on Easter Sunday. How many times has this happened in the history of the Major Leagues (counting either the American League and the National League, when they were more separate, but not other leagues)?