If talon is laning top solo, once again focus on leveling up rake and farming with it. But with talon being alone he can harass more aggressively by using cutthroat to silence the target, use your skills and run away before the silence ends. This usually results in you dealing a lot of damage to the enemy than they can retaliate with. If you do not do very well early game and need all the advantage you need, then build flat AD Marks. But if you do well and want runes to scale better late game, built Armor Penetration Marks. Recently a new Ezreal "theme" came out called Pulsefire Ezreal. As far as I know, it just looks like another legendary skin but it's put in its own category as a theme. What functional difference are there between a theme and a skin? Ignite's DOT and his Q's DOT does a surprising lot of combined damage. In addition ignite will reduce the amount of healing the opponent have/gets. So if you are laning against someone with heal or a lot of life steal, ignite will make you laugh gleefully as they die because they can't heal themselves from your burst. For any champion to be an effective jungler, there are several criterias that champion have to meet. First and foremost, Promote should not be used whenever it is on cooldown. This will most likely lead to you pushing your lane way too much and getting ganked. Or at the very least prevent your jungler from ganking your lane. Another way to play him that most people are usually reluctant to do is be the initiator. This will work really well if the opposing team does not have too many stuns and/or do not have oracles. You basically cutthroat into their ap carry and immediately ult to stealth. This will cause them to immediately switch to another target(preferably your tank/bruiser who has come in by now). A benefit of this is, you get to damage everyone with the beginning of your ult AND the end of your ult. Since at level one, the tanks hasn't had a chance to build any armor, magic resist, or health yet, or the carries hasn't had a chance to build any damage items yet, everything hinges on what base stats champions are given. Since Champions start out with 475 gold or 515 gold(if you put the two points in the ultility tree), items do not play as big of a factor. However generally buying Dorian items will give you more bang for your limited buck and give you an early game advantage. With these advantages and disadvantages in mind, whether you choose to go AP or AD on your Ezreal is entirely dependant on your play style. I would start with dorians blade first. At first recall, hopefully enough gold to buy a pair of boots and the brutalizer. Next built the boot into Ionian Boots for the CDR (Once again berserkers's attack speed is less desirable compared to CDR where you can burst more often), and start of the blood thirster. Then i would finish the brutalizer into Youmuu's GhostBlase and bloodthirster. Afterwards i would built last whisper (that 40% armor pen is OP!) Infinity Edge and Another Blood Thirster to finish.