After those terms have been satisfied, the author may choose to revoke or reclaim rights to the book. In that case, the author is free to submit the book to another publisher. Also, if the original publisher was granted first US print rights, then the author is free to submit to foreign publishers (the UK counts as foreign) and obtain a publishing contract there as well. It is not uncommon for a book to be published in different countries by different publishers. If the publisher chooses to keep the same title, basically all the same content, and then publishes the book under a different name, then that is where the ethical questions come into play. Just adding or modifying a few words or even a few chapters does not truly constitute a new book, and as such does not entitle the new "author" to lay claim to the full body of work. If the new author chooses to acknowledge the previous author and provides a disclaimer that this is a derivative work based on the previous efforts of the original author, then that would be considered acceptable. Books that meet this criteria must include (Translated), (Annotated), or (Illustrated) in the title field. Something else to keep in mind is that certain characters are protected either by Trademark or other legal means. As an example, even though the original Sherlock Holmes stories are now considered to be in the public domain, the rights to the use of the character are still protected by the author's estate and cannot be used without their permission. This is true for countless other major literary characters as well. Is it wise? In my opinion, yes. I have sold hundreds of e-books using a pen name, and I have recently started publishing other e-books under my own name. I have not spent much time promoting them because I am in the process of writing two new series, and that takes up much of my spare time that I used to spend on promoting and marketing. You will need to create an account at Kindle Direct Publishing, which is Amazon's e-book service. Then you will want to create an account at Smashwords, which is an e-book distribution company. They will create multiple formats that visitors can buy and they will also distribute your book in the proper formats to Barnes & Noble, the Apple iBookstore, and several other places. These two services will get you the broadest exposure with the least effort. The examples you gave were most likely a case of the publishers choosing to take advantage of the original author's reputation. They may have changed a few words either to improve the interpretation or enhance the work (in their opinion). Ultimately, as long as they provide proper attribution to the original author, this is still acceptable. You also need to keep in mind how you are going to go about publishing. If you are planning to use something like Kindle Direct Publishing to self-publish as an e-book, then you need to be aware of the limitations imposed by Amazon. Other e-book publishers have specific guidelines for public domain books as well, and some are even stricter. The most basic guidlines for Kindle are that the new work has to be differentiated in one of the following ways: • (Annotated) - Contains annotations (unique, hand-crafted additional content including study guides, literary critiques, detailed biographies, or detailed historical context) Once you have your files uploaded, then the next step is promoting and marketing. There is a lot involved there, and I will save that for another post. Good luck! In addition to that, you can get much higher royalties by using any of these services than you would with a traditional publisher. You would also be better off than using a subsidy publisher, because you don't pay for these services. You might want to spend a little money to get a good book cover and to have someone professionally edit your book, but you should be spending that money anyway if you were using a subsidy publisher. Below are some ranges for these types of services. I just joined the site, so you may have already acted on this, but I would definitely recommend going with self-publishing, as long as you don't use a subsidy or vanity publisher. You can go to sites like Kindle Direct Publishing, Smashwords, or Barnes&Noble and find information on self-publishing e-books or go to CreateSpace for print books. All of these options are free and can allow you to get a finished product out to the public in much faster time than a traditional publisher. Each of these options will allow you to publish for free, so there really isn't a cost factor involved. • (Illustrated) - Includes 10 or more unique illustrations relevant to the book Once the book has passed over into the public domain, then any publisher can choose to publish the book and make it available to readers. This is by far the most common means by which multiple publishers end up publishing the same book. If a publisher believes they have a unique opportunity to publish and promote an older book that is in the public domain, then it may be worth their time and effort to publish it. In answer to the first question, you need to keep in mind that each book has different terms that are negotiated between the writer and the publisher. In some cases, the publisher will purchase first print rights or first US print rights. This means that they have the right to publish the works before anyone else. Generally, once this has happened, there is a set term during which the publisher has exclusive rights to the book.