You should also spread tools etc. across riders - you don't need n pumps and 2n tyre levers for n riders. However you have to balance this with the possibility of tools being broken or lost -- if they're essential and can't be improvised you need more than one in the group. 

So you're left with hybrids, cruisers and other upright (city-style) bikes. These tend to be alloy or steel, and often have rack-mount points, which you might need. I normally ride a hybrid, and take my 3 year old on the back. Having carried her on an e-bike with cruiser bars and a very upright sitting position I would said the hybrid is easier, but that may be about bike fit. Among these, it should fit you (you'll be riding slower with a heavier load, fit matters) and should handle well including riding one-handed to signal. 

If you want to leave the bikes on site without the vehicle, there are stakes that screw into the ground to which you can lock your bike. A single stake can be unscrewed by turning the bike, but two stakes close together can't be. Although there are versions for locking bikes to, camping shops sell something similar designed for tying up dogs. 

Again only to get it out of the way: 

A 3-year-old affects the bike's balance and handling, so you want something quite forgiving. Suspension will make you work really hard with the extra weight bouncing around over the back wheel (even just front suspension) and you should be wary about riding the sort of thing that really needs it on a back-heavy, top-heavy bike. 

Road frames are often carbon fibre -- don't even go there with trying to mount heavy loads. Plus they aren't built for forgiving riding. There's also no point -- a child in a seat (or an empty seat) is an effective airbrake. Skinny tyres aren't great either. If you really want drop bars, go for a tourer, they're more designed for attaching and riding with loads. 

These factors combine to influence another: habit. People copy what they've seen, often applying this copying to milder conditions (e.g. using solutions that are necessary on a full-sus, but on a hardtail). 

On steep uphills you don't want too much weight at the back - the front wheel will lose grip or even contact. This is worse on MTBs than even the same trails on a bike with a longer wheelbase, no suspension, and harder tyres. Steep descents are less of a problem in that you wouldn't normally do them fully loaded.