And here's the screenshot with the "Beta" name search: 

In this two examples, what could be the Pros and Cons? Are there any? 

I was reading about the followers on D3 and saw this: 

Lyndon is primarily a ranger, comparable to the Diablo II Rogue. He has some other tricks as well, like blinding power. 

Also inside /Users/Shared, there are 2 folders called: Battle.net and Blizzard. They are created after you install any Blizzard Game like WoW or SC or Diablo. I don't recommend to your remove those folders, unless you are going to stop playing Blizzard games. 

If an Axe drops for my Monk and I want to link it to my party or Battle.net chat, how can I do this? Is there a shortcut like Wow? 

Every time he tries to install Diablo, he change to drive A but it says "invalid directory" and doesn't save anything there, but instead, it suggest the drive C (where there is no space left). 

- Should I play solo games to avoid the extra damage/health? 

Could it be because A is originally for Floppy disk? How could he fix it? 

When a Demon Hunter is using a crossbow, he can use a shield or even another crossbow in his off-hand at the same time. But when he equips a bow, the shield is removed, and the spot for off-hand item show a quiver for arrows. 

- When is the best moment to change from difficulties (normal to nightmare to hell to inferno)? 

Total Jeweler Leveling Cost and Materials Source 

Aside from the Diablo III "Beta Setup" that is in my Download folder, there is "diablo3_beta_enus-driverinfo.txt" that is in /Users/Shared/Battle.Net/Client/Blizzard Launcher.1454/Support 

I'm starting a Hardcore hero and I'm wondering, what should I do and what should I avoid? I never played Hardcore in Diablo2 so, there is a "hardcore for basics tips" that I'm not aware of, or is just felling? 

My friend is trying to install Diablo 3 in his windows 7. But he kind of messed up a little with his partitions. 

Then I start wondering which class is each follower, and saw this: 

But it does create fill .txt files that are not part of the installation. Here is a screenshot of my Mac with all files with "Diablo" in their name. 

While playing D3, I got some good Fist weapons with my monk, but even better swords, axes, etc. 

There is a file that saves your preferences called D3Prefs.txt the location is: /Application Support/Blizzard/Diablo III 

Should I pick Fist weapons even when they do a little less dps than, for example, a sword? 

I cleared the beta (killed the Skeleton King) twice with my Demon Hunter, and didn't get either of these achievements. 

So I chose the one who give me more dps, even using dual-wield. 

Here is a list that I found of unique class gear. 

Can someone provide the principal consequences in dying as a Hardcore in Diablo 3? 

Aside the above information, there are reports about pages droping in ACT IV normal.¹² 

I am Abd al-Hazir, adventurer, scholar, and researcher. I share my knowledge of this incredible world and its creatures through my insightful missives, often at grave risk to myself. Why, I was recently in Khanduras, where my tents were ransacked by vicious quill fiends! I was able to beat them off with a shoe, but a less bold man would've been fared for worse. 

You unlock the jeweler like you unlock the blacksmith, by doing the quest line. 

Is there a way that I can search for sets only? 

All his files (and also extra space) are in the drive A, but his OS (windows 7) is running from drive C 

Most Mac OS X applications (anything that ends in .app), like Safari and iTunes, are bundles. The application icon you see in Finder (typically the Applications Folder) is usually a special folder itself, made to appear as a single double-clickable file. These "folders" contain all, or at least most, of the files needed to run the application, ie they are self-contained. This means that to uninstall these applications, you only have to drag them to the Trash. If you control-click (or right-click) on an Application icon, and you see "Show Package Contents", then it is a bundle. 

As you can see, there there is no option for sets (The green gear or tier, if you are used to Wow). 

The Jeweler is unlocked in the ACT II after the 7th quest of that ACT ("Blood and Sand").¹ 

Where can I go to get these events? 

The Templar is not a Paladin, he is a new type of righteous warrior in the Diablo universe with differing ethics and ideals. 

Total Blacksmith Leveling Cost and Materials Source 

Dying as a Hardcore in Diablo 2 looks different, in comparison with dying as a Hardcore, in Diablo 3. 

I was looking at AH today and found a filter for my search. 

The others files are inside the folder in the applications (or in the location you selected). 

What item can I use in my off-hand? 

For Diablo III Beta, you just delete the folder, because it does not create Package Content for you to delete.