Second verse, same as the first? It still lacked context. It asked for opinions or things that are subjective, like preferred. What is this preferred? When? How? Under what specific conditions? (Adding reasons as they come in...) I can tell you what to do if I can see some code, but without the code, the question is little more than gazing into the bowels of the BCL. Three different people can come up with three different answers, and all of them are correct. Sometimes. What matters is how they ask their question. There are three ways to fix it: The post, while well written, was still a blog post searching for an answer that cannot possibly come given the parameters, and in that state would undoubtedly result in extended discussion, subjective answers, and nothing canonical to show for it. All in all, it would just be another excuse for people to post their favorite navel-gazing question. This question has two parts, one feature request, and one discussion related item. Discussion What other statistics would you like to see for Careers? What metrics would be helpful to you in measuring the effectiveness of your CV? An example of a Question that shows no effort but respect other people's time: You can show almost no effort towards solving the problem yourself but if your question respects other people's time, it's fine. We are not normally in the business of discussing user history. In this case, only part of the story was told, so I feel that full disclosure is warranted. Right now if I put a three month contract in, it makes it seem like I was employed there for an entire year, instead of 3 months. Do NOTHING. The daily vote anomaly script will pick it up and your rep will be recalculated automatically. If after 36 hours (give the script time to run) you still see a problem, then flag one of your posts and ask a moderator to look into the anomalous voting patterns. If it still hasn't been corrected, contact the SE team via the "contact us" link at the bottom of any page on the site. Could editing it just to improve the code be a better idea than flagging it? It's pretty standard to have something like one of the three following headers for a job on your CV: I've got a crazy idea: rather than just making stuff up, let's look at the data! These images would be shown in addition to the existing 404 page text, so nothing is getting lost, we're just trying to inject a little fun into the process. we had some shared lock blocking and other general inefficiencies in our Redis C# library which was causing Redis (network level cache) to be slower and more blocking that it should be. This has been rewritten to be faster and block far less. The community would have to understand that once convened, the decision of the community mods is final. I'm having trouble coming up with anything. Any good suggestions? Post them as answers! 1.96, 1.69 The median question and answer scores are 1 in all cases. I'm thinking stackoverflow.com llc / inc should buy a brick in the Computer History Museum Wall. First, it should never come to this -- as Robert Harvey pointed out, this should be handled via private conversations whenever possible. Moderators are supposed to be exemplars of 99% good community behavior, and part of good community behavior is recognizing problem behaviors -- even your own! -- and helping correct them in a constructive way. If it has come to this, unfortunately, the situation must be quite dire indeed. The reasoning is if I have a lower percentage, then I know that I'm 'doing it wrong', and I have hard numbers to prove that. You can show almost no effort towards solving the problem yourself but if your question respects other people's time, it's fine. Do NOTHING. The daily vote anomaly script will pick it up and your rep will be recalculated automatically. If after 36 hours (give the script time to run) you still see a problem, then flag one of your posts and ask a moderator to look into the anomalous voting patterns. If it still hasn't been corrected, contact the SE team via the "contact us" link at the bottom of any page on the site. Discussion What other statistics would you like to see for Careers? What metrics would be helpful to you in measuring the effectiveness of your CV? I can tell you what to do if I can see some code, but without the code, the question is little more than gazing into the bowels of the BCL. Three different people can come up with three different answers, and all of them are correct. Sometimes. (Adding reasons as they come in...) An example of a Question that shows no effort but respect other people's time: I sometimes wish those questions were appropriate for Stack Overflow, because they're pretty neat questions. You can learn a lot about the innards of your favorite framework, and invariably someone neat like Eric Lippert comes along and blows your mind. If we kept questions open because of what might happen, the inmates would indeed be running the asylum. The post, while well written, was still a blog post searching for an answer that cannot possibly come given the parameters, and in that state would undoubtedly result in extended discussion, subjective answers, and nothing canonical to show for it. All in all, it would just be another excuse for people to post their favorite navel-gazing question. What is the origin of the name you use on Stack Overflow or if you use your Real Name on Stack Overflow, what's the origin of any online handle you use? What matters is how they ask their question. The line I draw for moderation is based on the probability someone will say, "Try X" and the OP will respond, "I already tried X". To which the person will inevitably comment, "Try Y" and the OP will then say, "But I already tried Y!" (without having it in their question originally).