Now we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, an eternal house in heaven, not built by human hands. Meanwhile we groan, longing to be clothed with our heavenly dwelling, because when we are clothed, we will not be found naked. For while we are in this tent, we groan and are burdened, because we do not wish to be unclothed but to be clothed with our heavenly dwelling, so that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life. 2 Corinthians 5:1-2 

for they stumble because they are disobedient to the word, and to this doom they were also appointed. 1 Peter 2:4-8 NASB 

The importance, then, is not who died, but rather who the murderer was. Lamech was a murderer, just as Cain was. Additionally, we see that Lamech appears to be unrepentant. 

Moses also struck a rock on two different occasions to provide water for the people in the desert. This rock is symbolic of Jesus as well. Moses was commanded to strike the rock the first time, but to merely speak to it the second time. This symbolized Christ being struck once for all, but never again. (Exodus 17 and Numbers 20) 

21 Both were known for their humility and meekness as God's servants. Moses (Numb.12:3) Jesus (Mt.11:29; Phil.2:3-8) 

It is always a good idea to forgive, to reconcile, and to bless. So, it's best to do that immediately, but it's always right to do it--no matter how long the delay has been. 

Finally, in Nebuchadnezzar's dream recorded in Daniel chapter 2, there is a "a stone was cut out without hands" which struck the statue, which represented the four world empires and then itself became a kingdom that filled the earth. 

The better question may be "What is it that God is jealous of?" He is righteously jealous of the devotion and affections of His people. This is mirrored in our own lives as a married individual is righteously jealous for the affections and devotion of his or her spouse. Furthermore, a father or mother is righteously jealous for the affections of their children. If their children started calling other men and women "Dad" and "Mom", it would be a tremendous insult to them, because they alone are the ones that have the true parental devotion to their children. 

The Old Testament has quite a few other references to the Rock, which appears to be a title for the Messiah. Here are just a few: 

The Proverbs teach us not to withhold good to those who deserve it, and the time frame is not restricted to the earliest moment, but simply to "when it is in your power to act". 

It's important to note that this is Adam's claim--not God's. Adam and Eve had indeed taken measures to clothe their nakedness after their sin. Before sin, when they were both in a state of innocence, it seems they felt no need for clothing. This is akin to a young child who experiences no shame in being unclothed, much to the chagrin of his parents. 

No, it does not. A common mistake is to take a particular situation or statement by one person and attempt to apply it as a rule to all situations. All this passage means is that Paul worked to provide for his own living while he lived among the Ephesians. Paul did accept provision from others in other cities and at other times. The book of Philippians is in many ways a thank you letter for gifts given. 

(By the way, the assumption that the Song of Solomon is figuratively is certainly debatable.) 

To be more precise about how exactly Jesus was a prophet like Moses, note the following similarities from this article: 

When Jesus first met Peter, he was known as "Simon, son of John". Simon was a fisherman as likely his father was and his father's father and so on. In eastern and middle-eastern cultures, a person's identity is much more closely associated with who his father is. Simon's identity as a fisherman was closely tied to who his father was. 

24 Both Moses and Jesus were rejected by their own brethren for a time and accepted by the gentiles. Moses (Ex.2:14-22, 32:1) Jesus was rejected by his own people and received by another who were not his own. (Isa.53:3; Mt.12:21; Mk.6:4; Lk.20:9-17, Rom.11:20) 

What reason is there to take it as figurative? 

Apparently a primary word; a (piece of) rock (larger than G3037); as a name, Petrus, an apostle: - Peter, rock. Compare G2786. 

Problems with figurative interpretations 

He also is the King of Kings (Revelation 19:16), and heir to David's throne (2 Samuel 7:12-16, Mark 10:47, et. al.) 

7 This precious value, then, is for you who believe; but for those who disbelieve, 

3 Both were miraculously delivered from death during their infancy from their enemies of Israel (Ex.2:3, Lk.2:7;Mt 2:14,15) and were preserved in childhood. 

Genesis 1:2 identifies the nature of the earth: 

Adam and Eve's clothing appears to have been sufficient in relation to one another. However, as soon as God enters the picture, the insufficiency of their own efforts becomes apparent. 

Whenever we ask why we should take something in the Bible as literal, we must start by asking ask why we should not take it as literal. Does the text give us any reason to interpret it as being figurative? In the book of Revelation, and other places where mortal man is given a glimpse of eternity, descriptions employ the use of comparison quite frequently. It was like this or had the appearance of that. The Genesis account employs no such language.