How Does An Investigation End? An investigation typically ends with either the issuance of an oral and/or written report (sometimes in letter form) or with the closing of the investigation without a report by the person who convened it, by the person conducting it, or by operation of law due to the end of the mandate authorizing the report (e.g. Congressional investigations end at the end of each two year Congressional session). 

(3) Mr. Padilla engaged in conduct that constituted hostile and warlike acts, including conduct in preparation for acts of international terrorism that had the aim to cause injury to or adverse effects on the United States; 

(7) it is REDACTED consistent with U.S. law and the laws of war for the Secretary of Defense to detain Mr. Padilla as enemy combatant. Accordingly, you are directed to receive Mr. Padilla from the Department of Justice and to detain him as an enemy combatant. More generally, pre-enactment constitutional review of legislation is not a core part of the U.S. legal culture, which it derived largely from the legal culture of England at the time of the American Revolution. This common law legal tradition had no historical traditional of judicial review of legislation at that time. Even today, after many reforms of its judicial system, the newly created U.K. Supreme Court can only hear appeals of lower court cases, much like the U.S. Supreme Court outside its very narrow trial court jurisdiction, and does not have the authority to issue advisory opinions. Enforcement of Islamic religious mandates in daily life Many regulatory agencies and most prosecuting attorneys in the federal government have the authority to issue subpoenas, audits or requests for information for the purpose of investigating possible violations of the law prior to commencing litigation over an actual alleged violation of the law. Some agencies also have the right to request search warrants and wire taps, to access information in databases not available to members of the general public, and to enter onto premises to which the general public is not allowed to have access as a matter of course (e.g. an elevator inspect in the General Services Administration may have access to behind the scenes elevator equipment not available to the general public). But, early Islam did not have a separation of church and state and where the state was strong, implementation of Islamic law on a comprehensive basis was part of the general duties of the political leadership in any particular place. These elaborate alcohol specific labelling laws largely pre-empt other labelling laws and trademark laws of general applicability in the cases where they apply. Worldwide there were 126 members of national parliaments, worldwide, who were under age 30. According to the same source there are a very small number of women, but no men, under age of twenty-one, who hold such offices. 

Needless to say, given the limitations of space and the audience, this treatment grossly oversimplifies the matter in the hope of getting across some key points that would be relatively widely shared in jurisdictions seeking to implement Sharia law. None of the points in this answer should be regarded as complete or authoritative. Instead, they are illustrative, simplified, analogized to more familiar concepts for non-Muslims, and typical to the point of being stereotypical. 

To Clarify Standards For People Who Are Self-Motivated By Duty and Culture To Obey The Law One purpose of a law without a penalty is to establish and clarify proper conduct which is directed at a group of people (e.g. judges, law enforcement officers, civil servants, people who are civic minded) who see it as their business to follow and apply the law and do so out of a sense of duty.