Yes. Argentina had one of those, and a closely related situation. 1 There are currently two new parties in the political scene, and one of them has already presented joint candidates with other party. Additionally, the evidence of the need to avoid splitting votes is an internal factor in helping that existing parties and alliances do not break due to personal or poltical tensions; although, as there is no defined standard as how "homogeneous" a political party may be, that is hard to quantify. In a busy precint, removing one of each ten means that, while the first person affected is still trying to solve it/argue with election officials, the next one who has been deleted will arrive and join in... in few time you will have an actual crowd of angry people at most of the precincts, getting nationwide attention. If you are doing something criminal, usually you do not want to attract nationwide attention1. Also in Argentina, Juan Perón died while in office and was succeeded by his wife Isabel Martínez de Perón, but that does not qualify because she was not directly elected as President (she succeeded Juan Perón because she was the Vice President). You need to fake a LOT more of data, increasing the risk of the wrong data being detected. And yes, in Michigan you could still vote with a provisional ballot. 1At least I don't want to. YMMV. Note that I am not claiming that these fraud charges could cause a big portion of the American public (or even Trump supporters) to do stupid/illegal things, most of them will just ignore Trump claims unless he can provide some actual evidence. The problem is that even if these allegations only motivate a 1% of Trump supporters, it would be still a number of people large enough that could cause serious trouble. For all of these, it has to be considered that: The issue of not accepting defeat is that the elected representative of a lot of people will be claiming that the elected president is not the legitimate president, and people from all kind of situations may try to use that as a way to justify their actions, whatever they are... from tax fraud, to disobeying military orders, to outright terrorism1 because the government authority is claimed to be illegitimate. And those cases are detected. Although I would say that this case was more one of registration workers trying to "meet objectives" with made up registers than of attemptin at falsifying the election2, it was indeed detected and punished. Formally, it is not the candidates who decide who has won. The electoral process continues the same way whatever they say about the issue, with only the courts of each State being available to inquiry about allegations of fraud (if there is some kind of evidence about it). The scenario would not be much different from the 2000 elections at Florida. In fact, in many single parties we see a similar phenomena of aggrupation of different interests (see for examples, references to "left wing" and "right wing" inside a same party, or the internal election systems inside the parties). And for instances of it happenning historically, there are lots of it. One particular famous example where the Popular Fronts promoved to unite European leftist forces in the 30s, specially against the rise of fascism. In Spain, all of the "classical"1 main parties are the result of the union of several different existing parties. a) Your manipulations are likely to show inconsistencies with other data (e.g., way more voters enrolled that the census numbers would predict). b) You will not know beforehand if the risk is worth it. If someone knew a year before that Michigan race was going to be that close and would be the one that decided the POTUS, maybe he could consider the risk of being caught modifying a few hundreds or thousands of votes justified by the possibility of changing the government. But if he does not know if those hundred or thousands are going to be decissive or just "noise", there is way less incentive to attempt fraud. 2 Despite all, this possibility is very, very, very, very unlikely nowadays in the USA, but it has happenned in other countries. 1 You know, you cannot honestly be constantly repeating things about "the blood of tyrants" and that you are going to jail political opponents and claim that the elections are rigged and then be surprised if some people interpret this as a signal to start killing the "tyrants" and their "henchmen". Third, and more subtle, could be changing the census data in order to get a red or blue state more electors due to a higher population. This would be somewhat related to option #2, differing in that: In both cases the political party makes a proposal, and it is valored by the voters at election day. The fact that the individual political parties exist as separate organizations is not relevant to the democratic aspect of it. Sometimes the supporters of the parties outside the agreement decry it as "undemocratic", but you can see that democracy was not affected at all. In the end, the habitual reaction to it is for the other parties that are similar enough to make another common effort. Voter rolls are to be verified and are. Anyone could check why so many people share the same address, or why some guys have an address in a corn field. Of course, the more voters you add, the more risk.