As witty as such a quote surely is does he really think people who believe in God do so without any explanation or evidence as to why it is so? He may think the evidence unconvincing but that does not make it disappear for those who have beliefs contrary to his own. Their are some who even hold to a completely overlapping magisteria (Coma) like Richard Dawkins for example. He believes erroneously (to me at least) that the God hypothesis is a scientific hypothesis (As he explains in his books) and you should use the scientific method to ascertain it's validity. I would posit that a person personal convictions rarely has a influence on whether a proposition is true or not. It is entirely possible that for any given proposition that can be true their could be many people who for instance have the view it is... The ethicist may look at the effect of Nazi morality on 20th century Europe and make his judgement on Nazi morality on that. They are all theories and I hold that all of them are "evidence" in the broad sense of the word yet in all likelihood only one could constitute proof. If a claim is not backed up by some sort of evidence how would people ever convince others that what they say is true? What constitute evidence may differ from one discipline to the other. If I may illustrate my point with a example. A chemist may consider the observation of a chemical reaction as pretty trustworthy source of knowledge in his field and then base his conclusions on this Now personally I hold to POMA or partially overlapping magisteria. Their are some discoveries in science that hold great discussion in religious circles. If you take the discovery of background radiation for instance. This in essence began the road to a finite universe which was remarkable and religiously relevant discovery. It also sparked a resurgence in Aquinian thought which was for centuries held to be disproved by physicist. If this is true then they and Thomas Aquinas did and are doing the same thing. It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. If a field starts providing objective, accurate answers, doesn't it just become a subfield of science? Another way of looking at it is the following: Religion is backward looking, it assumes the truth is already established and known, we just need to go dig it up from the right sources. Science (again ideally, not always in practice) is forward looking, it assumes that the complete truth is not known yet, and that more shall be revealed. Be theory laden? Are these types of observations exempt? It seems to me that before any of those challengers, Gödel's incompleteness theorem would have dealt a major blow to logical positivism. If theories based on logic are inevitably incomplete or inconsistent, wouldn't it follow that stronger theories based on logic in conjunction with empirical evidence are inevitably incomplete or inconsistent as well? This had me thinking of the following scenario: Consider a person who for various reasons never got a formal education beyond basic reading and writing. He/She doesn't know any science or math, and was never exposed to any scientific reasoning and experiments. She/He is however an open minded, level headed, and rational person (I've met more than one such person myself). However, there is another more fluid reading which also exists. The statistical requirement is relaxed, because it can cause trouble. However, there is a focus on both the elimination of hypotheses through testing and the preference towards hypotheses which are testable. This reading of the scientific method is a very general direction, so the alternatives are equally general. In the end, I'd call his theory testable but not falsifiable. He makes the argument that he provides testable hypotheses that we will find more mathematical structures, but there's nothing in the theory which permits Popperian falsification. This puts it in a category alongside many Asian concepts such as Traditional Chinese Medicine, which permit testing but not falisification. Thus, his theory must find its use the same way TCM does. It gets picked up by people who feel their lives are improved by picking it up, but it is rejected by science because it does not conform to the strict rules science uses today. There are at least two extremes as to how one can define the scientific method. One is a process, one is more of a set of principles and a goal. The process is well defined as: How would it be possible for such a person to distinguish scientific facts from religious dogma? How can we convince such a person of the validity of ideas like those of modern cosmology or evolutionary biology, without first having to teach them enough biology and physics to understand those concepts? I realize that there are serious gaps in that reasoning. Consider various contemporary debates such as climate change or the debate over the relationship between vaccines and autism and other diseases: There is broad scientific consensus that climate change is real and vaccines do not causes autism, and anybody who denies these facts is considered to be unscientific, ignorant and deserving of mockery and derision. But, if Duhem-Quine and theory ladeness of facts hold, then climate change deniers and anti-vaxxers are perfectly entitled to their opinion. As long as they come up with a suitable set of presuppositions, then no set of facts can ever prove them wrong, and accusing them of being irrational or illogical is disingenuous and unfair.