However, I am interested in whether there exist languages in which the grammatical gender of a given name appears not to coincide with the natural gender to which that name is generally assigned. EDIT: I know of one case where this apparent constraint was strong enough that a Japanese female name ending in -o became a Latin first declension noun ending in -a, to avoid a conflict between grammatical and natural gender -- when Princess Michiko of the Chrysanthemum Throne visited Salamanca University! See the Wiki article on vowel breaking for other examples of diphthongisation in stressed syllables. The 'governing principle' is stress. In Spanish, [ɛ] and [ɔ] become diphthongs in stressed positions, explaining why niego, niegas, niega, niegan have diphthongs, while negamos does not (the stressed penultimate is [a] there). Questions about grammatical gender abound on this forum and on other linguistics forums. It's well known that in general, grammatical gender need not coincide with natural gender. I'm talking about languages like Mandarin, Cantonese, Vietnamese, and Thai. English is losing its inflectional endings and becoming more isolating/analytic. The ones most often discussed would be Turkish, Finnish, and Hungarian. More people talk about Turkish being easy to learn while you often hear the other two described as very difficult to learn. But what about the big well known isolating/analytic languages, are any of them showing signs of moving to the next stage in the cycle? Adopting something like endings that might be counted as agglutination or inflection? Here's an example for Turkish: Is there some research about this or is it maybe that changes at this point in the cycle are not so easy to spot as the changes happening at the point in the cycle where English lies? It's generally accepted that languages go through a cycle of changes to their morphological type. I was just looking at a Zulu word entry in Wiktionary that implied it was made from a prefix and a suffix, but there was nothing between them. Now this could just be sloppy editing of Wiktionary but either way it got me thinking about whether this is a valid word-formation strategy used by any languages. When I first asked this question I didn't word it in a way that clarified I was asking about word formation. It turns out there are words in several languages which can be analysed on the furface into only affixes, but the examples so far were not originally formed that way, but my more complex processes of adding and dropping morphemes at various stages. Agglutinating languages tend to have many cases and tend not to meld the case affix with any gender or number affix so most would probably suit your needs. See the Wiki article on vowel breaking for other examples of diphthongisation in stressed syllables. The 'governing principle' is stress. In Spanish, [ɛ] and [ɔ] become diphthongs in stressed positions, explaining why niego, niegas, niega, niegan have diphthongs, while negamos does not (the stressed penultimate is [a] there). I will exclude ambigeneric names and names belonging to non-human/neuter noun classes. The question is whether, in any languages you know of, a given name of feminine grammatical gender is used as a masculine given name, or vice versa. However, I am interested in whether there exist languages in which the grammatical gender of a given name appears not to coincide with the natural gender to which that name is generally assigned. Questions about grammatical gender abound on this forum and on other linguistics forums. It's well known that in general, grammatical gender need not coincide with natural gender. EDIT: I know of one case where this apparent constraint was strong enough that a Japanese female name ending in -o became a Latin first declension noun ending in -a, to avoid a conflict between grammatical and natural gender -- when Princess Michiko of the Chrysanthemum Throne visited Salamanca University!