7 Two Pair A♠A♣T♥T♣8♠ Two cards of the same rank and two cards of the same rank. If both pair are the same rank then it is four of a kind. The top pair wins. Top pair can tie so in that case the lower pair is the tie breaker. After that kicker rules. Odds: 20.0 : 1 Announced: X up Up versus Over is the distinction in announcing two pair versus boat. 

There is an immediate side pot: 

One of the other players said to the floor you need to make a ruling here and called the clock. 

Yes talking to influence action is done but it needs to be more subtle than that. 

Texas Hold'em Tournament Rules 

6 Three of a kind A♠A♣A♥T♣8♠ Three cards of the same rank. Odds: 46.3 : 1 Announced: X trip or X set or Three of kind X 

Floor quickly ruled all in stands. 

They did make the SB pay off the open raise. 

When C folded A won the main pot 

Secondary was it correct play? 

There are no universal rules on showing. 

You have 3 pots $40 - player1, player2, player3, player4 $120 - player2, player3, player4 $100 - player3, player4 

More bluffs might get though as not as much time to check out their story. 

An all in before any bets is rarely a good play. 

I get it is totally unethical. 

If you win then you get that side pot. 

Ana should be opening pre flop And Chris should be opening post flop 

If the opponent has been ranged then less hands to run. 

Then I can kind of go along with the ruling. Taking a guys stack for a mistake like that is kind of harsh. 

From there his excessive chatter was taunting and intended to disrupt the player. It does not have to be rude. If he had said it once then OK. He was was doing it to break her thought process and that is not part of poker. 

There was a side pot between B and C of $200 

Since you have seen the nut straight it saved you some money. 

There is no provision for conceding a live hand other than at the river in a show down that I am aware of. 

If Wolf wanted to bluff the pot then why not raise the first pass to like 2500. He still has a good hand and position. 

Card Rank Rank is Ace through 2. Ace highest and 2 lowest. Confusing that cards and hands both use the term rank. 

Recently Doug Polk posted on his channel with some creative editing 

Yes I think the floor made the correct call. 

3 Full house A♠A♣A♥K♣K♠ Three cards of the same rank and two card of same rank. Also called a boat. The three determines the high. 88855 beats 44499. Odds: 693 : 1 Announced: X over Y or X full (where the X the three) 

darvin moon 1 hand panalty pobal one round penalty tony g 

In this case you need to prove collusion. SB and BB should call and check it down. They have have a mutual benefit to taking you out. 

Hand order 1 - Player1 Player2 tie 9933A 2 - Player3 Player4 tie 3322A 

I think Alec was careless if not reckless in having chips hidden. They were not hidden from him - not like he did not know they were hidden. Do I think he was angling? No, but he should not have let that situation happen. He is a pro and coach.