My oldest is in kindergarten this year, and in our public schools here in the US stick-and-ball (ie. traditional manuscript) is the primary form of handwriting that is initially taught. More and more, cursive handwriting is being dropped from the curricula altogether. Edit: I would like to clarify: There is no issue with the school or his teacher. Most of his handwriting practice is here at home. His teacher does not currently "grade" his papers for neatness when it comes to handwriting mechanics. She is more concerned with whether or not his handwriting is legible. I don't care how he forms his letters as long as an "e" looks like an "e", an "x" looks like an "x" and so on. Even as a righty, I don't hold my pencil correctly or form my letters in a textbook fashion. I don't expect him to, either. The only time I make him re-form a letter is if it is extremely messy or if he has written the wrong letter (a b instead of a d, for example), and he is now getting to the point where he self-edits his own handwriting pretty well. The decision to teach him cursive is 100% my own and I really don't care if the school likes it or not. Manuscript handwriting is simply more time-consuming from a logical standpoint--you pick your pencil up after every letter and sometimes more than that. Almost all cursive letters are one continuous motion and even if you only connect two letters together at a time, you're cutting down on the amount of time it takes to write a word. I think, for him, this would help him feel more productive and enable him to complete his schoolwork in a more timely manner. Additionally, if I don't teach him cursive he most definitely will not learn it at school because it is no longer being taught. This is not a school issue. This is 100% me seeking advice on how best to teach my son cursive so that he can be successful at it. It has nothing to do with learning modalities or preferences, his own innate skills, or whether I should encourage his ambidextrous nature (which I do). I am specifically looking for resources (websites, handwriting curricula, etc.) that deal with the pitfalls people teaching lefties to write left-handed encounter. 

Now that it's been reframed as a necessary chore, how do you motivate children to do chores? Two of the most common ways are rewards for voluntary completion and punishment for resistance or neglecting their duties. 

As a former math tutor to children in middle and high school, and now a father, I can tell you a way to avoid the problem completely. Gain an understanding of the concept yourself, and make an equivalent problem that uses the same steps/ideas. Walk them through step by step, explaining as you go. One or two examples like that should be enough for them to understand well enough to do other work on their own. On the other hand, I don't want to force my children to believe a particular way. My entire childhood, my Christian parents encouraged me to make up my own mind and I consider it one of the single best things they did as parents. 

My advice would be to teach them it's okay to not like every subject and simply try to instill a good work ethic. Explain that some things have to be done regardless of how fun they are and the long-term value of education. I think there is too much focus on trying to make everything fun*; plenty of tasks are chores and completing them is simply part of being a responsible person. 

Consider your premise for a moment; you are claiming that it is desirable for your children to seek social approval from people who engage in activity you consider mindless and bad. I would change your focus slightly. Teach children that it's okay to be left out of things and that they don't need another's approval to engage in or abstain from an activity. 

I have no issue with traditional manuscript handwriting, but it is cumbersome and somewhat time-consuming. I'd like to work with Andrew on cursive handwriting over the summer. Once he gets it, I think he will be able to write more quickly and more fluidly--right now he gets a little frustrated with traditional manuscript because he can't express his ideas on paper as quickly as they come to his head. 

Is there anything I should know about how to teach cursive to a lefty so we aren't both frustrated and screaming at each other or is it basically the same as teaching a righty? 

Edit: I would like to clarify: There is no issue with the school or his teacher. Most of his handwriting practice is here at home. His teacher does not currently "grade" his papers for neatness when it comes to handwriting mechanics. She is more concerned with whether or not his handwriting is legible. I don't care how he forms his letters as long as an "e" looks like an "e", an "x" looks like an "x" and so on. Even as a righty, I don't hold my pencil correctly or form my letters in a textbook fashion. I don't expect him to, either. The only time I make him re-form a letter is if it is extremely messy or if he has written the wrong letter (a b instead of a d, for example), and he is now getting to the point where he self-edits his own handwriting pretty well. The decision to teach him cursive is 100% my own and I really don't care if the school likes it or not. Manuscript handwriting is simply more time-consuming from a logical standpoint--you pick your pencil up after every letter and sometimes more than that. Almost all cursive letters are one continuous motion and even if you only connect two letters together at a time, you're cutting down on the amount of time it takes to write a word. I think, for him, this would help him feel more productive and enable him to complete his schoolwork in a more timely manner. Additionally, if I don't teach him cursive he most definitely will not learn it at school because it is no longer being taught. This is not a school issue. This is 100% me seeking advice on how best to teach my son cursive so that he can be successful at it. It has nothing to do with learning modalities or preferences, his own innate skills, or whether I should encourage his ambidextrous nature (which I do). I am specifically looking for resources (websites, handwriting curricula, etc.) that deal with the pitfalls people teaching lefties to write left-handed encounter.