Realism, takes the world to be an objective fact and has nothing to do with the mind; this does not mean that there are no minds; but that they have nothing to do with the construction of reality, or in understanding it: positions that go along with this view are various forms of materialism - one flavour being Physicalism. example: If we find a particular atom decays, and we later find out that its a Radium atom - we could say it decays because it is a Radium atom. In fact this is a tautological statement. We still haven't found the cause. I'd suggest that it, in part, derives from what Unger calls the form of the encounter in (Modernist) literature; and what Badiou might call an event; it is a truth-procedure on the level of the 'two', the personal rather than the impersonal; it is disclosure and in unconcealment, where an essence shines forth (or Das Schein to take a Hegelian term). The first extension of sight is via a means that is natural, the second though relies on our knowledge of how we interpret the world of the small. Of course bats are famous for using echo-location to navigate space; and one might ask how this feels or sensed or understood as qualia. But human echo-location is possible, and this without any external equipment. One might suppose, tht given the species affinity we have with bats - we are both mammals - to understand how it feels to echo-locate, is perhaps to gain some glimpse in the bat-world. Further away from this it becomes increasingly speculative - which aligns with your intuition it becomes closer to a fallacy; and it is - if it's asserted; but generally the speculative character is understood; even if some would like to take it as certainty - as some do, and through the media, many more do. ie speculative multiverse theories One can legitimately after all ask how does TS Eliot's The Wasteland attained the significance it has in English literature; and answering this question doesn't involve science. The Isha Upanishad has something interesting to say about this: Poppers criteria is a useful one, but like many criteria operating on the metaphysical field its only a beginning. (I say its metaphysical because is his theory itself falsifiable? It isn't of course, and that should give us pause in denying metaphysics). A Popperian definition of science through the verification principle I find is impoverished; because it describes what it is not; this is rather like trying to prove a negative; one requires a positive description of its aims and methodology; and this to an extent can be described objectively; but this in a sense also falsifies because it doesn't describe the experience itself. Because Creationism is to Theology, what Alchemy is to Science, or arithmetic to mathematics or school-physics to Physics itself. Generally Quantum mechanics divides a system into what is to be observed and an observer. Did his thought have an impact on the acceptance of the copenhagen interpretation of QM where the observer is required to collapse the 'wave-function' and render an observation macroscopically visible? This is usually taken to be some macroscopic measuring device (sometimes taken to be some human being in which a special role is assigned to consciousness). But why restrict it to a macroscopic entity? Why not simply another particle? and then in the main body of the text Bacteria and viruses are not observable to the human eye; but they are through a microscope. For example, Kant showed that one of the conditions for empirical knowledge, is time-space and causality; this was in response to Hume (to reiterate the above) who argued that causality when strictly empirically construed can be no more than coincidence - hence something additional is required. Science as it's now constituted, ie with a Epicurean or positivist philosophy has nothing to do with any kind of divine order; though a hint of an older tradition is sometimes gestured at ie Hawkings 'Mind of God', or Higgs 'God particle'. Humans work with numbers all the time as a reality; though of course they are not found in nature, as such; in general these are universals; and one might even say universally experienced.