(To your point about Greeks: Whitehead takes the position very early in that same chapter that we cannot define philosophy in terms of antiquity. We simply no longer have access the same thought processes as ancient people, we lack the context to actually recover them, and can only address their writings from our own perspective, which is inescapably different. 

Do we no longer take Plato seriously because he proposed the celestial spheres? Do we reject Marx on the basis that he reasoned partly from Engels' incorrect anthropology? Do we discard Kant because his psychology does not allow for the current behavior of physicists? To what other philosopher do we apply the standard you propose here -- consigning them to irrelevance because they chose their exposure to science badly? 

So I think there are enough naturally occurring sources of this motif that we would not need to suppose common sources. I think that to the degree these messages are expressions of shared roots, those roots are less information-transmission than they are natural observations cultures make, which predict impending intellectual development. 

Science is, as virmaior points out, historically part of Philosophy. It remains such, and always will. Any discipline hopefully becomes a more effective version of itself over time, and philosophy has done this by including science. Science is more effective than older philosophy. But so is the rest of philosophy. No part of something can be uniformly better than the whole of it. There is space around the part that remains to be considered. 

Jung once floated a theory on Thales that the easiest thing to imagine all things made of is water because it is one of the pure substances we see in all three forms in a non-technological culture. Seeing ice or mist become water and realizing that they are the same substance is a major, striking scientific development that has spoken profoundly to integrative thinkers. 

The overall collapse of Logical Positivism was pretty much the final nail in its coffin. It became obvious that terms were built of something and apprehension was shaped by context -- so the world really was mental. But what we meant by mental had evolved underneath. 

I would not try to impose Conifold's proposed balance. I would leave it to the natural evolution of what cognitive dissonance our collective mind will tolerate. 

An approach that tries to combines them into a more cohesive and global approach to infinities in general is proposed by John Conway in the "Surreal Numbers", which introduces interpolation as a basic operation, rather than deriving it from division and the rest of arithmetic, and approaches continuity via infinite division, rather than topologically through pre-images. 

For a normalization of Nietzsche with healthy individualism as its morality and a focus on attachment to nature, I would point you specifically at Creation Spirituality as expressed in Witchcraft, in the form of Starhawk's "Truth or Dare". But again, she is a psychologist, and a religionist, not a philosopher. 

1) Yes, nature is good, because it is more powerful than we are. So our tendency to impose control over it needs to give way to working with and through it. But we can only have effect by working toward our own ends, and other parts of nature do not share those ends. We will always consider our own ends good, and we will always choose 'good' to mean something specific to ourselves. That does not put us at odds with nature unless we are looking for something to be at odds with.