Update: This quotation from Wikipedia lists more examples for French: 

Apparently, many subjective and objective (cas régime) forms of words were still used in Middle French, at least into the late Middles Ages, if you go through the etymologies of French words. Here are some examples of words in modern French that are reflexes of the Latin nominative, from the Centre National de Ressources Textuelles et Lexicales: 

A similar cross-pollination from the vocative occurred with French soeur, "sister" (the Old-French oblique case seror falling out of use): 

Moindre, and many other nominals on -dre: 

Another good candidate is corps (OFr. cors); the nominative is not mentioned as such, but, the word being neuter in Latin, nominative and accusative were identical in form, so it would seem likely for that form to be used rather than some declined form. 

During Antiquity and the early Middle Ages, the population and the economic power of the eastern half of the Mediterranean was greater than that of the western half. Its culture had a longer history, and Greek literature and philosophy were a revered cornerstone of the Roman Empire. That is why the Greek world (the elites in most eastern cities had been using Greek for centuries) was not as open to adopting Latin. When the court moved to Constantinople in the 4th century AD, Latin was used by the government for a century or two, but even that was not enough. 

Italian uomo (pl. uomini) appears to come from the nominative homo too. The Vocabolario Etimologico della Lingua Italiana by Pianigiani is not entirely clear; lacking further knowledge about the phonology of that time and a reliable source, we cannot be absolutely certain that the word wasn't shortened from huomino, or something like that. The same applies to Provençal hom. 

Maire, from a substantivised nominative adjective (and probably many pure nouns on -air(e) that come from Latin -ator): 

This Spanish etymological-dictionary website says hombre comes from hominem but luz, paz, voz, cruz from lux, pax, vox, crux; however, I would not trust this dictionary: it sounds rather amateurish all over. I couldn't find any good, relatively modern etymological dictionary for Spanish. 

In Italy and Sicily, Roman influence was strongest, because they were closest to Rome, and because they comprised the first provinces the Romans conquered, in the 3rd century BC. Etruria was conquered centuries before that, so that little is left of Etruscan that we know of, except a few loan words like persona, I believe. In addition, Sicily was divided between Carthage and Greece, so that it was probably not uniformly Greek.