Drawing of a Mannlicher M1886 Source 

But it didn't work out that way. The German 6th Army was destroyed. The 4th, and two Romanian armies, were mauled. They represented the destruction of a large chunk of the German strategic offensive capability in the south. Towards the end of the Russo-Finish Winter War, the Finns ran critically low on everything, especially artillery ammunition. At the beginning of the war well sighted Finnish artillery had a field day firing at large masses of Soviet troops advancing across open and pre-sighted terrain. As the war went on, ammunition supply dwindled, and artillery had to choose their targets more carefully. Towards the end of the war, the Soviets could gather in the open for an attack and the Finns could not respond; they were reserving their dwindling ammunition for only the most critical moments. Artillerymen wept at these textbook targets. A week before the war ended the Finnish 2nd Corps had just 600 shells left in reserve for all guns. 

Inner workings of the M1895 Lee Navy from its original manual Source 

The straight-pull bolt-action rifle turned out to be just a step away from a self-loading rifle. If you're going to have the cost and complexity of a straight-pull, might as well go the extra mile and adopt a self-loading rifle. Many straight-pulls became self-loading or even automatic rifles. The web site indicates it is a Cold War relic and may be a prototype. 

Ramming remained a common tactic against submarines. While a submarine's inner pressure hull is very strong, their outer hull which provides buoyancy is fragile. Even a diving submarine is vulnerable to being rammed by the large portion of the attacking vessel which is below the water. Before the advent of depth charges, for many warships and merchant vessels ramming was their only means of attacking a diving submarine. 

Late in the battle, Persian cavalry successfully navigated a gap in the Macedonian line. Had they exploited it by falling upon the failing Macedonian left, the battle may have been won. Instead they sacked the Persian camp and were turned away by reserves. This failure shows the importance of discipline in ancient warfare; give a bunch of amateurs the choice been fighting and looting and they will loot. Archery requires not only aiming at the target, but calculating the elevation and wind drift of the light, arcing arrow. A bullet, in contrast, flies relatively straight at the ranges battles were fought in the 18th century, 100 to 200 meters. 

After the peace agreement, UNPROFOR was relieved by IFOR, NATO's [Peace] Implementation Force sent to enforce the treaty consisting of 60,000 NATO soldiers. This was later replaced by a NATO-led Stabilization Force (SFOR) until 2004 when it was replaced (mostly in name) by EUFOR Althea. The Army operated the radar sets, but the Navy knew what was going on at sea. When a midget submarine was spotted hours before the Pearl Harbor attack by the Navy, nobody thought to tell the Army. Missouri and Iowa's borders depended on a line drawn from "the rapids of the River Des Moines", there are a lot of rapids on the Des Moines River, or "the Des Moines rapids" on the Mississippi River depending on who you asked. The difference was a 30 mile strip of land running the length of the Missouri/Iowa border. 

The Soviet Empire The Soviet Empire rose out of the ashes of the Russian Empire (which still exists) gobbling up the Baltic States, most of Eastern Europe in WWII, and edging into Mongolia in the 60s. Some of which was directly incorporated as republics, some left as semi-independent puppet states of the Warsaw Pact. 

Alternatively, attacking the gap can result in victory. Maybe the gap between 1 and 2 is wide enough for Y to maneuver. Maybe General Number is slow to react. Maybe the General reacts quickly, but communications are poor and the orders don't reach 1 and 2 fast enough. Maybe Number's cavalry has been defeated, or is off doing something dashing, and Number's reserves have already been committed. 

Archery is a skill which degrades if not practiced, both mentally and physically. Archery requires a lot of strength to draw the bow and hold it steady to aim, on the order of 100 pounds of pull. It is physically demanding to simply do it once, much less 60 times over the course of a battle.