We can never know the true nature of the objects, only the effect they have on ours senses. Yes he did. He has a whole section on the inhabitants of other planets in a book he published called Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven (Allgemeine Naturgeschichte und Theorie des Himmels), published in 1755. None of them ever mention Kant. See here, here and here for typical syllabuses. 

My understanding is that Berkeley considered the outside world to have no existence at all, and took the statement "It's all in the mind" literally, whereas Kant argued that the outside world exists independently of the observer, but we can never know it's true nature. The best we can due is observe the effects it has on our senses. I'm pretty sure this description of the difference is correct, but it feels oversimplified to me (My grasp of Kant is rudimentary at best). 

My knowledge of Kant is peripheral, but from the answers I am getting on the philosophy SE to some of my questions, he seems to have made serious contributions to philosophy of mind, at least as important as those of Desacartes. Especially with regards to freewill. mental causation, and to dualism in general. In a book on Aristotle's metaphysics I read a passage on the differences between his and Kant's categories. It says that the concept of categories, in both Aristotle's and Kant's case, wasn't conceived by observation of the outside world but is a reflexive concept. Then follows this sentence (my translation): As the SEP writes on Kant's Social and Political Philosophy: 

As Kant writes, these leges latae (preliminary articles 2,3 and 4) "may be legitimately put off". Why does Kant establish the permission law? How can there be a law (especially in Kant's theory) that doesn't claim universal validity in absolutely every case? How can there be a "may" in Kant's moral theory, and even more, how can it be called a law? Why is it needed? Is it a logical need or rather a pragmatic, "timeserving" one (to explain why some changes do not have to be made right away)? And why does it exist in the natural law, but not in ethics? Justice, as a term of rights [Recht] is established by the implementation of a legal situation. As not having one is worse that having a bad one, revolution is prohibited. There is simply no justice in the state of nature. There is no way to guarantee "Mine and Thine" - thus to get into a legal situation, even coercion is allowed. To leave the state of nature has such a high priority for Kant, that to overthrow the legal system is simply not an option. If leaving the state of nature is a must, then returning to it must be prohibited. I am conjecturing that a) is incorrect because they can be performed by humans and so are Phenomenal. I agree, and so do not challenge here, that 3 is analytic; as the etymology of 'analytic' suggests, the meaning of the sentence must be 'loosened up' from the sentence that itself must be 'loosened up' by examining each word. 

The answer key (on p 220) states (b) as the only answer. But is this correct? 

Kant's use of the Loan Word 'noumenon' appears to contradict its original meaning in Greek; to what thinking or perception can nooúmenon refer, if humans can never perceive, understand, or think about noumena? Did Kant intend a semantic shift? Source: Prof Michael Sandel, Justice: ..., Episode 06: "MIND YOUR MOTIVE" A student (who reveals his name as Patrick, at the 52:45 interval) asks: 

Why is d) not also an answer? Anything perfect does not exist for humans, and so must be Noumena? 

[1.] We have to organize our experience not as what Kant calls a mere "rhapsody" or kaleidoscope of perceptions, but in terms of a temporal and spatial order.