If you go far enough from the island, the health bar for the dragon will disappear. It is safe to build at that place. See for example this video at 08:30. 

Fortunately keeping track of changes is easy - changes are typically transfered from one block to its neighbors. So if one block changes - for example when player places block or flips a lever, all six adjacent blocks are scheduled for update. When their change is calculated, they in turn schedule all their adjacent blocks for update etc. The process stops if a 'passive' block is reached, like air or most solid blocks. The wiki is a bit vague in describing where can fire be started from a lava block. The behavior is similar to fire spread, but it is not identical. 

Here is the raw data including all diamond helmet enchantments if you'd like to play around with it. I have used MCP 9.03 (Minecraft 1.7.2) to generate the results, but I'm not aware of any changes in the enchantment probabilities since then. Even in the upcoming 1.8 where the enchanting mechanic is changed, the probabilities and enchantment selection were not changed (according to Jeb). It is possible however that the enchanting will be revisited once more before the final 1.8 release. I guess I could include the book enchantment probabilities for completeness, but they are lower than the helmet ones by an order of magnitude: Fire can also be born from lava. Fire is always created above the lava position. Fire can be created in a 5x5x2 shape above it (see the example - fire can be created at any of the glass blocks, if it was an air block and there were an adjacent flammable block). To prevent lava from creating fire, cover it fully (3x3) with blocks that have a collision mask. 

Minecraft Enchantment Calculator looks pretty good and definitely gives the right idea of the shape of the distrubution. I feel I can add just a little bit more insight. I have ran the actual game code that creates the enchantments 1,000,000 times per level and counted how many times I got any enchantment at each level. Here are the raw results and here is the chart with selected a few enchantments: You'll notice some small differences in results compared with Minecraft Enchantment Calculator (besides the lines being a bit smoother because of the greater number of simulations): 

Water will break all plants except reeds and cactus and all circuitry blocks + a few others: button, end rod, flower pot, lever, rails, redstone dust, repeaters and comparators, skulls, torches, string, web, and trip wire hook. 

The results are a bit different because Minecraft Enchantment Calculator is reimplementation of the enchantment algorithm in javascript and as such it is not perfect, while the simulations shown here invoke the actual game code to get the enchantments. Still, Minecraft Enchantment Calculator is really easy to use and gives a good enough idea of the shape of the probability.