Anas was a young man when the Messenger of Allah passed away and a child of ten years when Muhammad came to Medina, so he couldn't have exactly witnessed how long the Prophet lived in Mekka, but he heard it from others, so here I wouldn't give much for the amount quoted in his hadith this means you can clearly delete or forget about all the quotes about 60 years. As his statement is less exact. I will try to explain how the Quran was written at the end of my answer but first i want to explain the meaning of the word: 

I guess for pink and other color shades you will hardly find a hadith. 

The major meaning of the verse -you are asking about- is that one shouldn't prohibit to himself what is made lawful (halal) for him, just to get the approval of others -no matter who they are-. While the next verses are explaining what is to do if one made an oath and prohibited to himself something which is lawful to him for the same purpose (approval of others). Disgrace and humiliation have been stamped upon them wherever they may be except in the case when they get refuge under the favor of Allah or under the patronage of other people. They have incurred the wrath of Allah; therefore misery and humiliation have been stamped upon them. This is because they rejected the Revelations of Allah and killed His Prophets without any just cause; this is the consequence of their disobedience and their transgression.(112) 

Finally, I don't think it's un-American to demand that the community be allowed to live with dignity and not be the subject of hate speech that paints the ideology that binds them in a grossly inaccurate manner and renders its members, as a whole, liable to suspicion of criminality and terrorism and even liable to personal attacks. Seriously, if this was done to African-Americans or Jews, the debate would not revolve around free speech, it would be around hate speech. Having said that, I think most American Muslims accept that as currently defined and enforced, this is covered under freedom of speech, no matter how disgusting or blatantly false. There is no contradiction between (legally) making your displeasure known and at the same time accepting free speech. KKK material is allowed, but are you going to expect African-Americans to remain quiet about it? (Don't tell me that "Muslims" get violent and other people don't - we're talking about Muslims in the West and we're ignoring all the complexity in some of the Muslim lands). 

The Prophet (saws) used humor to lighten the mood in many situations. He was known to always smile. When he laughed the whites of his teeth showed. When we read those ahadith, sometimes we don't really get the joke because we're living in a different time and different things are funny to us now.