So the car accident between protagonist and antagonist at the beginning is ok. If they meet again when applying for the same job, the setting is already introduced ("Oh, that guy!"). 

If the fortune helps the protagonist or is used at the middle or end to get further in the story, then it is perceived as cheating. 

If the protagonist has a street fight against the evil doers and he is running out of ammo, then that's increasing the conflict. If he runs out of ammo in front of a gun shop, it is decreasing the conflict (i.e. unfair help for the protagonist). If the gun shop is locked it is increasing again (reader will like it again). 

Coincidence in the beginning of the story vs. coincidence at the end of the story (Deus ex machina problem) Conflict decreasing coincidence vs. conflict increasing coincidence The reader forgives (and sometimes want) coincidences that happen at the beginning of the story and conflict increasing coincidences. 

We have to distinguish two different layers of coincidences: 

The cavalry at the end rescuing the protagonist, because he is inapt doing it himself is a no-no. ("Why have I read all these pages if he can't rescue himself? What a loser!") 

Third in importance is the moment actual sex begins (beyond kissing); and what it means to at least one of them. Fourth is any moment of climax. Those are not in order of how they happen, and show what you can skip. 

For example, on TV some stories show two fully clothed characters kiss [finally], then fade out, and fade back in with the two characters fully clothed the next day, in the office or court room or whatever. The audience knows they boned, their attitude towards each other shows that too. 

The mechanics are not so important. A full sex scene is pretty boring; sex is mostly repeating a motion many times. So I'd avoid writing the 'middle' at all. How they came to the point of intimacy is important, even if you only show him kissing her (or vice versa). Next in importance is the transition out; from completed act to 'normal' (I presume eventually you want your story to continue with fully dressed characters). 

There is a "why" of how they came to be naked together, so what is satisfied in that final movement of P finally meets V? As Lauren says (+1), skip the genitalia, mechanics, etc. Even if they are not virgins, first sex with a new partner you have known for some time is transformative for both of them, it begins a new chapter in their relationship, and that moment when P meets V is a singular moment because of how it irrevocably changes what they wanted and anticipated doing into what they have done. 

I can't write the direct and explicit scene, and I don't think they are necessary. And really, as a reader I feel like they are 'telling' me something and hoping I will translate that into character feelings and sensations: In your example, shouldn't that movement produce some sort of feeling in him, or in her, or in both of them? 

Several good answers and I don't want to repeat what they said, but let me add: 

I think you can almost always get away with ONE coincidence that gets the story rolling. Like suppose the story begins with two people who are fierce business rivals just happening to meet in a social setting and becoming romantically involved, only discovering their identity as business rivals later. (The Shop Around the Corner, You've Got Mail) Is this an unlikely coincidence? Yes. But few readers will question it, because we accept that this is what gets the story started. It's unlikely, but if it didn't happen, if the two never met, there would be no story at all. When we are relating true stories, we don't talk about the 1000 times that someone went to the grocery store or the office or the park and nothing interesting happened and he went home; we talk about the one time that something interesting DID happen that changed his life. Same in fiction. 

Ditto Lauren's comments about turning coincidences into probabilities. If you tell us that one day Bob is walking down the street and he just happens to see a gun lying on the sidewalk and he picks it up and sticks it in his pocket, and then he walks into a bank just as it is being robbed and he heroically saves the day, the reader will likely find the coincidence implausible. But if you tell us that Bob has been carrying a gun constantly every day for the last 20 years, it doesn't sound so implausible. Or if you say that Sally has long dreamed of opening her own restaurant but never had the resources to do it, and one day she attends a class on French literature where she meets someone with a similar dream who is looking for a partner, it sounds like an implausible co-incidence. But change it to a class on how to start a business, and it doesn't sound unlikely at all. Etc. 

Coincidence in the beginning of the story vs. coincidence at the end of the story (Deus ex machina problem) Conflict decreasing coincidence vs. conflict increasing coincidence The reader forgives (and sometimes want) coincidences that happen at the beginning of the story and conflict increasing coincidences. 

We have to distinguish two different layers of coincidences: 

So coincidences at the beginning of the story and coincidences which are punishing the protagonist (increasing conflict) are good/acceptable, helping coincidences and stuff that happens later out of nowhere to keep the story running are no-gos. 

If the protagonist has a street fight against the evil doers and he is running out of ammo, then that's increasing the conflict. If he runs out of ammo in front of a gun shop, it is decreasing the conflict (i.e. unfair help for the protagonist). If the gun shop is locked it is increasing again (reader will like it again). 

So the car accident between protagonist and antagonist at the beginning is ok. If they meet again when applying for the same job, the setting is already introduced ("Oh, that guy!"). 

Caveat: None of the above is true if you write a parody.