Asking them if they're looking is tricky; they may lie or deny it, or may feel insecure even if they tell you. It really depends how much they trust you. If they think you may hold it against them, they definitely won't even breathe a hint of it. It also depends how much you trust yourself; will you really treat them the same if you know they're looking to get out? 

Finally, for managing risks, you probably already have a risk register with a list of risks and their probability and impact (if you don't, make one ASAP!) If it's not used by the team, you can add individuals or people of certain roles leaving (eg. senior developer); if it is shared, make a private version to manage these risks. This is probably not something you want to tout publicly. 

If people are still leaving, then it's likely that they don't see job security in their current positions -- not surprising, considering the downsizing. I think the first step would be to talk to the team and tell them that things are getting better and that downsizing is over -- many companies overlook this small but crucial piece of communication. To motivate them to stay, if you know things are going to improve in 1-2 years, you can share that information with them -- whatever little you know. That's the most you can probably do. You can also personalize with them, and tell them that your salary is as frozen as theirs is. I had one manager tell me this, and it did make me feel better. I would say, if you're really going to be bold and ask them, do it in a smart way: create an anonymous employee satisfaction survey (Google Docs can do it) and ask them if they're leaving, and put an optional field for their name. You can explain your reasons for wanting to know. If they want to tell you, they can; but you're not forcing them to tell you anything they don't want to. 

No person can be 100% utilized either. The question is how could they be helping their team instead, even if it is a task that they might be a little slower on. People may have to change the way they work or how they do they work in order to scale well. You are right that grouping by areas of expertise is considered a bad idea as now no one group of people actually has what they need to be responsible and deliver a full feature. It can create siloing and a lot of throwing over the wall or even overwhelming situations for again groups that end up being the dependencies for every other team. I would agree that in general most software companies scale by creating groups of people that can be responsible for full value delivery or they have everyone and everything they need to be responsible end to end as much as possible. I suspect any other "agile" person will answer much the same way. 

Finally, over communicate about what you are doing and the challenges you are trying to solve and rally people behind the effort. If they don't also see the need or value the change, you'll create bigger challenges. They have to be apart of the change since they are the ones having to do it even if you are deciding it in some way. The network is very important. I knew company where the change manager wasn't really popular and nobody really cared what he was doing, but right after having a different guy in position with better connections, things started to happen. 

Project manager is responsible for the coordination between projects, customer development and delivering the project on time by helping/supporting the teams which are involved in the process 

The company I'm working for have several sites, and I'd like to write about two specific sites: one, where the discussions can be as long as they needed and the other where the sponsors behave as you described. Both sides are productive, but the smarter things come from the site where we can discuss as much as we can. The knowledge sharing is way faster, where you can discuss things. Where the discussion is monitored, the knowledge stays where it is and certain people "own" the knowledge and that's slow and not healthy. 

After a while, the manager who started the experiment will become more popular and successful inside the organisation and the members of her network will come by and ask for the recipe. They'll find out that the popularity and the success weren't achieved with control, but with empowerment. Some of them will try it out some of them will never.