What made you think they know about the protein content? Evolutionary pressures would have drove humans to develop instincts for foods that contain the nutrition we need to survive (i.e., cravings). There is also a common human preference for diversity. Those factors alone would have pushed early civilisation into cultivating multiple crops. - Tansey, P. "The Princeps Senatus in the Last Decades of the Republic." Chiron 30 (2000): 15-30. Modern scholarship lends his arguments support. The Oxford biological anthropologist, Dr Laura Fortunato, writes that: Their modern descendents might an Indo-Iranian language, but they are a mix of different lineages just like everyone else. Except for the Scottish Lowlands, all of these only occurred during the Viking Age. The settlement of Iceland only began in the mid-9th century, and Greenland and America even later than that. - Salisbury, J. E. Rome's Christian Empress: Galla Placidia Rules at the Twilight of the Empire. JHU Press, 2015. Upon scrutiny, it appears Strabo mistook the southern shores of Britain, which faced France, to be its longest side. In contrast, Pytheas correctly understood Britain to be much longer vertically than it is horizontally. The dimensions they gave also differed, with Pytheas greatly overestimating the size of Britain while Strabo erred in the opposite direction. This however might be due to a conversion error: 26 (29) A.D. / 1,988 (1,991) Years Old: We can establish the absolute upper limit to Christianity's age as the start of the Ministry of Jesus. Obviously, there could be no Christianity at least until Jesus introduced the seeds for that religion. The start of Jesus' ministry can be dated to 26 or 29 A.D.; during this time, it would have been at most a sect of Judaism. By the loosest possible interpretation, therefore, Christianity would be 1988 years old. Lastly, Strabo cites Polybius in disbelieving that Pytheas was capable of what he reported to have achieved. - Phillips, David D. Athenian Political Oratory: 16 Key Speeches. Psychology Press, 2004. Duke Xiao of Qin occupied the defensiveness of Mount Yap and the Hangu Pass, and held the province of Yong. He and his ministers turtled and looked to replace the Zhou Dynasty. That is to say, those tribes that did not feed off both staple carbohydrates and high protein pulses (and others) was out competed by those who did. As the successful tribes learnt to start growing their food, they would have begun by growing the food they already ate. Hence the farming societies "knowing" about eating pulses. - Dillon, Matthew, and Lynda Garland. Ancient Rome: A Sourcebook. Routledge, 2013. Strictly speaking, the Proto-Indo=Europeans probably were (at least some of the) ancestors of the modern Ukrainian people. And it is true that the Proto-Indo-Europeans occupied most of Europe and large parts of Iran and India. But they are not really "Proto-Ukrainians" in any meaningful sense. Modern Ukrainians, or even Slavs in general, are but one of the many descendants of Proto-Indo-Europeans. But instead, they fought over inches of land out of greed, going back on their treaty promises to kill each other. The states were wearied before Qin even attacked, allowing Qin's armies to take advantage of their weakness and annex their countries. This is sad. There were no armies of several hundred thousand strong during the Three Kingdoms period. However, the largest engagement of the era, the Battle of Red Cliff, did involve over 200,000 troops under Tsao Tsao. In that example, his forces were divided into two main prongs as well as six smaller groups, which were either held in reserve or advancing towards other targets. Within each army, individual general commanded smaller units of perhaps 5,000 soldiers each. (Since the question was changed as I posted my answer, the original is preserved below) - Prevas, John. Hannibal Crosses the Alps: the Invasion of Italy and the Punic Wars. Da Capo Press, 2009. - Joseph Fontenrose. La mantique Apollinienne a Delphes: Essai sur le fonctionnement de l'oracle by Pierre Amandry. The American Journal of Philology Vol. 73, No. 4 (1952), pp. 445-448 Example: Sicilia, wearing triskelis, standing left, holding crown and poppies 30 (33) A.D. / 1,984 (1987) Years Old: It is far more convincing to say Christianity began after Jesus had been crucified. The earliest of this position dates Christianity to the Great Commission of Christianity after Jesus died. In biblical canon, after "resurrecting", Jesus told his apostles to spread the gospel to all corners of the world - and this became a central tenet of the Christian faith. Of course, the historical evidence for this event is sketchy at best.