Yes, several different Romans and Greek gods are mentioned. Artemis, Zeus, and Hermes are all Greek gods and Ashteroth was known as Astarte or Aphrodite to the Greeks. 

The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God will stand forever. Isaiah 40:8 ESV 

There are basically two approaches to translation--1) word for word, and 2) thought for thought. 

Well, the Apostle Paul specifically states that the things written in the past were for our instruction, for encouragement, and to give us hope. 

The New Covenant allows us to know God more fully. The Old Testament help to teach us who He is. 

Paul refers to someone named "James" whom he refers to as "the Lord's brother". 

So, the fact that God asks questions does not mean He lacks knowledge or information and must gain it from the minds of men. He asks questions for other reasons, just like you and I do in our conversations with other people. 

The Bible has been translated into more languages than any other book by far. Wycliffe Bible Translators and others continue to do this in more and more languages. This is seen by many to be part of the fulfillment of the Great Commission. 

One case could be in 2 Corinthians 12:13. Paul is writing to the Corinthians and mentions that he hasn't been a burden to them, presumably financially, but has labored among them nonetheless. 

Using, then, the Old and New Testament as a foundation, there are a few key points with regard to any new work that proclaims itself the Word of God. 

Then We gave Moses the Book, complete for him who does good, and distinguishing every thing, and as a guidance and a mercy; haply they would believe in the encounter with their Lord. This is a Book We have sent down, blessed; so follow it, and be godfearing; haply so you will find mercy; lest you should say, 'The Book was sent down only upon two parties before us, and we have indeed been heedless of their study'; or lest you say, 'If the Book had been sent down upon us, we had surely been more rightly guided than they.' Yet indeed a clear sign has come to you from your Lord, and a guidance and a mercy; and who does greater evil than he who cries lies to God's signs, and turns away from them? We shall surely recompense those who turn away from Our signs with an evil chastisement for their turning away. S. 6:154-157 Arberry 

So, yes, some sickness can certainly be a direct judgment of God. Of course, some sins expose people to sicknesses to which they would otherwise not be exposed. In such cases, it would probably be better considered just a consequence of sin rather than a specific judgment of God. 

Still, we want to have an accurate translation. The Greek language of the New Testament is a very precise language--well-suited, coincidentally, for recording doctrinal issues. Hebrew, I am told, is great for storytelling, which is almost quite coincidental. 

After three months we set sail in a ship that had wintered in the island, a ship of Alexandria, with the twin gods as a figurehead. Acts 28:11 ESV [This apparently refers to Castor and Pollux.] 

As a side note, however, it is likely only inexhaustible for people who are actually Christians. Many believers attest to the fact that prior to their conversion to Christianity, the Bible was a confusing, lifeless, incomprehensible book, yet it came alive to them after their conversion. Paul hints at this phenomenon: 

This is an interesting chart that compares word-for-word to thought-for-thought translations: http://www.apbrown2.net/web/TranslationComparisonChart.htm 

So, those are some general principles. I would personally recommend the following translations: 

for them is good tidings in the present life and in the world to come. There is no changing the words of God; that is the mighty triumph. S. 10:64 Arberry 

Many in the KJV-Only movement have made much of the differences between the Greek manuscript families of the Textus Receptus (TR) and the critical text. Most modern translations are based on the critical texts while the KJV and a few others are based on the Textus Receptus. I have personally investigated the variances between these two manuscript families quite a bit. Some claim that the the critical text is based on corrupted manuscripts. My personal conclusion is that the critical text is, indeed, older. What is "missing" from them that appears in the TR is essentially explanatory notes that were likely included in margins of manuscripts originally and over time found their way into the manuscripts themselves. Other variants seemed to arise from the inclusion of wording from one gospel into the account of the same event in another gospel. List of major textual variants in the New Testament 

When Christians use the word Bible, they are not merely referring to the New Testament, but to the Old Testament as well. This includes the Torah. 

A good translation will attempt to capture the meaning put forth in the original language and represent that as closely as possible in the other language. 

Artemis was also known to the Romans as Diana and Ashteroth was known to them as Venus. 

In reality, though, an exact word for word translation does not really work. Oftentimes, a Greek proper name will have the definite article preceding it, and we don't typically do that in English. For instance, Greek has, literally, "the God". In English, however, this is just not the way we speak. So, even the most literal word-for-word translation will not say "the God" or "the Jesus" or "the Capernaum". 

So, no, Levitical laws do not apply to us today. We are, indeed, under the New Covenant. Yet the Old Testament still reveals God to us. 

After the birth of Jesus, then, Joseph and Mary were like any other married couple and would have likely had other children.