Looking at it, it might be a right hand thread, meaning a French or Italian bottom bracket. So it will tighten up as you pedal. That's unusual and may be the reason the lockring is loose (whoever took it off turned it the usual way, it didn't go on, they gave up). If so, you're lucky and it's just a matter of putting it back on by tightening it the usual (right hand/clockwise) way. It may even be that the BB has a right hand thread and the lock ring is a replacement with left hand thread, and that's never going to work. 

Alignment is anything from trivial to impossible. Good lights have a cut-off beam pattern that is more rectangular than circular. That way you can point the light at the road in front of you and not have the central peak that's pointing up into the eyes of people coming towards you. Even expensive lights often don't do this, so you might be out of luck. 

In a bike shop I worked in we regularly maintained old two and three speed Sturmey-Archer hubs from the 1950's (and other similar hubs)and some of those had been ridden regularly for more than half a century. We were known as having a good supply of parts and knowledge so we saw a lot of them - people would travel some distance to bring their bikes in. Some of those hubs had worn parts that I didn't think would wear much at all, so they'd been used a lot. 

I'd be very tempted to make a tool roll. You'll need access to a sewing machine that can handle 2-3 layers of canvas, but even most home machines will do that if you're careful (and buy a canvas needle!) That's a metal tool chest weighing about 80kg on the back of a loadbike, with my Rohloff wheel under it. The burly guy riding it found it hard to hold upright... it was heavy. 

Three Nexus 8 hubs failed at 5000km each. I had a Shimano Nexus 8 in a single-speed MTB fram that I commuted on for a few years. I only did about 5000km/year, the the hub only lasted a year. Fortunately Shimano replaced it under warranty - new internals only, so it was an easy swap. Unfortunately that one also failed after about a year. Even worse, Shitmano said "warranty replacement items have no further warranty" and even though I was still inside the original two year warranty, refused to replace it. Fortunately my LBS agreed to replace it at their cost. Unfortunately... that one also lasted a year. At that point Shitmano no longer made the exact hub that I had, the new Nexus 8 had the same name but different internals and I would have had to rebuild the wheel. So I sold the broken hub to someone who wanted it for parts. 

There are clearly some incompatibilities between your cassette body and and the new small cog that it's butting up against, as well as the additional protrusions on the back of the cassette. 

Your best solution is probably to purchase a new cassette, as compatibility with an 8-speed cassette body using the 4.5mm spacer will then be correct. If price is particularly a sensitive matter, you could alternatively modify the spacer you have to fit appropriately. Off-the-shelf spacers for this situation don't exist, unfortunately. It looks like you'd need to notch it for the three prongs on the back as well as remove a small amount of material to account for the protrusions on the front of the hub. 

For your frame, it sounds like the Park Tool directions for securing bosses on carbon frames should work equally well. The top mount on the seat-tube is also the easiest to repair using this method, so you're in luck. If you don't have a chain and don't have a chainguard, you're almost guaranteed to slip at some point and dig your chainring into your shins or ankles. In this case, your specific compressor (the Scheppach HC16w) has a maximum pressure of 8 bar (around 116 psi) and does not have a storage air-tank. Be careful when pumping up low-pressure tires (like regular bicycle tires) so that you don't over inflate them. You may have trouble inflating racing or road bike tires (100 psi+) and may have to top them off with a track pump. 

The best thing to do is to go to your local auto parts store or hardware store and ask for a good teflon based dry (chain) lube (for the chain), motor oil, or regular auto grease (for the axle). Some people also swear by chainsaw bar oil for bike chains (I find it's kinda sticky and prefer dry lubes, but you might be a rainy area). Here are some lubes that a regular auto/hardware store would have that would suffice: