This has happened before, most recently Congress voted to override Obama's veto on a bill that would allow the families of those killed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot. Yes, it's the first trip made by a US President from Saudi Arabia to Israel directly. George W. Bush made a similar trip in May 2008 as Donald Trump's but in the other way around. Also, how many presidential memoranda did former President Obama signed? (He signed 277 executive orders, according to CNN.) The few instances you listed doesn't really interfere with the election since they're just stating their opinions. Currently, he's using taxpayer's money. According to this article by CNN, he will use federal funds initially. What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? That is Bob Dole, the Republican Senate Leader from 1981 to 1996. Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton? There are a few reasons to this: If so, it doesn't seem to be working. It actually depends. If you define "working" as leading in the polls, then there are other factors to take into account. His policies, his rhetoric, etc. also contributes to the success of the campaign. Many factors contributes to the measure of a campaign. One such example is that the DNC had favored Hillary over Bernie to be the Democratic Presidential Nominee. If the emails aren't released, the public wouldn't know that. Similarly, if someone hacked Trump's tax returns and released them, it would also be illegal. As seen on Wikipedia, Donald Trump seems to have signed only 1 executive order and 5 presidential memoranda, as opposed to all being executive orders. Credits to @user4012 for pointing out Dole's 1996 presidential campaign. For example, if John tells someone that he doesn't support Trump compared to Tom hacking a presidential candidate's emails and releasing potentially confidential and private emails that would reveal discussions within the campaign. This would give the public information that they aren't supposed to know. At the time, out of concern over the targeted nature, and particularly the probing of systems, the Obama administration wanted to make an announcement/warning to the general public. However, Obama was worried about the appearance of partisan meddling by himself, so he called together the leaders of the House and Senate, both sides, had the intelligence people brief them, and wanted to make a joint/united bi-partisan announcement about what was going on. Mitch McConnell, specifically, balked and stated he'd raise a partisan stink if anyone made any announcements, so nothing was said by the administration. This is similar to China being recognized as THE China, and Taiwan being recognized as, well, something different. Mainland China always gets very upset when officials from Taiwan are met or dealt with, because they consider that nation to be illegitimate, in their official stance. Prohibition on communication about the assets. The claim that family members are not going to discuss, basically, the disposition of family assets is simply not plausible. With a truly independent trust manager, there aren't inherent conflicts of interest or pressure to violate this requirement that comes with being a child of the owner of the assets. The independent trust manager (again, independent) must not have a personal financial stake in the assets. Children clearly do, both short term, possibly, and as eventual heirs to an estate. NOTE: My answer deals specifically with whether immediate family members could be in charge of what was considered a "blind trust," not whether regulations require it be done for President. Initially, it seemed that it was generally Russians being jerks, as they are wont to do, and that the Dems, especially the DNC, were sloppy with their security, so the one-sided nature of what was leaked was more a matter of opportunity. Financial Assets and Conflict of Interest Regulation in the Executive Branch Congressional Research Service Add to that somewhat schoolyard-ish name calling at the UN by President Trump, and one can see why North Korea feels that the USA does not acknowledge them as a nation-state. If you have a fake "news" site, which superficially resembles actual news sites, that claims that Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party are using a pizza restaurant as a conduit for a massive child pornography and prostitution ring, for instance, it gets more credibility and gets circulated and cited more than if, say, some nutter in the Russian parliament stands up and makes that accusation.