What are the main lines of argument (and by whom and where) criticising the very idea of a common denominator of humanity (or the human condition) in light of human variation? I am interested mostly in arguments that meet the following criteria: I read it as follows: a) There may occur ‘controversial social issues’. b) These issues may raise or reveal issues in the social customs/habits, i.e. in ethics. c) When these issues are addressed ‘in a reflective and responsible way’ (probably: abstract/general considerations?), we speak about morals, i.e. a field in that ethics is reflected upon. Now, we can reflect on morals, i.e. our way of reflecting upon social issues, as well: That means that for Kant, everything that can be enforced by society through law belongs to morals, whereas all other duties (of a fair and just life that fullfils the full notion of a finite rational being that humans are) belong to ethics. This translation is not entirely correct, though. Hamann originally writes "Er soll nicht damit zufrieden seyn", i.e. "Kant is said not to be satisified". Again - heresay. He points out the sentence before that he did not have the heart to ask Kant personally when visiting him, although this was the original purpose of his visit. One might argue that the contents of his reports are generally quite accurate, though. For comparison, here, I'd suggest the first line of Joyce's Finnegans Wake - which might be thought as a sustained attempt at a novel in Jabberwockian style. This, in fact is one of the functions of sacred art; traditionally oral poetry or music; but it requires receptivity, and for that - rare and temperamental; which is one reason it's surrounded by rituals of association and evocation - a kind of sympathetic magic. And so to time, for mathematical operations even when they are on time, never exemplify time: if A is A now, and later is B; if change is a continua, then A and B are the same in a sense; but if A is really different to B, and so properly distinct, when or how can change occur? It's a question of becoming and being: I can say, becoming is, and that being is; but that does not entail their ontological reduction; for Aristotle, at least in one sense, being is a limit of becoming. One might suppose with the greater computational & data technologies at hand one needs a more sophisticated understanding of classification that elaborates and constructs a typology from the point (no classification) to the rhizome (all significant determinations & dimensions captured). Both these ends being ideal ends - there being no point to the point - and the rhizome always escaping. It might be worth looking at Benjamins The work of art in the age of mechanical reproduction - apposite in todays world of overproduction of imagery and there loosening from traditional moorings. Susans Sontags On photography is useful in framing the (Foucaldian) discourse of 'truth' that is represented by the photo or cinema verite (one appears if one is actually there); of the course the substance of her argument is much more readily apparent in a world easy of photoshopping. He draws a distinction between aborescent & rhizomatic thinking. That is tree-like and network-like. But this just reduces to what went before; for I took it out of space to say so - in a way, in a sense; but not actually so - for I did not; saying so, to illustrate. This picture opens up new horizons wheras the tree anchors - for example the archaic controversy as to whether Indo-European languages has an originary point is plausibly driven by the very form of the picture of a tree; one might instead theorize multiple diffuse sites, flows & mutations. Again the resources of language that Joyce brings to bear is essential to the artistic effect; still one might say, it's some serious effort to read in this manner, because the inter-textuality needs to be natural for one to appreciate the artistry in itself, as opposed to discursively - which is a step away. First of all, I agree on both points made by @MauroAllegranza (as I often do). Interestingly, though, Hamann reports only about six weeks later to Herder, that his "counter-critique to Garve's Cicero" (own translation) would have transformed into a "prodrom of morals" [Prodromum der Moral] (German original letter), i.e. into a groundwork. As a counter-argument to that another letter from Hamann to Herder should be considered that deals with the Garve-review as well (from Dec 9th, 1783): Now, we can reflect on morals, i.e. our way of reflecting upon social issues, as well: For an overview just read the SEP article to phenomenology. This is thought to be the basic destinguishing feature of life: Non-living nature does not have its border as part of its own (membranes, skin, etc). For 'dead things', the border is simply the nothing between two different mediums, not belonging to either of them. Living beings, as having their border, posit themselves within an environment, they have a 'positionality'. Helmuth Plessner in his Die Stufen des Organischen und der Mensch. Einführung in die Philosophische Anthropologie from 1928 (!) [The Levels of the Organic and Man, Introduction to Philosophical Anthropology (unpublished as english translation).] proposes a philosophy of nature where the basic category of life (in phenomenological terms) is transcending its own borders from within and outside-in, and therefore having its border. Also, together with Timmermann's commentary, a lot of sources can be found for further reading on the discussion. It is in the original review, not the one posted in the Göttinger Gelehrten Anzeigen, which was mutilated by Feder. Kant received the original in late 1783 and realized that fallacy, some even tend to claim that it was one of the main reasons for writing the Groundwork and, in effect, the drive that led to the other two critiques. First, regarding the aim of your question: The text is referenced and being cited (see Google Scholar), i.e. meets minimal criteria of scholarship. It is written in English, German, or even French (if must be). Arguments from different cultural and/or philosophical backgrounds would be most welcome, given the above two points. Examples would be the above-mentioned argument of incommensurability, Wittgensteinian arguments about the limits of mutual understanding and community and language framing one's reality, or historical and more general contextual limitations of universality (like the Chinese delegate mentioned).