Rudeness, in my online experience, is toxic to the athmosphere, the community, and the business of calmly answering questions based on facts. I kinda see where your theory is coming from and in a way, I also kinda agree (yes, etiquette can be used as a tool of oppression, preserving the status quo, etc. and that needs fighting against), but it's not a sane basis for the interactions of a community of human beings. At least not a community that I want to be a part of, thank you very much. Obviously the classy thing for a mod to do is not handle any flags that concern their own actions. alt text http://www.pekkagaiser.com/stuff/unicorns/4.png Unicorn en route from Iceland to Basle, Switzerland, above the black forest Collect plagiarized answers somewhere (where?) and report them to mods when you are done Just out of idle edge case curiosity during coffee break: 1920x1200 - 1920x1080 - 1680x1050 - 1600x1200 - 1280x1024 - 1280x800 - 1024x768 With a high-res Unicorn courtesy of course of @balpha and his marvellous Unicorn Farm. important comments might have been added to the Stack Overflow page since you scraped the page. Out of mere idle curiosity, what is the state of internationalizing the Stack Exchange engine and community creation process? Flag each plagiarized answer separately, as they come up, but point out that they are part of an ongoing series Alternatively, they can of course also use a normal disclaimer at the end of the contribution ("Full disclosure: I am CEO of Quadruptron, Inc.") or "I am the maintainer of the project" or whatever. The affiliation is very easy to work into the text flow. alt text http://www.pekkagaiser.com/stuff/unicorns/2.png Unicorn on white canvas A crowdsourcing interface to get things translated (assuming that's the road that's going to be taken for translation - it would make little sense not to, though?) I'd be interested in seeing whether showing your (or, well, someone's) real-world face and/or name tends to make people treat you more courteously than a default Gravatar, or whether there seems to be no significant difference. Our Quadruptron IV can do this. It can swarble 50 gorgles per second. I'm entirely happy with the way rudeness is moderated on the SE network, and wouldn't want to see it change. I can not remember an instance where I felt a serious, important viewpoint was suppressed during the enforcing of politeness. As @Saladin says in his comment, patience is a virtue, and getting a problem solved on SO for free is still a privilege, not a right. If you want guaranteed answers, hire somebody.