Other examples of this are John 15:26 and especially 16:13–14. However, some trinitarian scholars reject this argument as specious, saying that the rules of Greek grammar are not controverted in these verses: the masculine pronoun, they argue, can legitimately refer to the masculine noun Helper, not Spirit, even though (particularly in John 16) they are not in close proximity.2 Grudem also points to Christ's exclamations on the cross: "It is finished" (John 19:30) and "Father, into your hands I commit my spirit" (Luke 23:46). Both of these, Grudem argues, suggest that Christ expected that his suffering and estrangement from God would immediately end, and that he would be welcomed to the Father. Grudem also notes the similar words of Stephen in Acts 7:59. 

The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect. 

Other personal activities performed by the Holy Spirit include: 

Anselm's satisfaction theory of the atonement is developed in his book, Cur Deus Homo, and, as presented, is not "based on the Bible" like we might expect. Instead, Anselm relies heavily on logic, and largely avoids citing Scripture to make his case. Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God. Jesus certainly suffered in his crucifixion, as the Gospels attest. We might argue about the extent to which he was conscious of each sin individually. While some would say that Jesus in his earthly life had only a human intellect, the transcendent nature of the Passion is surely a plausible candidate for an exception. In any case, he felt the pain of every sin, including yours and mine, regardless of precisely how he felt it. In 1 Timothy 1:12-17, Paul - or someone writing as him - says (NRSV translation): 

The saying is sure and worthy of full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners - of whom I am the foremost. But for that very reason I received mercy, so that in me, as the foremost, Jesus Christ might display the utmost patience, making me an example to those who would come to believe in him for eternal life. To the King of the ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen. 

This was a topic of dispute in early Christianity, between believers who had come from the Jewish faith, and gentiles. The issue relates to whether Christianity is part of Judaism - which would mean that converts had to be circumcised - or whether it is an independent faith. If it is not needed for adult converts, then it would not be applicable for children either. 

And was numbered with the transgressors; 

Going back to Ezekiel, we see that Zeke was responsible to warn both unbelievers and believers alike. The same is true of us. The way to go about doing so is by witnessing by both life and lip, but leading with our life. A saying I grew up with, which I learned probably from a Roy Rogers(!) song (Rogers was a television- and movie star in Westerns, mostly, who was also an outspoken Christian), and the song was probably based on the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson: Now the argument could be made that on this side of heaven, what we deem to be so special and impossible to live without, God will replace in heaven with something much, much better, inconceivably better, even. Just because the argument can be made, however, does not make something either true or false. If with the help of the Holy Spirit we look deep within our spirits and exercise our sanctified imaginations, we'll begin to realize God has no intention of depriving us of anything in heaven. Will there be times of praise in heaven? Yes. In addition to a few harps in heaven's orchestra, there will also be more than a few trumpets, guitars, violins, doublebasses, flutes, clarinets, tympani, cymbals, organs, and maybe even a didgeridoo! God is a God of variety and creativity. There will probably be instruments in heaven we have never even heard of, let alone know how to play! But we'll learn.