It looks more or less same as the cricket leg-pads. If they missed the ball means, what is the rule there regarding wide? 

If the match still abandoned on the reserve day, then the team(KXI Punjab) which finished in the higher position in the points table will be deemed the winner of the match. 

We can see some of the cricketers using baseball helmets in cricket. 

You can see this Wiki Link for some of the examples of the players who got punished for ball tampering. The most famous one is Shahid Afridi got banned for two matches for biting the ball. It is permitted for a batsman to reverse or switch his bat from right to left or vice versa for getting runs. 

The umpires will find whether the ball is tampered. They shall make frequent and irregular inspections of the ball. If the umpires together agree that the deterioration in the condition of the ball is greater than is consistent with the use it has received then they will apply the Law 42.1 on this action as an unfair Play. What are the general rules about this? a: the team with the most wins in matches in the League during the season will be placed in the higher position 

EDIT: Given two answers are about switch hitting. I apologize for not providing clear informations. Let me explain clearly. Consider a batsman, for example Dhoni comes to crease and faced two or three deliveries and after that can he face the next delivery as a Left handed batsman. He is a right handed batsman by profile. My question is, is it possible for a batsman or bowler to change is playing style i.e.,right to left or left to right during the match? 

A bowler muffing their run-up is not common, but will typically only occur once or twice in a one day international innings, if at all. In the case that it is not clear even to witnesses or by examination of evidence (and in particular, it is not clear to the umpires of the match in question) benefit of the doubt is presumed for the batsman (Law 27.6, Consultation by umpires), and therefore the decision should be not out. As a delivery is a free hit, the batsman cannot be out Stumped (Law 28.17, Out from a No ball, which is further applied to the free hit itself). Whether the batsman was or was not attempting to run between the creases cannot be determined by anybody who was not present and does not have access to conclusive video or audio evidence. 20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). The umpire calls and signals dead ball. It does not count as a ball in the over, as provided by Law 17, The over saying 

20.6.1.1 it will not count in the over if the striker has not had an opportunity to play it. 

17.3.2.1 if it is called dead, or is to be considered dead, before the striker has had an opportunity to play it. See Law 20.6 (Dead ball; ball counting as one of over). 

Law 20, Dead ball provides that 

The batsman can only be Run Out in this situation if it is attempting to score by running between the creases. If no such attempt is made, the batsman is Stumped instead (Law 39.1, Out Stumped and Law 38.2.b, Batsman not Run Out).