Various people have tried to evolve this notion further in ways that correct for Nietzsche's megalomania, artistic temperament and basic mental instability. Unfortunately many of them are political activists focussed on ecology or anti-Christian religionists trying to form a morality based on a vision of nature, rather than philosophers. 

Starting from Nietzsche, taking Perspectivism as the morality, I would say there is at least one established framework that applies. 

Every science is more refined than philosophy as a whole, in that it presumes certain truths which are part of what Kuhn calls its paradigm, and below that, it assumes a group of meta-paradigmatic truths that let it better agree with other sciences -- basically, that anything useful can be approximated well enough in a certain brand of physicalism that all science can be tested with other science. 

4) We do live for evidence of our power: we are story-driven animals. Genes seek power, and we want to see that power in stories we can tell ourselves about ourselves. Again, that is not silly, it is just out of context. Look at the profusion of waste that sustains life. We will do that. All the simple mechanisms have been leveraged enough that this kind of thing is what is needed to move forward. It is actually our attempts to be efficient that are the most wasteful, not our enjoyment of our own power. (You mention building a skyscraper on a fault line -- but that happens because having it there produces efficient profit offsetting the risk. How much self-indulgence does it take to offset that level of investment? Self indulgence is implicitly limited, so I doubt it is even possible.) 

Unfortunately we cannot know, because the contents of heresies are not easily preserved with any integrity. This basic doctrine, with one level, invited endless political problems, in that it implies we are right to either worship Satan as a major part of God with an important point to make, or to attempt to worship the God against whom our God had rebelled, rather than worship the dominant God of this universe. That way lies endless repression and ultimate elimination from history. 

He expresses these as truths. And he feels urgent value from the eternal recurrence he deduces from Newtonian physics (if incorrectly, with a classical sense of math.) It is hard to see him, then as a total skeptic relative to shared facts, even facts about values. Even if, in the end he prefers an aesthetic sense of truth over some obligatory objectivity, he feels aesthetics have a certain kind of objectivity, or he would not bother to quarrel with Wagner. 

I would say the answer to the first question is a clear "yes." Not only can we view, historically, religious beliefs and rituals as precursors to early scientific beliefs and practices, we can also note that many historical figures, from the ancient Egyptian priests to Descartes, have made scientific advances that have grown out of their religious beliefs. 

This particular dialogue is an original creation myth, presumably aimed at an audience of mystical theologians, and using terms and concepts that would have been familiar to them. As always, however, Plato tweaks those terms to support his own unique vision of Ultimate Reality. As I understand this passage, the general idea is that the Eternal Essence is both everlasting and not directly perceptible --transcendent, if you will. It lasts forever and never changes. The heavens are a higher order copy of that ideal, they last forever, but they are not perfectly unchanging. Humanity is a lower order copy of the ideal, we are neither eternal nor unchanging. When we see the heavens, they are a bridge between ourselves and the imperceptibly transcendent Eternal Essence. The heavens are an image of perfection, but are not themselves perfect, because no image is perfect (every image is an imperfect copy). Where the Eternal Essence is everlasting because it is entirely outside time, and therefore never changes, the heavens are everlasting within time. They are cyclical ("revolves according to a law of number"), which is what everlasting looks like when you combine it with change. They are therefore not eternal "in its fullness," which is necessarily static. The reason for creating the heavens is so we can see what something eternal looks like, but in a form that changes like we change, so we can identify with it. That helps us understand that we too are formed in imitation of the Eternal Essence. 

It would seem that the Republic was at-least mildly important for the ancients, given that people like Zeno (founder of Stoicism) wrote book-length responses. However, I don't know how much response other dialogues by Plato had garnered, so this is not convincing evidence for me. 

Notes After translating the works, it seems that Ficino commented on several dialogues like Parmenides, Sophist, Philebus, Timaeus, Phaedrus and (only) part of the Republic (the confusing numerology from 546a-e). Although he also uses some imagery from the Republic, like the cave, it seems to be mostly coming through engaging with Plotinus and not Plato's Republic directly. 

However, during the Medieval ages, it was largely lost to Western Europe, and part of the Timaeus was the only Platonic work available before the 12th century (when the Meno and the Phaedo were translated, but not widely read). Except for this, Plato's works were unavailable to the Latindom until the Renaissance when Marsilio Ficino translated the complete works of Plato in the late 15th century (see also note [1]).