There's a few different things going on in your question. In this era, we also see the rise of the consideration of notions of sovereignty. For Hobbes, sovereignty occurs either when people contract together and agree to follow a common authority or when people bandy together for mutual protection. This sovereignty is revokable --as makes sense under a contract theory of governance. As ben rudgers suggests, one clear method of revocation is to kill the sovereign. But it's less clear whether a sovereign can allow for secession on the part of some parts of the state. (Source for this paragraph: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/hobbes-moral/) The word "morality" is used in several distinct ways in philosophical literature. One feature of this is time period of authorship. The English word "morality" is a cognate of the Latin word moralis which Cicero used to translate the Greek ethikos. Thus, on a certain level, the pair should have the same meaning. Sometimes, this does occur. Similarly, we call it professional ethics rather than professional morality. A second approach, which is Kant's, is to reject the claim that these things can come into conflict. Kant's trick is complex but we can boil it down (for the purposes of responding to your objection) to qualitatively valuing reason in free rational creatures above all else and to understanding ethics as the application of reason to questions of action. The second issue is that there's some question as to whether actions or people are the one's who receive praise/blame in Aristotle or how the two relate if both are involved (as they seem to be in his account). There's several issues that make this question complex (some of which make it more interesting and other's less so). I will define act utilitarianism and rule utilitarianism as follows: Put another way, if the task of excellence were to be running a mile in 4:00, then there's only blame if the best you can do is 6:00 and no time to listen to your excuses about why you cannot do it. The primary way in which something is wrong on a pure virtue theory approach is that it undermines the self's commitment to excellence. There's nothing in the nature of the self that is best fulfilled by being a lying scoundrel or by committing actions which will help to make oneself into that. Similarly with your bestiality example, human sexuality is not most fulfilled by having sex with animals. A few thoughts on your question. Whence "morality"? Morality also seems to take on a popular meaning as the morality of society. Thus, the link to Christian in some uses. But in all honesty, I think this is kind of boogeyman usage, where we need a whipping boy to distinguish genuinely thought through moral philosophy from common practice. But apart from that, it's generally considered a minimal standard open to a wide variety of interpretation but basically valid on some level concerning our moral conduct. First, slave-morality vs. master-morality represents the source of one's moral principles. To put it another way, this is a rewording of the Kantian idea of heteronomy vs. autonomy. Nietzsche is claiming it is wrong to be bound by the moral outlook of others.