The doomed, gloomy picture that I'm painting arises from the fact that the concept "case" stemmed from observation of properties of particular set of languages with morphological affixation, and the coherence of "case" in those languages (German, Sanskrit, Finnish, Arabic etc.) is morphological (i.e. (Classical) Arabic nouns can't be simultaneously marked nominative and accusative). Problem arise when you partial analogies between some new system and a more classical case system. 

kémóórí chééné vʊza "only the calf" 

I suggest taking the Aspects model seriously, as implemented in Burt’s red book From Deep to Surface Structure, since it is an actual set of rules in a concrete framework, even though it has a ton of problems. It at least gives you a concrete target to shoot at. There are separate rules of Passive, Dative, Agent Deletion, Tag Formation and so on. Objecting that these are all separate unrelated rules and thus mere descriptions lacking explanatory form holds linguistics to an unrealistically high standard of idealization – not even physics as managed to reduce all laws to a single statement. If you can show us an example of a “more explanatory” theory that actually has a single rule that subsumes Passive, Dative, Agent Deletion, Tag Formation into one rule, or declarative-formation and interrogative-formation in one rule, then we might be able to address your desideratum of explanation. 

I am interested in cross-linguistic variation in case assignment to single-NP elliptical answers – for example “What did they see?”; “A goat”. By “case” I mean a distinct form of a word selected to indicate grammatical role in the sentence, thus excluding use of prepositions and postpositions (so, “with an axe” is not an instrumental case form in English). German and Insular Scandinavian, Slavic (widely if not universally), Finnic, Saami, Sanskrit, Korean, Classical Arabic and (on weak phonological grounds) Quechua have case. Chinese, Lushootseed, Sundanese and Colloquial Arabic do not. I take the existence of allomorphy to be sufficient grounds for calling something “case” as opposed to being a prepositional / postpositional phrase. If there's NP-internal case agreement, even better. 

The second is determining that the thing is a word and not a suffix. The distinction is elusive or nonexistent in some grammatical frameworks. A semi-test – which arguably fails to capture the word / affix distinction – would be whether the item appears after non-nouns in case the NP has a structure like N+Adj. This is not a particularly good test, because not all affixes go on a single part of speech (like "on the noun"). A good example of that is the English possessive marker -'s, which goes at the end of the NP. This has been termed "edge inflection" in work on the topic, by Philip Miller, where there is a syntactic requirement that the constituent have a certain feature and the value travels down the right edge of that constituent. Thus in "The King of England's name", the possessive marker is realized on the last word of the NP that is the possessor, and can be indefinitely separated from the head N. 

The point is that "appears at the edge" is not a sufficient diagnostic of wordhood. We can call on certain other facts to make an ad hoc argument that 's is a suffix and not a word in English. The most compelling is the allomorphy argument, that possessive 's does not combine with plural -s, though it does combine with plurally-inflected nouns ("the children's dog"). There are other variable issue regarding realization of 's on "Jesus" (some people say "In Jesus name" rather than "In Jesus's name"). A second is the basic phonological fact that every word in English has to have at least a vowel. So the main question for examples like Persian is what the arguments are for the thing being an independent word rather than an edge-inflected affix. This page discusses what they call the Persian indefinite enclitic (a nice thing about that page is that you can click on (many) examples and hear them, and not have to be able to read Persian -- unfortunately, some of the examples are misordered); this article says "There are no dedicated definite or indefinite articles in Persian", but also calls -i an enclitic (doesn't deny its existence, rather it is a terminological matter). -i has a certain degree of allomorphic selection: variant ye after the plural suffix; it seems (Perry says) that the ezafe marker is dropped when the indefinite clitic appears on the head noun. I can't say that I've seen a linguistic article explicitly comparing the clitic vs. full word question for the Persian indefinite marker. 

Lasnik & Fiengo (1974) "Complement Object Deletion" (section 2) argue against Tough Movement, and Chomsky (1977) "On WH-Movement" p. 102 adopts the base-generated analysis and accepts the correctness of that approach without comment. L&F begin by presenting arguments against arguments against tough-deletion. For instance, an earlier argument for TM was based on the grammaticality of "Headway is easy to make on problems like these", where the noun headway – which it was assumed only exists as the object of "make headway" is raised. L&F raise an objection to the datum, and then counter with the ungrammaticality of parallel idiom-objects raisings like "*Tabs were easy to keep on Mary", "*Heed is important to pay to such warnings", which under the raising analysis should be grammatical. There is also an amusing argument based on tough movement and nominalization, centering around the assumed ungrammaticality of "John's easiness to please", which in fact is ungrammatical for some people and grammatical for others, and as a person who finds this grammatical I find the assertion that this is ungrammatical to be as incomprehensible as others find the assertion that this is grammatical.