How can I tell what I can teleport to - that is, how do I know if my teleport will be successful or if I will teleport to my current location? How are movement abilities restricted? 

For both followers and non-follower NPCs, any quest-reliant companions will continue with you on any quests in which they are relevent - initially, this includes the Templar, the Scoundrel, and the Enchantress (all for different quests). At that point in time, regardless of whether or not you are playing multiplayer, they are not actually considered "a follower" - you cannot adjust their abilities or inventory. Items Honestly, much of what your aim is as a Wizard is to not even get to the point where there are enough mobs aroud you to worry. You may want to take another look at your current weapon situation - are you using the highest-damage weapon/off-hand combination you can find? For a good six levels I was using an enormous two-handed sword, because it gave +50 Intelligence (and brought my damage up significantly). 

After they have been recruited as your follower, it will prompt you as to whether or not you wish to keep them. If not, you can hire them again in town any time you are playing alone in a game. If you are playing with multiple players, followers cannot be hired. If you have a follower when you game switches from single player to multiplayer (i.e. someone joins your game or you join someone else's game), your follower will be "un-hired" (teleported back to town, where you can re-hire them next time you are alone again). 

As time passes, these situations will get a little easier to handle (though the enemies get much harder). Skills like Teleport and Mirror Image will come in very handy for those exact cases - keep an eye out for what level you unlock them. Teleport has some very good runes, and Mirror Image allows you to break conditions (like root, stun, and snare). 

Abilities I'm currently playing a Wizard in Nightmare, and I can confirm that there is some definite squishiness present. However, this is offset by the capability to do ridiculous damage to large numbers of enemies at a time. Follower As a Wizard, you need the Templar. You need a tank. You've mentioned you're already using him, which is good. What abilities have you chosen for him? My recommendations are Heal, Loyalty, Charge, and Guardian (Guardian, in particular, is great for this situation, though obviously you don't get it until he's level 20).