Overall, Popper's approach provides a working way of distinguishing science and religion, insofar as they are trying to address the same questions. In this sense, science is better than religion, because it is flexible and is willing to admit its mistakes, while religion is dogmatic and doesn't allow for self-correction. This is almost a duplicate of How can an uneducated but rational person differentiate between science and religion? One of the most important results in philosophy of science is that every observation is "theory-laden", i.e. that the outcome of any scientific experiment is affected by the theoretical presuppositions held by the investigator. Because of this, it is very difficult - maybe impossible - to draw the boundary between science and metaphysics. W.V Quine best described it at the conclusion of his 1951 paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism": From what I see, Lakatos's hard core corresponds to a Kuhnian paradigm, and his progressive phase is just Kuhn's normal puzzle solving mode of science. A theory in the regressive phase is just the crisis phase that precedes Kuhn's revolutionary science phase. When did it do so and what result or publication marked the event? Is it really the latest? What about social studies, anthropology? are they not considered sciences (especially if psychology is)? Is psychology really a science at all? Does is make accurate testable or falsifiable predictions? I find the argument compelling, even if I don't agree with it (In fact his book has me doubting my own atheism and pondering deism). Note that the issue of reality and its existence or not outside of the mind has been discussed for a long time, and is independent of physics theories - quantum mechanics just added fuel to the debate. For references on these questions as they relate specifically to quantum mechanics and idealism/materialism, see here and here. If we are to agree with this result, that any observation is theory laden, doesn't it follow that any observation is also value-laden as well? You might want to clarify your question a bit: On one hand you imply by the statement "since in ancient and mediaeval periods science and philosophy weren't clearly distinguished as disciplines" that by modern period, you mean starting with the Enlightenment. But on the other hand, you specifically call out philosophy of science, which only appeared in the 20th century. So it is not clear what you mean by modern period. He starts from an empiricist point of view. For an empiricist, when we speak of an apple, the only thing we can really speak of is our observations of the apple. I can say anything of the apple other than that it is red, round, tastes sweet. These are all sense data, that is impressions in our mind and not direct properties of the apple itself. This is the position of all empiricists. But I am struggling with how it can extend to any observation. This is not to say that Greek, Egyptian, Nordic mythology are on the same footing as modern science, Quine is clear in that. Quine wasn't a mystically inclined person trying to bring mythology back to the same level as science. On the contrary he was a materialist, mathematically inclined logician. Modern science produces far better results than mythology in terms of being able to predict reality accurately, and one would be stupid to rely on mythology (or astrology, or faith healing, etc....) instead of the latest scientific theories in predicting reality. But that improvement in accuracy is the only difference, we have no other way of separating science from mythology. Quine's point is that we cannot separate theories into science and non-science, only into good science and bad science.