Name tags outside creative mode can be found in treasure chests, or as rare loot when fishing (not actually so rare if using "luck of the sea" enchanted fishing rod). Fill the dropper with as many items as many days you want the signal to take. Each morning the dropper will discard one item, for a max of 576 in-game days. If that's not enough, you can restock the dropper with a chain of hoppers and a double chests, and only when all the items are exhausted the signal will be produced. You buried your farm under the sand. It can't spawn golems because the doors don't "see" any sky on the outside of the farm. You'll need to dig a trench around the farm (at least in front of the doors, the corners may remain filled) so that the doors have a little sky on the "outside". Next I pick out a few creepers and float them to right side hole. Then I go level below, open the door and stand at the end of the corridor. Once the creepers are dead, I close the door, open the small fence gate and collect the records - then go to bring more creepers. (still, enchanting normal materials equipment with cheap - lvl1-5 enchantments is cheap enough that it might be worthwhile.) With regard to mob spawning, a 17 chunk by 17 chunk area centered around the player will have a passive mob cap of 11, meaning that if there are 11 or more passive mobs (i.e. animals) in that area, no new passive mobs will spawn. Villagers do appear under the passive mob list, but they have very different spawning behavior than animals do (i.e. they will not randomly spawn, and can only be created either at world generation, through villager breeding, or by curing zombie villagers). Other mobs that can be used for defense are Snow Golems (as long as you're not in a melty desert), Tamed Wolves (if you are involved in the mob attack as either a defender or a victim), and Tamed Ocelots (which scare off Creepers with their mere presence). Therefore, if you haven't traded the last offer to the point of deactivation and the villager hasn't yet shown you all of their trade offers, there is still a chance for them to generate more. A list of the possible trade offers by profession can be found here. If you add them all up, you get the following for the maximum number of different trade offers a given villager type can possibly make as of version 1.6.4: Well, Creepers can blow up stone and cobblestone, both of which have blast resistances of 30. Since a spawner has a lower blast resistance of 25, it can certainly get taken out by a nearby Creeper blast. So no, you cannot get water into the Nether using ice blocks. There is another block that does this, though! It's called an Energy Link, courtesy of the Power Converters mod, and it's a bit expensive. I discovered my base is in an area with very low background magic, which is unfortunate. (Note that if you're playing Tekkit Lite, this block does not exist. However, you have access to several engines that can indirectly be powered by sunlight. Namely, the 4 different Electric Engines that run off EU – effectively replacing the one from Forestry – and the Blulectric Engine from RedPower that runs off blutricity.) It's not possible for snow to exist on slabs/half steps. A slab is only ½ blocks high, but as far as the game is concerned, it inhabits an entire block. The same goes for the snow layer, which is also a block — except other blocks you place can go through and replace the snow layer block. So snow on a slab would have to float half a block above ground. It used to be possible to get water into the Nether with this, but as of Minecraft 1.3.1, ice blocks in the Nether simply disappear when they're broken (or when they melt from a light source).