Also, in the parable of the Rich Man and Lazarus (Lk 16:19–31), the deceased are shown awake and concerned about things on Earth: The Encyclopedia starts by explaining the situation regarding Liturgical books (that is to say, for Holy Mass and the Liturgy of the Hours) through the Low Middle Ages. Since both parchment and manpower was expensive, liturgical books usually ommitted the rubricated directions for priests and only recorded the words for reciting, and were also split into smaller volumes, easier to copy. Here we see the connection between your term Liber Ordinarius and the Sarum Ordinal (which was not limited to Sarum, and was produced by other dioceses), which eventually evolved into "our own modern" (that is, pre-Vatican II, because by "modern" we mean "1913") Ordo recitandi. That being said, attending Mass on Sunday is also an obligation: Do I remember correctly that it may contain only incipits of the to be used texts/chants? If so, are there ones that contain the full texts/chants? Not libri ordinarii, although there were other books, like the Ordo missae, legendaria, which together were able to specify the entirety of the Liturgy in those times. It's important to remember that this is pre-printing press, so these books were extremely expensive to produce; therefore a single, "all in one" version of the books was prohibitively expensive. This eventually changed from the 15th Century on, though. We proceed thus to the First Article:—Objection 1. It seems that the existence of God is self-evident. Now those things are said to be self-evident to us the knowledge of which is naturally implanted in us, as we can see in regard to first principles. But as Damascene says (De Fid. Orth. i. 1, 3), the knowledge of God is naturally implanted in all. Therefore the existence of God is self-evident. According to reformed theology, salvation is an individual thing. Denomination makes no difference. Again assuming the MacAurthur definition of "Christian", the most you can say is "due to the fact that the Church teaches erroneous statements about what it takes to be saved, it's less likely for a Catholic to be saved." One last thing before the actual question, I really am interested in how this is handled in other denominations, but I don't want to turn this into a "list" question. And I don't want to re-post the same question over and over naming different denominations in each. So I'm going to focus on one Church with a central authority and a well-defined structure that interests me, and ask about them. A general answer is that the children are usually age 7 or 8. Some churches say at least second grade. Some churches say after one year of formal religious education. And I found one website that said they had no requirements as it is about God's grace and they were no longer going to base receiving First Communion on merit! So, when you are looking to find out the right First Communion age for your child, contact your specific church for their requirements. Paraphrasing, God saved her pre-emptively, preventing (or perhaps keeping/preserving) her from sinning in the first place, something no human could do without God's protective saving power. In other words, in Catholic doctrine, she was sinless, but only through the Grace of God. Without the Grace of God and His keeping power, she could not have remained sinless. The closest answer I could find was this article from holyfirstcommunion.com . He does an excellent job of defining what self-evidence is, and therefore showing how the existence of God meets (or doesn't meet) those definitions. Reply Obj. 3. The existence of truth in general is self-evident but the existence of a Primal Truth is not self-evident to us. He said that would include "prayer throughout the day and the liturgy of the hours, morning prayer, evening prayer, Mass every day." 45 And also in that he perceived that there was great favour laid up for those that died godly, it was an holy and good thought. Whereupon he made a reconciliation for the dead, that they might be delivered from sin. Here we see the connection between your term Liber Ordinarius and the Sarum Ordinal (which was not limited to Sarum, and was produced by other dioceses), which eventually evolved into "our own modern" (that is, pre-Vatican II, because by "modern" we mean "1913") Ordo recitandi. Also, in the parable of the Rich Man and Lazarus (Lk 16:19–31), the deceased are shown awake and concerned about things on Earth: If so, are there ones that contain the full texts/chants? The Encyclopedia starts by explaining the situation regarding Liturgical books (that is to say, for Holy Mass and the Liturgy of the Hours) through the Low Middle Ages. Since both parchment and manpower was expensive, liturgical books usually ommitted the rubricated directions for priests and only recorded the words for reciting, and were also split into smaller volumes, easier to copy.