Concretely, in absolutist ancien régime France, all justice proceeded from the king. Judges and tribunals were regarded as justice déléguée but the king retained the right to judge any matter himself (justice retenue). Historically, preexisting courts (because absolutism was only established and theorised quite late) were brought into this system after the fact and justice rendered by local aristocrats was considered to be justice concédée (i.e. ultimately legitimised by the king). One instrument of this justice retenue, the lettre de cachet was especially controversial. They were used (among many other uses) to imprison mad people or prostitutes without any basis in written law or sometimes to have people detained at the behest of their family. In this case, crime and punishment were just a matter of tradition and convenience, the king could in principle simply ignore them and if he does nothing, they are not illegal per se. The last time someone was sentenced for insulting the president in France was in 2008. That person held a sign reading “Get lost, you bloody idiot” (a phrase the president uttered himself a few months earlier) during an official visit in his town. France was condemned by the European Court of Human Rights for this and ultimately removed this provision from the law. Finally, there is also a law against “offenses [outrage] against the national hymn or the tricolor flag”, which has been compared to a kind of “secular blasphemy” by critics. Unlike many such laws in other countries, this one was enacted very recently (2003) following some controversies about the attitude of crowds when the national hymn was played at the beginning of football matches. It's not part of the aforementioned “law on the freedom of the press” and only applies to some public events (i.e. it does not prevent you from making fun of the flag or hymn in a cartoon or a song). Since you are asking if any country generally considered to be democratic restricts offensive speech, I will offer France as an example. French law punishes personal offenses, offenses against public figures and some institutions and offenses against certain groups but does not protect religious symbols as such. Specifically, article 29 of the law on the freedom of the press provides that: It's a loss to every single one of millions of people forced to shell $50 to auto mechanic industry for no benefit to themselves since they drive non-"clunkers and risky cars". Also, for most normal people, inspection also takes a fair bit of time - so add up another $50-$500 economic impact from time expenditure on passing the inspection depending on how much an hour or 2 of your time costs. N.J.S.A. 18A:35-7 requires every pupil, except kindergarten pupils, attending public schools to take such courses. However, the core standards establish requirements for students in grades K-12. (src: http://www.state.nj.us/education/genfo/faq/faq_chpe.htm) If the base is on a foreign territory, the rules are a union of: The main current purpose those laws serve is to placate a vast majority of the citizenry who object to polygamy (to the point of, about 100+ years ago, trying to physically destroy Mormons). However, even if it's possible to identify a voter from a ballot in such locales, publically disclosing that information is illegal: E.g. all you need to have is some registered voter's name, easily obtainable via social engineering (find a person's contact info, contact them as if doing a poll, ask if they are registered to vote, ask if they are planning to vote. Things that legit polling firms ask). As a side note, in Saudi Arabia the Quran is cited by Basic Law as the supreme source of law. But that doesn't quite apply as it is not a country that anyone would describe as "democratic". There are fairly strong political movements in modern Israel which push for a constitution. Talking *&it about your political opponents is as old as American democracy itself. Or, at least, as old as having 2 competing parties - see the infamous first 2 party elections of 1800: