Consider the principles behind the Agile Manifesto and the Scrum Values. If your team claims to be agile, they should be adhering to the principles behind the Agile Manifesto in whatever implementation works best for them. If your team is claiming to be following Scrum, they should be following the Scrum Guide and the Scrum Values regardless of their implementation of each of the activities. If your team is not following these principles, you can work to guide your team to them, but the team needs to figure out what their method of following these principles works best for them. You can share your thoughts, but not impose your will on the team. 

There are a number of posts about the Scrum Master position on the Mountain Goat Software blog, if you want to read more about the role itself. 

He could also be involved in measuring product quality through the use of appropriate measurements and metrics. These would include cyclomatic complexity, test coverage, Halstead complexity, defects, lines of code, and so on. He could then report on these for each iteration, identifying modules that are high in complexity (indicating that a possible refactoring is in order), have low test coverage (indicating that perhaps more unit or integration tests are needed), and defect density. Since he has some experience with writing code as well, he would be able to look at the code base, understand it, and be able to comment on its health in a manner appropriate for both technical and non-technical audiences, even if he isn't actively developing. 

There are a lot of reasons for an unfinished story. Perhaps it was poor estimation, and more work was needed than the team thought at the beginning. Perhaps it was too large and should have been broken up into smaller stories. Perhaps a team member had to take an emergency leave, leaving the team with fewer contributing members for a day or two. It does happen from time to time, so you should be tracking why it's happening and taking corrective action if you can. That's something to discuss at your retrospective meetings and postmortems.