But to compensate for this fact, the game looks at the range of what's in your cross-hairs and automatically adjusts your shot up "some". At long range this automatic adjustment tends to under-correct, sending your shot low! That's 2 smithing perks, and 7 light armor perks. With 100 skill in light armor and smithing, you'll be level 26 and easily able to afford these perks. If you use a Weapon spell, you can't recast while the weapon is out. Sheath it to cancel the spell, allowing the next cast. That is, press 4,4,3 to get the first spell in the right hand and the second spell in the left hand. To make a good armor selection decision, there is much to consider: Can you skip the 2 smithing perks? Possibly. You'll need to compensate by raising smithing skill (much) higher, but if you're already choosing enchanting perks and/or alchemy perks for other reasons... The survival issue is simple - don't dual wield. Add a shield and you will live. Blocking is a huge damage reduction, but even when you don't block the shield adds armor! Equipping spells via hotkey assignment Then I headed off to the enchanting station for one last test. I enchanted with fortify armorer and saw no change to armor rating after the enchant. I recommend skipping the arcane blacksmith perk if you are planning to wear only your own crafted armor. Just upgrade before enchanting. (Ignore what the enchanting table tells you about armor rating, it's wrong.) A good player can see the three paths (caster, light, heavy), see how the perks lead into those paths, and discern the tradeoffs when straying from those paths. It's fun to leave the obvious paths, but it's not fun to feel ineffective. Stamina isn't a big deal if you spend a handful of level ups on it and get the Restoration(40) perk - Respite (Healing spells also restore stamina). Two ways to find dragon shouts are to use your current dragon shouts in a town until a courier will come along giving you a letter which will lead you to another word wall, keep in mind, you can only have one letter at a time, you need to find the current word wall before a courier will deliver a new note. (They shouldn't be able to kill each other, so maybe letting them fight it out will cause them to reset when one of them kneels down and yields.) You can use a Calm spell on them to stop them fighting. If you don't have Calm (or a staff or scroll or weapon enchanted with calm) you're going to have to fast travel (if you can) to somewhere else, or enter a building etc. Anything to make you go through a loading screen. When you come out on the other side, your two companions should be pals again. There shouldn't be an armour cap for items, but there is a cap on the amount of damage you can mitigate (80%) this comes at 567 displayed armour rating. My guess is a bug or you're doing something wrong. The two paths essentially merge in Riverwood, when family members of either side will suggest that you take news of Helgen to Jarl Balgruuf the Greater in Whiterun. Fast Travel is disabled from that location. Also, if you look at the map, you're really not anywhere on the map. Moving the map around, your location will seem to shift almost as if the marker is actually at a different height than the land where it seems to be located. All house enhancements must be purchased from the Jarl's steward in the same hold, who can usually be found in the Jarl's palace. All of the other answers seem to have the basics down, but don't really cover the whole story. Here's what needs to be done: After following either path above, eventually you should have a random courier approach you. http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Skyrim:Innocence_Lost http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Skyrim:With_Friends_Like_These... At some inns, you may hear rumors of a kid in Windhelm who's been trying to contact the Dark Brotherhood. Alternatively, you can talk to any of the kids in the orphanage in Riften and they will tell you about their friend who ran away to Windhelm. Perhaps one other "appropriate" way to start this quest would be to just break into the Aretino (as if you were just going to do a random burglary) residence in Windhelm and talk to Aventus there. All that having been said, there's several other factions you can join freely. Joining any of these will not preclude you from joining the others. They also do not affect, nor will they be affected by, your choice regarding the war.