(obviously, the President can have influence on the budgetary process, being the head of his own party, but legally speaking, he does not change the debt). It would take a book (and did :) to list the reasons for the lost decade, but on a fundamental level, a large (not the only) part of the problem is the demographic bomb - Japan just didn't make enough children to produce in the economy as older workers retired and lived longer. Because of that, they could not achieve the economic growth needed to plug the deficit. Additional reasons are high savings rate (people kept buying government bond to save), middle-of-the-way monetary policy (which IIRC precipitated the infamous "Helicopter" Ben Bernanke speech giving him his nickname), and consequences of 1980s asset bubble. A clear example is Nigeria, where US vetoed a sale of Cobra attack helicopters to fight Boco Haram in 2015... Only to be followed by efforts to sell 12 A-28 Super Tucano attack aircraft for the same exact purposes by a US company in 2016. First of all, you're under the misconception that math requires tons of funding. It may be true for modern physics; but most branches of pure math require a trivially insignificant amount of money (basically, a living stipend for a couple hundred mathematicians who are great enough that you don't want to waste their time on teaching-for-a-living; some office supplies; and if you're really forward thinking, a larger one-time outlay for a fund whose interest pays for prestige prizes ala Fields Prize). Intercept - 2016/09 - "U.S. and EU Sanctions Are Punishing Ordinary Syrians and Crippling Aid Work, U.N. Report Reveals" Second, the best remedy is to increase the % of outstanding shares owned by CEO. That the math for married-filing-separately is identical to married-filing-jointly. If a LOT of fatcats file separately, we should really include the additional taxes on income between $194,170 and $388,350 for them. But those extra taxes would amount to - at most - extra $2.5B, not really moving the needle more than 0.3% of deficit, in the extreme case that every single one of them is married AND every single one of them files separately. Medium's article about Friedman's support of UBI with several quotes supposedly by Friedman himself (I don't trust Medium as a source, so check the validity of those quotes yourself) For a business with $3mm income, it slashes the income 10.1%. For a business with $30mm income, it slashes the income 1.1%. For a business with $300mm income, it slashes the income by 0.2%. For Amazon.com (Net Income in 2010 $1,152,000,000) it would be 0.01%. Even so, some countries - or entities in them - have incentives to be on board officially but circumvent under the table. To address specifically "why some countries and not the others", please note the predictable patterns - the countries with such laws all have very strong Abrahamic based religion, either socially dominant or even legally enshrined - pre-1950s USA, many other Christian countries in history, modern day Ireland, Sharia-based Muslim countries like Saudi Arabia; and Haredim-dominated parts of State of Israel (e.g. Jerusalem has total blue laws, whereas more secular Tel Aviv does not). Poland fits into Ireland model of societally strong Christian (Roman Catholic) influence, which is why those laws as an idea arose, as discussed in an earlier answer. Short version: sanctions can sometimes serve their purpose, BUT, more often than not: In general (as a superset of #3), to force Israel into policy decisions beneficial to USA - which again offer indirect US economic benefits in many cases.