It struck me as a bit odd. / ?I was struck by this as a bit odd. / ? I was struck by this as a bit funny. She saw them as human. / They were seen (by her) as human. The police identified them as gang members. / They were identified by the police as gang members. They identified themselves as heterosexual. / *They were identified (by themselves) as heterosexual. As you can see in the difference between 10 and 9. The AS construction can accept a more explicit agent-patient schema when dealing with a noun but the passive version somehow makes the schema too explicit with a property unless the verb itself suppresses the schema (as 'view' did in 4.) For readings at this stage, I would go to the classics: It would appear, the 'as something' only works when there is no force schema implied by the 'agent patient' relationship. For example, you have no problem with the passive equivalent as you can see in 3 and 4. Issue 1: The question assumes that passivization is actually a process that exists in language. It's carried over from the transformational heyday and feels so normal we might not even question it. But this is the context in which it should be questioned. In the constructional paradigm, this question does not come up because both passive and active as separate (if related) constructions, so you would not look at how one transforms the other. Instead, you would look at how each of these constructions could express similar meaning. And as several people pointed out that is very much possible. It might also be useful to distinguish linguistics from philology - the latter dealing with a description of specific languages and from pedagogic or prescriptive grammar. The reading I might recommend at this stage is Stephen Pinker's Language Instinct (although I completely disagree with his conclusions, it is a good initial overview). This also reminded me that Jan Firbas' Functional Sentence Perspective in Written and Spoken Communication would make for a great introduction to information structure. In fact, you could argue that "Sit!" expresses a more complete idea than something like "a man walks" which rarely occur on their own. Issue 3: Before you can deal with 2, you have to leave the realm of generalized syntax and focus on constructional semantics (Note: This is similar to the argument by Sportliche 1990 mentioned by Alex B. but without postulating new entities). What you will find with construction grammar is that many of the problems that the generativist frameworks deal with simply disappear as syntax and semantics are brought closer together. I think Langacker is the best author in this respect. So, as you can see, the question does not even make sense in English, let alone in a comparative perspective. For the lay person, I'd start with James McCawley's "To ask a professional linguist how many languages they speak is just like asking a doctor how many diseases they have." This pointing to the dual meaning of the word 'linguist' in English but also to the fact that theoretical linguistics is concerned with general principles common to all languages. I agree with Greg Lee that McCawley is the place to go for the canonical generative treatment of English syntax and that GPSG is the generative counterpart to that. However, things have moved on since then. I would further recommend looking into Unification Grammars (which is very much at the heart of minimalism under a different name) and Construction Grammars.