The main reason for a common currency was to remove the business risk which came from currency fluctuations. However, for all of these people, the consumer is the one who suffers the least. When the strike doesn't end, it destroys the existence of both the workers and the company. The consumers, however, only suffer when the company has a monopoly on their goods. Otherwise they can just buy from another company. It might be more expensive or they might like the products less, but this is usually rather an inconvenience than a threat to their existence. So the cost of a strike is more than just the sum of hours of productivity lost. This usually works. When a companies workforce goes on strike, the consumers usually tend to sympathise more with the workers than with the company. Common regulations to prevent such monopolies are: You might remember the TTIP agreement which was designed with a lot of influence by industry lobbyists. The citizen lobbyists were not invited and reacted by rallying the European public against it. VOG's are not tied to companies - volunteer organizations are advised to use them as well, especially when working with vulnerable groups (youth, elderly, handicapped). The Greek economy can be compared to its neighbors, such as the Balkan states and Turkey. The new minimum wage is in line with those countries, as well as the economic performance of Greece itself. The chief goal is to combat unemployment; minimum wages cause unemployment by forbidding jobs that do not pay enough. The idea that employers would just pay more if the minimum wage is higher ignores the reality of globalization. Importantly for Greece, tourism can offer many jobs, but Greece is in direct competition with other Mediterranean states. A lower minimum wage directly helps tourism to be competitive, and can quickly create new jobs. Of course, much more is needed for Greece to recover. New companies are needed in large numbers, and Greece still has a very bad reputation in that area. It must become far easier to start a new company (in 21st century, the time neede should be measured in hours). Strikes are still far too common, so Greek companies are seen as unreliable suppliers. And the government is still rather big in comparison to the total size of the economy. (Compare this to a closely related industry, flowers. Like grain, it's growing plants, also clearly profitable, but virtually without subsidies. ) In the Netherlands, employers can ask for a Certificate of Conduct (Verklaring Omtrent Gedrag, VOG). The department of justice will, given the role the person is applying for, determine if there is any objection to be found in the criminal record of the person applying. If that person has no criminal record, the VOG is always granted. If there is a criminal record, but the facts are considered irrelevant to the job, the VOG is still granted. 

The Greek debt crisis included a budget crisis. The debt wouldn't have been a problem if the budget was sufficiently in the black to pay interests and repay principals in time. Resolving the budget crisis meant both cutting spending and raising taxes. But as the Netherlands moved to a services economy (still not very industrialized), they became a net contributor to the EU. The Dutch Christian Democrats all but disappeared, and support for CAP income support disappeared entirely: "[R]esponding better to global climate and food security challenges, increasing the effectiveness of existing greening measures, simplifying current CAP rules and focusing on SMEs, will be at the core of the [2016] Dutch EU presidency" 

Notably, in areas where "race to the bottom" approaches aren't available, such as in regulated industries like law firms, licensed real estate companies, companies with liquor licenses, and companies that participate in state regulated marijuana sales, state distaste for disclosure of beneficial ownership disappears and states routinely require full disclosure of an entity's owners (and sometimes their debt investors as well) in publicly available filings. This has given rise to what is known as the "race to the bottom" in which states fall over themselves to have organizational statutes that are friendly to the whims of would be incorporators. And, one thing that would be incorporators often like is a lack of public disclosure of who owns the business. This premise is false. Social classes absolutely exist even where there is no private ownership of productive resources. Here are some counterexamples: The New York Times mentions this quote in a November 21, 2016 story about "White Nationalism". The original interview is available in audio form here. 

(2) Social classes exist in military in which all productive resources are owned by the government. Indeed, class hierarchy distinctions are a defining feature of military organizations. 

Labor is not a fungible good Let's say a company hired the 1000 cheapest laborers on the market. Today, they decide to go on strike. Can the companies CEO just snap their finger and have the next cheapest 1000 laborers continue working as if nothing happened? 

When you have a 100% unregulated market, then monopolies can occur under certain conditions. That's usually the case when you have a fungible product which also gets cheaper to produce the more you produce of it. When the product is fungible, companies can only compete by price, which means small competitors have no way to compete with larger ones, which means only the largest competitor can prevail. 

It is unconstitutional to make a law which is explicitly against a specific entity ("Citibank must not operate in our state") but they could make a more general law which applies to all entities which fulfill certain criteria ("Banks with an international business volume of more than X and any of their subsidiaries must not operate in our state"). An actual law would of course need to be a lot more complex to close any of the bookkeeping loopholes big banks would find and exploit immediately, but you get the idea.