The beauty and simplicity of the bicycle wheel is that while our manufacturing tolerances are not up to that standard, the design of a spoked wheel allow you to offset the tolerances in one area with spoke tension. If a rim is not perfectly true and round, more or less spoke tension can be used to pull it true and round. 

A break in "tune up" is normal and expected on a new wheel, after about 1 months riding, but it can come much faster for a heavy rider. If the wheel is ridden loose, the fatigue damage to the spokes can be permanent, and require rebuilding the wheels again. 

The difference in weight is there, but hasn't really been significant for the last few years. Scott, for instance, is building a complete, disc brake hardtail with a 4" travel fork. Bike weight: 7.45 Kg, or roughly 16 lbs. That's 2 lbs less than my road bike. 

Yes, you can order replacement parts from an LBS who is, or has access to a Shimano distributor. 

I can't find a current reference or photo, but we used to have one at my previous shop. If I remember correctly it was manufactured by J.A. Stein, but that may be wrong. It was a professionally made copy of a popular homemade wheel building tool. 

The standard for what "true" means varies by mechanic and the intended use of the wheel. 

This can also be the result of poor maintenance practices. A basic wheel should be trued and tensioned properly again after the first 100-200 miles of riding, and may need to be retensioned regularly to stay strong (at much longer intervals, like say every 6 months when ridden regularly). This interval will vary depending on rider weight, riding style, and skill. If this is not done, it allows the poorly supported rim (because the spokes are loose) to flex and bend as you ride, and even if you later tension the wheel again, it will not be as good as it was new. 

Be friendly about it, and a good shop will likely fix it, if possible, without charging you. At the very least, you will get an idea of what kind of shop they are, and a real idea of it is repairable or needs to be replaced. 

Since not every spoke will compress exactly the same amount, it makes some spokes looser than others. 

If you break one spoke, and replace it, and the problem goes away, then you're fine. Breaking 2 or 3, or more, spokes on a wheel in a reasonably short period of time, especially if it is without apparent cause, like hitting something, is usually an indication that the wheel is permanently damaged and needs to be rebuilt or replaced. 

The one we had worked well, and required minimal setup, although it took up space. I haven't seen one in any shop since, and I can't find a current reference, so it may be off the market. 

There is unlikely to be any problem with her setup, it's just different than yours. 

They will also break if there is damage to the wheel in some fashion. Meaning if you hit a speedbump at reasonably high speeds, and the rim gets out of true, even if you true and tension it again, it may need more attention for the rest of its useful life. 

(6) Finish your beer and get another. 

Page five lists 700C as french marking for 28". Be sure to read their preceding discussion, where they explain that correspondences are somewhat arbitrary and it is not impossible for 28" tyres to not fit perfectly on your rims (your dealer was probably correct). 

(3)Tighten your brakes excessively. That is, unscrew this so that the wheel barely turns and rubs most of the time: 

(2) Check if there are any very loose or very tight spokes. Your wheel is already out of true, it won't hurt to correct problems. Overtightened spokes may break, while loose ones might rattle when they become even more loose. 

(1) Turn the bike upside down. 

(0) This answer concerns only the in-frame method, that is, when you have V-brakes. Why would you true a wheel on which the rim is not rubbing against any pads? 

(4) Turn the tire and find the place where it rubs the most. Identify which side it rubs and correct it as others have noted. 

The clearance is only 1/2 the difference so a change of about 2 cm. But 2 cm is enough to notice. Not just clearance you change geometry. But that may be a good thing for your supertanker. 

There is a down side to not fixing the wheel if it is bent enough to rub the brake. 

A tire with more displacement has more resistance. That resistance is more more heat. There is conservation of energy. 

I suggest you take tube as deciding factor off the table. 

On a skate board you want a wide contact patch. On a skate board you absolutely don't want the wheel to tilt. The idea is to keep the width but reduce contact area. The reduced contact patch has lower rolling resistance. Within the virtual flat contact surface are circular surfaces that will shed debris (small rocks). They can also can go with softer material so you give back on rolling resistance but get softer ride and more grip. They are not taking over the skate board market but they have a niche and it may grow to dominate. It is more than just a fad with no real value. And some people will buy it because it looks cool.