They were not sure what would happen until the last moment. They often were told that they would be resettled or evacuated. In many cases the "shower" indeed meant just "shower". 

There are multiple stories where one KV-2 could stop advance of whole German units for days until the tank had all their ammo spent. At one instance the Germans managed to destroy the tank only by putting an explosive under it at night when the crew was sleeping. 

The already anti-Semitic population that in most cases was willing to kill the Jews even despite the resistance of the state, was intentionally further indoctrinated against Jews and any remaining restrains lifted. 

To restrict movement of each group to their native homeland. Thus the steppe nomadic peoples would be put in steppe reservations, the mountaineers restricted to their home mountains etc. Only Germans would be allowed the right for free movement. 

The view of Beevor as a propagandist rather than a historian is based on the following points: 

Take also into account the known fact that at the time of the siege of Minsk Germany dropped paratroopers to the east of the city who drove the fleeing population back to Minsk. I wonder whether it was done intentionally so to make the Minsk Jews impossible to escape? Note that Minsk had about the highest percentage of Jewish population in the world. 

Contrary to what other answerers wrote, the actual situation was much stricter to Germany than after WWI. 

This question is because in one of the war-time German films one character hypotizes that Munich can be captured in no more than three days. 

Another circumstance is that there was a large number of ostarbeiters (forced workers), people freed from POW and concentration camps, pro-Germany East battalions composed of citizens of the USSR who collaborated with the Nazis, including Asians, Cossacks, Russian Vlasovites etc (which all had no discipline at the time), non-Russian Slavs such as Poles and other people whom the women could mistake for Russians. As such, any claim that a woman was raped by "a Russian" does not necessarily hint that she was raped by a soldier rather than, say a KZ escapee or anybody else. 

Neither the methods, nor the data used in this calculation were ever published by Reichsling. It is thus impossible to verify the data because Reichsling is dead. Yet Beevor references him. 

To give expressly different rights in small and in large things to different groups, even closely related so to create envy, hubris and competition for Germans' favor. 

In total there were 32 cases of kids born whose father was Russian. Sander and Johr assume that all children born to Russian fathers were a result of rape, excluding the possibility of voluntary relationships (how a German Aryan woman can voluntarily engage with those subhumans?). 

Formally Germans claimed that they treated Jewish POWs according the Geneva convention but in reality the conditions differed a lot. On the other hand, on the Eastern front about 60% of all POWs died in camps. 

In general it seems the Reich would consider it their natural right to genocide any nationalities when the area is needed for Germans. 

It is known that the US tried to justify their atomic bombing of Japanese cities by claiming they were aimed at military targets such as a plant and a bridge. Yet the bombs destroyed much more than just a plant and a bridge - virtually, the whole cities. The human life loss much exceeded the numbers of the plant's personnel. 

The Great Soviet Encyclopedia (1971) changes the tone: 

I heard that unlike the surrender ceremonies in the Eastern front, those on the western front were arranged to be solemn, festive and pompous, especially when the cities were conceded without fighting. 

The second part of the Beevor's claim, that each 1 in 10 raped women died "mostly of suicide" as well as "2 million raped German women" Sander and Johr attribute to Gerhard Reichsling. Being named a "doctor" the reader may think that he was an employee of a mentioned clinic. This is not true, he was just a statistician. Sander and Johr say that he made the calulation for them privately. 

Initially it was not evident that Germany would lose war against the USSR. Note that Germany planned to defeat the USSR in 2 weeks and the British government was not optimistic about the fate of the USSR.