In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples. It modifies the subject, I. This can be made more visible by reversing the word order, which results in a somewhat artificial but transparent sentence with identical meaning: 

One could add a preposition in your first example: 

Neuter relative pronoun / conjunction-complementizer / neuter demonstrative pronoun: In Greek, there are many ways to form indefinite pronouns. One can add a form of the interrogative pronoun tis to the relative pronoun hos, but there are other ways. The indefinite clause is normally in the subjunctive mood. An example from Xenophon, Memorabilia 2.3, 6: % Dicit, quod fecisti templum. — "He says, that you have made the temple." (only in Mediaeval Latin, possibly Vulgar Latin) 

Mihi placet, quod fecisti. — "Me pleases [the fact], that you have made/done [it]." 

It exists in Greek and Latin, and probably in most other Indo-European languages—at least in the ones I know: Dutch, French, German, Italian. But this elliptic clause is still quite different from the participial construction in your examples; notice how the ellipsis is not possible with because. In order to create an indefinite relative pronoun in Latin, one uses an extended form of the interrogative pronoun, doubling it, so quidquid instead of quid "what"; or one adds -cumque to the relative pronoun, so quodcumque instead of quod "(that) which". The indicative mood is used. As I understand it, the raising is from *we want that he buys groceries to we want him to buy groceries, and the "high" level is the main clause; the content of a fictional subordinate that clause is raised to the level of the main clause, in the form of an object plus an infinitive (in this case). After all, sub-ordination means "ordering below". Erravisti, quod fecisti. — "You have erred [with respect to the fact], that you have done [it]." (i.e. you have made a mistake with respect to doing this) Indefinite relative clauses seem to be intimately connected with a concessive ("although") connotation in many languages. 

Your construction is the same as in these sentences: 

An different but interesting development in French is that of the word quoique, "what which", similar to Latin quidquid. It can mean "whatever"; but it has also developed a meaning "however", and even "although", as a full conjunction. That is, there is no longer a "what" to fulfil the function of a subject or object in the subordinate clause. La Harpe to Voltaire (s.xviii): The reason is no doubt that, as in many other languages, the complementizer/conjunction introducing indirect speech comes from a neuter relative pronoun. The archaic/hypothetical construction was "I tell you that, that happened..." (meaning "I tell you that, which happened"), or "I tell you, what happened...". This neuter relative pronoun later acquired the characteristics of a conjunction, and the (hypothetical/potential) antecedent disappeared.