The Pope concludes by mandating that teachers of the Catholic faith not present such statements (e.g. that Adam was not a real person, but represents a number of early humans) as fact. 

(Ephesians 5:12, King James Version) 

No, there are not—at least not for contraceptive purposes. On the other hand, karma appears to be automatic and objective, a particular understanding of how one's behavior influences one's future state. Not only do good actions produce good results, but bad actions produce bad. But although good actions will result in further actual graces, there is no statement that bad actions will result not only in a deprivation of grace by God in this life, but even of a specific obstacle to grace. Therefore there is a difference between actual grace and karma. Catholics recognize two broad classes of sin: mortal sin (also known as serious sin), and venial sin. The distinction between the two is that although both are "disobedience, a revolt against God" (Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraph 1850), mortal sin is of such seriousness that it destroys charity in the heart and requires a new outpouring of God's grace to the sinner (paragraph 1855 of the Catechism), whereas venial sin "merely" wounds charity, but does not turn the sinner away from God entirely. The 1983 code, however, abolished this rule along with the rest of the 1917 code of canon law and associated rules: 

The woman has committed a very grave evil, in that she is complicit in the death of an innocent human being. How much of that evil can be "imputed" to her, that is, treated as "her fault", may vary according to circumstances. 

The English translation I learned probably dates back to the 19th century or before. Its use of "of" to mean "by" was customary in early modern English through at least the 18th century: Objection 2: Furthermore, karma and actual graces both influence the state of an individual after death. For karma, we are told, can influence how an individual is reborn; and grace certainly influences their judgment to heaven or hell. Therefore, etc. 

There is currently no requirement in the Catholic Church that women or girls wear a veil. This has technically only been the case since 1983, when the current code of canon law was promulgated. The Dutch Revolt appears to have killed between 50,000 and 100,000 people. 

any universal or particular penal laws whatsoever issued by the Apostolic See unless they are contained in this Code; These numbers total well under 5 million. While this amount is lamentable, it is nowhere near the fifty million cited. 

Note here that for example the New American Bible Revised Edition translates this verse 

The mere fact that red can or could be used to indicate other things does not mean that it is in fact used to mean those things in the Catholic Church, and certainly not that the use of red is thereby any less appropriate. 

Canon 1398 of the Code of Canon Law states: 

(John 15:16, New International Version) and interprets this (as the Church appears to have always interpreted it) as saying that Judas' sin is greater than Pilate's. The distinction between mortal and venial sins is only very roughly that "venial sins are kind of bad and mortal sins are really bad". More accurately one could say that all sins adversely affect one's relationship to God; but venial sins, because they don't involve a complete turning away from God, "merely" damage the relationship, while mortal sins destroy it and require a new outflow of grace from God—a "reboot" of the relationship.