I know some examples of different ways of proceeding in the admission of states, but I also know my understanding is very incomplete, and I'm not sure any books deal with this question systematically. Examples: Admission of new states into the United States must be consistent with Article IV, Section 3 of the Constitution, but that leaves some discretion to Congress in a number of matters. What were the different ways of proceeding and which states were admitted according to which processes? Vermont and Texas make the transition directly from being a foreign country to being a state in the U.S.A. (Hawaii went through an intermediate period of some decades between foreign-country status and being a full-fledged state.) Vermont's de-facto independence was vehemently but ineffectually disputed by New York, and New York's governor George Clinton successfully campaigned against Vermont's admission for a long time; otherwise it would have happened almost a decade earlier under the Articles of Confederation (in a sense it almost did happen in 1781 but Clinton exerted great efforts to stop it, and did). Congress granted Texas the right to split itself into several states without any further action by Congress. In Vermont the state constitution that had already been in effect for years simply continued in effect with no changes at all when the state was admitted, and the governor and other state officers who were already in office under that constitution simply continued their terms of office without even so much as getting sworn in in the manner prescribed by the federal Constitution. (Might something similar have happened in Texas?) Kentucky was a part of Virginia until it became a separate state in 1792. Under Article IV, Section III, this required the consent of the legislature of Virginia, which was given in 1789. (I think governing such an extensive state was expensive and inconvenient and they also wanted more southerners in the U.S. senate.) Strangely, the act of Congress admitting Kentucky was actually passed two weeks before the act admitting Vermont, although Kentucky was not admitted until well over a year after Vermont. Because of New York's claim that Vermont was legally part of New York (although Vermont was under a government that refused to recognize that), Vermont could not be admitted until New York's legislature consented in 1790. Maine could similarly not be admitted (in 1820) without the consent of the legislature of Massachusetts (granted in 1819, I think?) and West Virginia was a strange case, admitted during the Civil War with the consent of some anti-secessionist legislators in Virginia. They arrived in New York aboard the American Legion on 28 August. The attack itself was conducted first by Airplanes, one of which reportedly identified the ship to be American. Then by patrol boat at close quarters. And finally, by helicopter. The late 1880s and early 1890s were a period of considerable industrial unrest in the iron and steel industries, with notable strikes at the Edgar Thompson furnaces, and especially the Homestead Strike in 1892, which effectively broke the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers. One of the objectives of these strikes was a reduction in working hours and an end to Sunday working. They were unsuccessful, and both the 12-hour shift and Sunday working remained the general rule for the production of steel ingots or pigs. Back in the UK, the newspapers, had followed the progress of the Siege of Mafeking. When the siege was broken, Baden-Powell became a national hero. On the back of this, people bought the small manual, Aids to Scouting, he had written some years earlier about military scouting and wilderness survival. This fuelled public interest in the subject of scouting. With the lengthening working day came an increase in Sunday working. As noted above, the change seems to have begun in about 1895, but as Fitch observed: Furthermore, Sunday working seems to have been unusual for men working in the production of sheet steel until some time after 1895. Only the Edgar Thompson plant (owned by Carnegie) had always operated during a portion of Sunday, and we are told that Sunday working had been abandoned at Homestead in 1882 [Ibid p168]. So, apart from the obvious humanitarian goals, the reasons for US economic aid to post-war Europe were essentially both strategic and economic. The implication of this is that: A number of people, including surviving members of the crew of the USS Liberty, have certainly claimed that the real reason for the attack has been covered up by both governments. There have also been a number of books published on the subject, including Remember the Liberty!: Almost Sunk by Treason on the High Seas, by Ernest Gallo, Ronald Kukal, Phillip Nelson, Phillip Tourney, & Raymond McGovern and The Liberty Incident by Judge A. Jay Cristol. The two exceptions at that date were, apparently, furnaces owned by Carnegie's Company. Bessemer Men and Open-Hearth Operatives In 1886, Andrew Carnegie had stated that: His experiences with the Commissionership, and with other matters of patronage at that time, do seem to have given Lincoln a jaundiced view of government. This may also have been a factor in his decision to decline the offer of the governorship. In a letter to John Addison the following year (9 August 1850), Lincoln wrote: The failures seem to have been at all levels, but ultimately stemmed from the distribution of responsibility for planning and implementing an effective network. Answer As stated on the Wikipedia page about the incident, both the Israeli and U.S. governments conducted inquiries and issued reports that concluded the attack was a mistake due to Israeli confusion about the ship's identity.