The two parliamentary acts that determine the date of the election — the Fixed Term Parliaments Act 2011 and the Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013 make no mention of delaying the election. 

It's legally impossible to postpone the election without changing current laws. However, Parliament has been dissolved and thus laws cannot enacted or changed. 

Theresa May's stance on LGBTQ has changed over the years. However, since the Conservative leadership election, she has endorsed LGBT rights as seen from the statement she gave to the Conservative Party group LGBTory. Politics.co.uk - Can we withdraw Article 50 once we trigger it? Probably (but it's complicated) 1974 – It occurred in 1974 when a minority Labour government was formed following the Feb 1974 election. 

However, if after an election no one party has an absolute majority in the House (as in 1923, 1929 and February 1974) then the Queen will send for the leader of the party with the largest number of seats (as in 1929 and 1974) or with the next largest number of seats (as in January 1924). Alternatively, the sovereign would have to initiate discussions with and between the parties to discover, for example, whether a government could be formed by a politician who was not a party leader or whether a coalition government could be formed. 

Border security is vital in preventing serious crimes including child abduction, people trafficking, smuggling of drugs and guns, terrorism and modern day slavery. 

And the Queen has proclaimed the election to be held on June 8th: 

* This doesn't include elections in which a coalition government's formed, e.g. 2010, since a coalition government is theoretically a majority government. Yes, the UK government has mentioned this before in the explanatory notes published with the EU Notification of Withdrawal Bill (Article 50 bill). 

It's worth noting that the Queen's speech (or the King's speech, officially known as the speech from the throne started in 1852. 

So, in conclusion, it's still unclear if the UK can withdraw its notification to trigger Article 50. That being said, it's also unclear at this stage to see how the negotiations with the EU will result and how would the UK Parliament vote on the Brexit deal if they get the chance to. This would give the EU lesser arguments to give the UK a bad deal and at the same time to give Theresa May a stronger argument since she has the popular support. 

Firstly, to answer your question: What happens next? Basically, there are some of the theories on why UK elections are always held on a Thursday. Most news articles cited tradition as the main reason. 

Every vote for the Conservatives will make it harder for opposition politicians who want to stop me from getting the job done. 

The Independent - Brexit ruling: MPs 'could stop EU withdrawal even after Article 50 is triggered' 

Article 50 is vague and does not mention it. Basically, there wasn't any official mechanism to withdraw from the EU until the Lisbon Treaty in 2009. It was also never really meant to be used, so it may be unclear in some areas such as this. 

Heathrow generates 50% of UK aviation emissions. This makes 6% of total emissions, according to Department for Transport figures. With a third runway and as the UK as a whole cuts emissions, Heathrow's contribution to overall UK emissions would rise significantly by 2050, some calculate to as much as 50% of total. "I think there’s now an enormous parliamentary majority for equal marriage so I’m confident that it will continue to be the case." 

Advocates for a second Scottish independence referendum If May has managed to cobble together a coalition and goes to the palace to ask the Queen to form a government, Her Majesty can't exactly say no. 

Basically, the party will still have to cooperate with smaller parties to pass legislation in Parliament as it requires a majority. 

Basically, businesses and the aviation industry mainly support the idea of building a third runway since it will allow the airport to accommodate more passengers and put the airport on equal footing as other main European airports. Section 2 of the Fixed Term Parliaments Act 2011 states that: 

Related article: The Guardian — Theresa May plans anti-extremism drive if Tories win election He was appointed to this position on 10 February 2017 after his predecessor Helen Bower took up a new role as Director of Communications in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. 

Believes that the UK doesn't need Article 50 or any negotiations and that the UK should just leave straight away This party would be unable to pass laws and legislation without the votes of other parties that are not part of the government. By convention, the Queen does not get involved in party politics, so there are no circumstances in which she would choose the prime minister. There have been suggestions that she may not deliver the Queen's Speech in person if there's a question mark over whether it will get voted through. 

This Independent article explains how minority governments are formed: 

For me, equality is about fairness. It is simply wrong for anyone to face discrimination or abuse because of who they are or who they love. A Conservative Government under my leadership would be unequivocally committed to supporting LGBT people, and continuing the vital task of tackling hate crime, homophobia and transphobia – both in the UK and around the world. It has been reported that the two parties do not believe it necessary to enter a formal coalition to govern. 

It's worth noting that minority governments often don't last long as it's difficult to govern and pass legislation in Parliament. An notable one would be Harold Wilson's minority Labour government that lasted only for 7 months in 1974, though he managed to win a small majority after calling an election. Whilst currently its only full members are EU countries, it is in fact a legally separate organisation to the EU.