For further information and to find your complete answer ( regarding the types of rings, stones, and likewise which hand and finger..), I strongly recommend you to see the following links. 

Eventually, I strongly recommend you to read the following link which has illustrated more detailed regarding the mentioned matter. (Which is into Persian, Indonesian and Turkish. 

www.islamquest.net / Indonesian / Turkish / Persian (Farsi) 

Firstly, albeit my answer is not like @Alex A, but I respect his answer (and as a rule of thumb, there can be diverse viewpoints in different individuals). 

Even though we consider that e.g. there is difference regarding the precise date of his birthday (and seemingly especially between 2 dates), despising that, there doesn't seem to be any remarkable/big problem if we celebrate both of them or at least the one which can be more probable (based on every one belief/assumption). And actually the significant issue is its positive and constructive effect on the society which show a kind of honoring to high-ranking position of the apostle of God (albeit it would be definitely it is held in its the most exact date). 

(Note: Of course It was not a complete answer, since you inquired a very significant question which needs a long answer (I think). But briefly I mentioned some of its important pars as far as I could, hopefully it be profitable for you) 

In the science of Rejal (Elme-Rejal), it is discussed one by one of it in accordance with the: 

I was wandering if it is considered as a true matter? If so, would you please present some related sources? Moreover was it all of her Meher or there were other things as well? 

I know it is not Haram to have sexual intercourse with wife, but I wonder is it a positive act? 

in your example india is located east from dubai, (and their time zones differ more than a hour), so you cannot use dubai new moon in india. 

at beginning of new month, when moon is visible first time, it is visible only for several minutes. 

I have seen that child should be given name with good meaning. On what that is based? And what about meaningless names? - Also I have seen that child should be given name with meaning. 

http://sunnah.com/bukhari/67/72 : The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A matron should not be given in marriage except after consulting her; and a virgin should not be given in marriage except after her permission." The people asked, "O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! How can we know her permission?" He said, "Her silence (indicates her permission). 

At end of month Moon is not visible at day and not visible at night and not visible at sunset because Moon sets earlier than Sun, and at end of month Moon rises earlier than Sun and can be visible just before sunrise: for example, see sunrise at 2015-09-12 (1436 Thul-Qedah 28) . 

so, if you are located eastward from international new moon, you cannot use it. 

but, i think, if you are eastward and more north from the new moon seeing location and it is summer at northern hemisphere, and if sun is at same or less degrees below horizon for you, than at location of first seeing of new moon, you can use that first moon seeing. (this rule should be edited to be written more generally). 

2) if bride is a matron, she should say whether she agree to the marriage or not and her opinion is stronger than opinion of her wali, even if the wali do not agree (she can marry or not marry regardless what wali thinks). 

Have I committed a sin because I didn't know? - you probably did not make sin neither by your behavior, because, even if it was incorrect behviour, as soon as you did not know, you are not sinful for your that behaviour, and you are not probably sinful for not knowing that at first place because that is quite advanced topic and you could not know so much things, and also it is probably even a disagreement among different islamic scholars, so several different resulting opinions looks quite right do different scholars and you need to know quite much to have your own opinion. 

And in another place in the Qur'an, He promises to preserve the dhikr (sunnah, hadith) that has been revealed to the Prophet (peace be upon him). So the preservation of the sunnah is something that must happen, and we know this both by revelation and logic (how can Allah command us to follow something that isn't preserved?). 

Also, Allah refers to what the Prophet (peace be upon him) says as a form of wahi (revelation) Surah Najm, verses 3-4. 

This means that our legislation comes first from Allah in Qur'an, and then from hadith of the Prophet, peace be upon him. Allah says: 

Qur'an was preserved by divine promise. And the Qur'an says: 

Hadith also usually detail specifics. For instance, the Qur'an says, "pray in the morning and the evening." But it does not detail the specifics of how to pray; that comes from hadith. 

Also in the Qur'an: "Obey Allah and the Prophet." Surah Al-e-Imran, verse 32. 

Also, as Ershad says, during the time where Bukhari, Muslim, et. all started collecting and compiling ahadith together, they were extremely cautious about who to trust. An anecdote from life of Imam Bukhari follows: 

So there is no issue about hadith changing. The only issue is that some anti-Islamic sources fake and invent hadith; these are called "mawdoo'", or forged hadith, which are rejected. 

Based on this, hadith occupies a very, very, very high status in Islam. The preservation was guaranteed through the science of hadith, which is an excruciatingly detailed study of every narrator of every hadith (their life, biography, memory, manners, etc.) as well as text of every narration.