iv) It shall, on registration of such a player, provide the relevant association with proof that it is complying with the aforementioned obligations; 

As the official governing body for football, FIFA has the following roles and responsibilities: 

NOTE: I know the question asked was not exactly about the Advantage rule. I felt it was required to provide a little extra information for anyone else reading the answer. The player taking the penalty kick must kick the ball forward FIFA has no powers like any judiciary body of a sovereign nation. FIFA can only govern in matters relating to the sport of football. Hence any trials, fines and bans will be in direct relation to the sport of football or footballing activities. FIFA's 'power' over private individuals extends only to their participation in footballing activities, including but not restricted to, playing the game or managing a team in any competitive game and taking part in any form of governance of football related activities. b) The transfer takes place within the territory of the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA) and the player is aged between 16 and 18. In this case, the new club must fulfil the following minimum obligations: Messi and Suarez complied with all the above rules. Hence, it was a legitimate goal. FIFA was recognized as the world governing body for football by the first few nations to play the sport in the early 1900's. FIFA's position became official upon recognition by the IOC as the the governing body for football in the world. c) The player lives no further than 50km from a national border and the club with which the player wishes to be registered in the neighbouring association is also within 50km of that border. The maximum distance between the player’s domicile and the club’s headquarters shall be 100km. In such cases, the player must continue to live at home and the two associations concerned must give their explicit consent. ii) It shall guarantee the player an academic and/or school and/or vocational education and/or training, in addition to his football education and/or training, which will allow the player to pursue a career other than football should he cease playing professional football. In the case of the transfer bans handed to Atletico de Madrid, Real Madrid (and previously Barcelona), the clubs were found guilty of breaching the aforementioned transfer regulations by FIFA. Atletico and Real can appeal the bans with FIFA (and then with Court of Arbitration for Sport, if the previous appeal is turned down). • allows play to continue when the team against which an offence has been committed will benefit from such an advantage and penalises the original offence if the anticipated advantage does not ensue at that time As to the corruption, well nobody can do anything about it, except the Ethics Committee in FIFA or the Court for Arbitration in Sport(CAS). Expecting the clubs to do something about FIFA's corruption is like expecting a player to show a red card to a referee in a football match. There is no chance of that scenario occurring whatsoever (even if it does happen, it will only result in the player getting into a lot of trouble). The maximum clubs can do is file a case against FIFA with CAS, although I don't see that happening, since none of the clubs have been directly affected by the corruption that has currently put FIFA in the limelight. 

• the severity of the offence: if the infringement warrants an expulsion, the referee must stop play and send off the player unless there is a subsequent opportunity to score a goal i) It shall provide the player with an adequate football education and/or training in line with the highest national standards. 

Regarding FIFA's official transfer laws, international transfer of minors is not allowed if the player is under the age of 18 (which is the definition of a minor). There are 3 exceptions, as explained in Article 19 of FIFA Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players (pages 17 and 18): 

Disclaimer: This list is by no means exhaustive. Just a list of some players who scored a hell of a lot of goals for their respective clubs. 

As far as I know it has never occurred in the Premier League era. Manchester United over came a 12 point deficit to Newcastle United to win the 1995/96 Premiership by 7 points. I should mention that the English Premier League, also known as the Premiership, started only in 1992 (i.e., the first season was the 1992/93 season). Before that it was just known as English First Division League. The answer I have given is only for the Premier League era.