The general recommendation I've found is to check the heat of the back of the neck (path from heart to brain) and heat of the torso (contains everything else). So, there you go, you simply get him to brush at the start of his bedtime routine, then story, then bottle, then sleep. 

Informing someone you're expecting to give your child their full attention that they're being covertly watched at all times is counter-productive. Rather than focusing on what your child needs, they'll focus on what you'll think of what you're seeing, which is not the same thing. This might make your life simpler (or possibly more worrying, considering how long you may have been doing this wrong): You're supposed to brush before meals. It's technically harmful to brush immediately after, as it removes acid softened enamel. 

I found children's books like "I Want My Hat Back" and "The Gruffalo" genuinely enjoyable short reads, but a lot of what I read to my daughter in the early stages were my own books, such as Terry Pratchett's Discworld Novels, the Hobbit, and blogs I was reading. If there's a book you don't enjoy reading, move to a different book. 

Peter: [responding to Michael in same tone] It doesn't matter what I read, it's the tone you use. She doesn't understand the words anyway, now where were we? Firstly, in the event of the body needing energy for stuff like digestion or growing, the body generally diverts blood away from the limbs towards the "core", where the real work's being done by the heart and stomach, and to the brain. 

Also be aware that any uncovered part of the body will get cold faster than any covered part, especially the "sticky-out" bits (hands, feet, ears, etc.), because that's where the heat can get out from. So if your baby's hands seem worryingly cold, mittens would be the first step (Also, adorable!). But you should only really be doing this if you're out somewhere cold, or if your baby seems uncomfortable, as you're effectively blocking off the avenues of release for excess heat from the internal organs. 

The key here is Don't Read Books You Don't Enjoy. 

If for some reason breast alone isn't an option, (e.g. mother is needed elsewhere, mother feels uncomfortable feeding in public, milk's running slow, baby needs more than just breast can provide, tounge-tie, or any of the other billion justified reasons), Formula Is Perfectly Acceptable. Repeat a million times to drown out any fear: 

Michael: What are you reading her? 

If you can't trust the nanny, either don't tell her about the camera, or don't use the camera. As you've said, a monitoring device is of no use if you know exactly where it is. All it will tell you is if she's struggling. I'd say "don't leave your child with her", but you have to leave your kids with someone, so I'd suggest just monitoring how happy they are, what information they bring home etc. (UK law requires that any childminder now produce weekly reports on what your kids did and have specific policies on stuff like food, trips, bullying, etc; but even a couple of digital photos a month of your child playing go a long way to reassuring you) Here's the truth: What they do with your child while you are not there is not in your control. As an example, if your child falls over and scrapes their knee, that is a thing that happens. Having them immediately panic about whether the camera picked it up and how you reacted rather than taking care of the boo-boo is counter-productive. What you can control is whether your child is in their care, and what you can check is how your child is around the nanny, and whether both the child and the nanny are content or not when you come home (stressed nanny is as much a warning sign as stressed baby, if not more). That's the most important thing, and it's far more useful to observe that than using a webcam. EDIT: An assumption made by most of the answers so far is that she's not sleeping in a cot at the end of the bed. I appreciate that if we move the cot, we "reduce the problem to one that's already been solved", but we're not quite ready for that. Obviously if you don't enjoy reading, then you'll find it harder to encourage a child to read. But there are tons of good books out there that are adult-enjoyable, but still child-friendly. 

While we were in hospital post-birth, our newborn had jaundice and needed topping up with formula, but we had the midwives come and give us information to let us know what the best thing would be to do. I recommend doing that at your local childbirth centre of choice, but here are the highlights. 

Personally, we're topping up on SMA's jars of baby fluid, dispensed via cup, till her weight's up a bit (phototherapy dehydrates her, so her weight dropped a little more than preferred). It's so easy, you just hook it under her lip and she laps it up. And I can do it, which is the highlight of my day. The main issue here is one of trust. 

Also be aware, it's not exactly like talking to a wall. Your baby will respond to your voice, even if they don't react like a child will. And as I said in a related answer, it's far easier to deal with baby-level reactions when reading a story than when trying to converse, because you don't expect interruption or response when reading. 

It's driving my slightly-more-easy-to-wake partner to the edge of sanity, and I'd like to save her without joining her on the edge myself. 

Sources: The Dental Hygenist magazine and the NHS guidance on teeth cleaning. 

Brushing removes plaque, not food, so you actually want to brush the plaque off before eating, as it immediately produces acid when the food hits it, so most of the damage is done to your teeth well before you brush... the softened enamel of your teeth away, increasing the damage.