I do have one small problem with this, based on geography. I want to start by saying that there are as many theories for this as there are theorists. However, I'm fairly well conviced of mine... 10th Century AD - The Annals of Wales mention Arthur in three battles, as well as Mordred and Merlin. This was also written in Wales. According to wikipedia, Anglo-Norman French (the dialect of French spoken by the Norman conquerors) was used for that purpose in England in the 13th century. Before that it was typically Latin, and afterwards English. Also that area was pretty much the wool-production capitol of Europe. So the material would have been much more plentiful (and cheap) than it would be most other places. Most Scottish nobles could probably skim it for free from their own estates. As I touched in the last paragraph of this answer, we don't really know who the Huns were. Its one of the great mysteries of history, up there with the identity of the Sea Peoples. The period in which this was occurring, roughly 400AD to 1350 (or Andrianople to the popularization of Gunpowder), is what historian Charles Oman referred to as The Age of Cavalry. During this period, there was essentially no good answer to massed Cavalry from the other military arms. * - an extinct Irish horse breed. No, it wasn't guys riding around on horse-head sticks with retainers banging together coconuts behind them like in Monty Python's Holy Grail Of course one of the first things they did in Europe was conquer the germanic Ostragoth and Alan tribes. So on their further incursions into Europe there were a lot of Germanic speakers riding in their army with them. The Ostragoths were pretty badass mounted lancers, so it became rather tough to stop all of them together. Quite successful, in the cases where they could muster the talent and connections required. Garibaldi's expedition to unite Italy under the rule of Piedmont-Sardinia only went as far north as the northern boundary of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies (a bit north of Naples). The territory in the middle was run by the Pope, and the "honor" of attacking the Pope's forces and taking this land fell upon the regular forces of the Kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia, not Garibaldi. Garibaldi was really fighting for Italian unity, not for the King of P-S, and the P-S government didn't trust the guy, so they were quite anxious to get their army down to Napes ASAP and take over sovereignty of the "liberated" territory. The shift (according to the author) started sometime around the Victorian era, and reached fruition in the US at least sometime around the start of the 20th Century, with courts beginning to allow divorces for "loss of affection" (a concept that makes sense only when marriage is believed to be about love). Other notables who were actual immigrants are Carter's National Security Advisor Zbignew Brzezinski (Warsaw), and Clinton's State Department head Madeline Albright (Prague). Bernie Sanders' father was born in Poland as well. The basic historic entries on King Arthur tend to agree on one thing: He participated in the battle of Mount Badon, which (assuming it occurred as well) would have happened sometime around 500 AD. One of the lessons a lot of leaders (Bismark prominently excepted) took from 1848 was that having a relatively liberal government, like England and the Netherlands, Spain, and Portugal, actually appeared to make your country more stable in such times. This caused a lot of "Liberal" reform to be voluntarily instituted over the next few decades.