A deposit must be paid, the deposit is stored in a bank protected by a government scheme, while the deposit is in the bank it will start to accumulate interest, once the deposit is to be given back to you then the interest is also returned either to you or the landlord. Assured shorthold tenancies (ASTs) is the type of a tenancy agreement and in the Standard Clauses in Assured Shorthold Tenancy Agreements you'll find mention of the terms quoted above. I heard the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) say: Allah the Almighty said: O son of Adam, so long as you call upon Me and ask of Me, I shall forgive you for what you have done, and I shall not mind. O son of Adam, were your sins to reach the clouds of the sky and were you then to ask forgiveness of Me, I would forgive you. O son of Adam, were you to come to Me with sins nearly as great as the earth and were you then to face Me, ascribing no partner to Me, I would bring you forgiveness nearly as great as it. It was related by at-Tirmidhi (also by Ahmad ibn Hanbal). A similar question has been asked on Islam QA to which in response the below narration was cited showing that reciting the Quran is something you can do while lying down: 

In regards your point quoted below: 

“…Indeed, the patient will be given their reward without account.” [az-Zumar 39:10]. 

Is it Haram to sell that which is Halal to organisations that mainly deal in Haram matters. 

In regards your query quoted below, the only case I think a word may be Haram is if it is made up for a purpose to insult any thing to do with our beliefs(god, prophets) OR if the word is a profound word such as swearing words For example: A bar owner approaches you and wants to buy water from you in bulk quantities to sell in his bar. What is the punishment of someone who does something forbidden while knowing that it is forbidden? Dont do this just to feel better, do it with sincerity, after all no one desires to be burnt in the hell fire Both of these two terms are enforced by the government and might be part of every law binding contract. One thing to point out here is that we know that people will be judged individually but we don't know what judging criteria God has in place unless he reveals that to us, and it is only God who knows whats in a persons heart, however we know that God is just: Now the question is this considered Riba, and what alternatives does one have available?