This connection was made by fathers as early as Irenaeus (d. 202). Here's a table showing the views of several fathers whose writings we have on this subject: 

What I'm saying today is that we must go from this convention and say, "America, you must be born again!" [applause] (Oh yes) Summary Unfortunately, not many pre-1800 commentators deal with this text explicitly and take a position, and even fewer do so in works that we have in English.11 However, those that do agree that this Exodus 21 teaches, at least for "formed" fetuses, that causing the death of an unborn child is a capital offense. Early in John Calvin's career, he was involved in a controversy that forced him to flee Paris and live in hiding for a time. Calvin's friend, Nicolas Cop, delivered an address that many considered heretical, and Calvin was implicated as well. R. C. Sproul says: 

Apology, Chapter IX. St. Augustine Questions on Exodus (French). See question 80 in particular, a portion of which is available in the work cited immediately below. Soul of the Embryo, p119 Brenton's Septuagint The Questions on the Octateuch, 48 Summa Theologica, Second Part of Second Part, Question 64, Article 8, Reply to Objection 2 Harmony of the Law, v3, Sixth Commandment Geneva Study Bible, Ex. 21:22 Complete Commentary English Annotations on the Holy Bible For example, Adam Clarke, though born around 1760, published his work in 1832, so he is too late. John Gill is pre-1800, but merely marks the debate and does not take a position. Calmet's works are only available in French and Latin. 

Individual salvation Steps of individual salvation King was uncomfortable with orthodox and neo-orthodox understandings of original sin, but he did accept that men are sinful and that they therefore need salvation: Subsequent fathers took similar approaches, but often came to different conclusions regarding the specific associations. For example, Victorinus, and Jerome following him, saw the ox and the man similarly, but swapped the other two: Summary It's tough to demonstrate exactly how common the practice was among individual Christians in the early church, given the documentary record that has survived. But the record clearly shows, particularly the last two documents cited above, that silent prayer was widespread in Christian churches by the 4th century, if not earlier. 

In Church History in Plain Language, Bruce Shelley points out a key distinction between Western and Eastern Christianity: how each has related to the State through history. Citations, including all book/chapter numbers for Cur Deus Homo, refer to Anselm of Canterbury: The Major Works (Oxford World's Classics). 

Specific examples will hopefully make the distinction clear. First, in the East, when the emperor Leo III forbade the veneration of icons, the Patriarch of Constantinople resigned: He also refers to the "insult" that man gave God in the Garden of Eden (Genesis 3), when he "allowed himself to be conquered" by the devil through "persuasion alone," and thereby acted "contrary to the will and honour of God." In order to repay God for this insult, man must now do the opposite: being weak and mortal, he must "conquer the devil through the difficulty of death, and in so doing to sin in no way." But there's a problem: man is "born in sin" (cf. Psalm 51) and cannot accomplish this. (1.22) God recognizes man's incapacity, but since it is self-inflicted, his punishment should be increased, not reduced. (1.24)