For example could one suppose a super-position of truth values? In the early days of quantum theory it was startling to discover that a particle had both particulate & wave properties, as these seemed mutually exclusive phenomena. It was finally understood that a particle was a field; and the questions one asked determined whether one saw a particle or wave. Is there a similar possibility for truth? Given that the theory can no longer be tested, meaning that there can be no experimental evidence to force a change, the only development must be internal. I'm assuming physical/mathematical intuition can be characterised as a certain form of aesthetic. I don't see this as controversial, given some of the famous pronouncements by physicists & mathematicians of all stripes. The argument that the universe created itself is not correct: 

This tradition still continues in continental philosophy, where poetic values are still important. Nietszche wouldn't have written the way he did if not for that. 

note: Fictionalism is best thought of in opposition to Platonism, it "is the view that (a) our mathematical sentences and theories do purport to be about abstract mathematical objects, as Platonism suggests, but (b) there are no such things as abstract objects, and so (c) our mathematical theories are not true. Thus, the idea is that sentences like ‘3 is prime’ are false, or untrue, for the same reason that, say, ‘The tooth fairy is generous’ is false or untrue—because just as there is no such person as the tooth fairy, so too there is no such thing as the number 3" I don't see how science can begin to approach this question of God. Its a theological or philosophical question. Its only a naive conceptions of religion that science can debunk. 

An example is calculus: Archimedes investigated integration synthetically but could not put it on a formal axiomatic system ala euclid. Its development stalled until Newton/Leibniz utilised the coordinitisation of geometry to begin to fully realise its capability. It was of course noticed that these 'fluzions' were not fully rigorous, and Berkelys criticism of 'ghosts of departed quantities' stung. It wasn't until Cauchy developed the idea of a limit that the foundations of calculus began to be put on a rigourous basis. Now there are a plethora of different axiomatics for the calculus: Synthetic Differential Geometry, Nonstandard Analysis, Diffeological Spaces. Which one of these is the one true & correct axiomatic framework? 

I don't have an answer for you; it certainly seems to me though that this ought to be, and probably is, one of the tasks of the philosophy of science. 

Can professional mathematicians/physicists actually assimilate how problematic mathematics/physics is, if they are to do their work, if they are too see the concepts they handle with concrete clarity, rather than as misty illusions. Rather than liberating, it may be disillusioning. Like piercing the veil of maya. 

And is it not basic (or first) to ask whether particles are extensionless, or have extension? What we both know and see is theory-laden; there is theory that is natural to us - it's part of us, there is also theory that is inferred; we might say its super-natural being over and above that which is natural. 

This is a new way to take seriously Von Neumanns dictum that it is the quantum logic that is essential in QM. Its far too early to say how important the results are though. Historically, the conservation of mass is the first discovered and probably dates from antiquity although I have no plausible reference for it. 

Plato, in the Timaeus which describes his cosmology has the Demiurge inject order into the formless void. Unlike the New Athiests he is at least lacks the hubris to have: Both kinds of knowledge is natural to human beings; both kinds of knowledge and understanding have been part of human thinking from the beginning; and as it has been in the past, so it is in the present, and also the future; human beings, move from one kind of knowledge to the other, not in any simple way, since the relationship between the two is vastly complex, as Hegel points out in his Phenomenology: Sense-Certainty is only the beginning, being immediate to us as also affirmed by Al-Ghazali (The Sense-Judge and Reason-Judge) and Descartes (his cogito). Finally, the double-slit experiment doesn't challenge our logic but our physics as then conceived. That is then Physics had a simple deterministic interpretation - symbolically the 'clockwork universe'. In fact this experiment does have a classical interpretation via Bohmian Mechanics - but it is non-local. One should note that the Greek atomists did include indeterminism in their physics. As Newton did preface his Principia with an excerpt from Lucretious De Rerum Natura, it probably would not have come as a surprise to him to see its advent again. 

I'll leave the final word to Plato, in Georgias he has Socrate say: 

Historically speaking, the conservation of energy has been deduced from the quantitive physical theories from the Renaissance onwards. Gradually the importance of this law was recognised and eventually placed at the pinnacle of physical science. It was the quantitative nature that allowed for the empirical discovery that something was being conserved. This is the empirical & scientific view. 

This is an answer to a specific issue brought up in the comments on the theme of the OPs question. That is the nonsense that is the Derridian quote 'The Einsteinian constant is not a constant' in the context of Structuralism & Science. I'm putting it here as its obviously too long to go in a comment. 

Consider, for example, both Islamic & Christian theology place Allah or God outside time and space. Since science investigates phenomena in time & space - including theoretical physics - how can science discover the truth of that statement? Its simply outside of its judgement.