Until my 3.5 years old nephew was offered a choice between A, B and C, and he immediately chose D. Cue tantrum, because his mother couldn't/wouldn't allow for it. Here are all the variables in the scene: When he says "listen to me", I let him speak. Because I believe that you should treat a child seriously and with respect if you want the same from them. After his rambling, I say "Ok, but.." and start to put my point across, but I'm interrupted with more "Listen to me"! A couple more times, and he starts to yell it. And what should the parent do when the child insists on an option that wasn't offered? We can say that's not allowed and all that, but how do we avoid a tantrum while we're denying the child his choice? He could be doing the dumbest/most destructive thing but when we try to reason with him to get him to stop, he'll just say "listen to me" and proceed to speak of things that are not even explanations to why he would like to keep doing what he's doing. For example, he'd be thrashing a book about, or spreading spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when we tell him (nicely at first) not to do that, he'd say "listen to me. I went into the room and got the book and this is a coloring book and we bought this when we went to the mall.." and so on. Or some trivia about spaghetti sauce.. You get the picture. (Aagh... kids!) There's this 3.5 year old that I know, who keeps saying/yelling "Listen to me" when you try to correct him. He probably gets it from his parents, who I've seen saying the same thing when they're trying to explain to him why he should or shouldn't do something. Especially when he's hyped up and just wont calm down and listen. Some researchers found a link between aggressive behavior and empathetic overarousal. The reading is interesting. Did you perhaps notice more responsiveness earlier that has let off somewhat? Overarousal may be an issue here. Also, when he gives you an order, once you've explained that people don't ask like that (and he is expected to accept your answer and discuss it calmly if at all), all you have to say is, "Geoffrey, that's a one". If it sounds blissful, that's because it is. I'm truly sorry this is so long and so negative. I really empathize with parents who have oppositional children. I know there are things that help. I know life can be much more joyful in the home. And, once he starts behaving (and he will), you will be able to talk more, and enjoy more, give more, respect more, listen more, and struggle less. You will have asserted your authority without anger or being physical, and he will learn that there are consequences every time he misbehaves. You will have modeled calm parenting, which will become his default position as a parent himself. If she says "because I don't love Daddy anymore" (very common for all kids at some age or another), don't react as your inner child. You're an adult. The answer is, "Daddy still loves you and will always love you, but (he) really wants to know why you don't love (him)." It may be minor ("he doesn't let me have chocolate milk at lunch") or serious ("he scares me when he gets mad"). If she comes out with something insightful, the response is praise for being brave enough to identify something so threatening ("scary"). Also, there is a biological component (not always obvious.) Did you or your wife have a sibling or a cousin that drove their parents crazy, was always late for school, got kicked out of high school or was always getting detention, etc., or landed in jail? According to the US Department of Education, most kindergartners are able to: ‘pretend’ to read, retell simple stories, recognize letters and letter-sound matches, show familiarity with rhyming and beginning sounds, understand that print is read left-to-right and top-to-bottom, begin to match spoken words with written ones, begin to write letters of the alphabet and some words they use and hear often, and begin to write stories with some readable parts. So aim for this. You do deserve credit for the things you're doing right, and I admire you for them. You're probably drained at the end of the day and would like to rest some. So what do you want to do? If it's an activity like gaming, then you just need to set priorities. Figure out what is more important to you than your daughter, and do it without feeling guilty. But if you do feel guilty, there must be a conflict in there somewhere.