The President will likely voluntarily resign if he is "honest, law abiding, and not dismayed". Apart from that, only Congress can impeach and remove a President from office. 

The Court requires at least 6 associate justices to constitute a a quorum to conduct business according to 28 USC ยง 1. 

Would a presidential candidate be able to change his/her running mate after ballot papers have been printed? In this case, it is more advantageous for him to publish the emails himself since he can claim he is transparent. By letting the NYT publish it, he won't be able to do that but the contents of the email are still revealed. 

Senate confirmations only require a simple majority vote as shown in this document: 

Eventually, he still plans to let Mexico pay for it. In an another article by CNN, he will use Mexicans' remittances to pay for the wall. 

However, it is unclear whether he can bring criminal charges against the President himself as Presidents usually cannot be criminally charged by normal prosecutors; the evidence should be presented to the House of Representatives as grounds for impeachment. 

Basically, they have the same powers as a United States District Attorney. That will include the ability to conduct a thorough investigation of potential crimes committed and to issue subpoenas. 

If the special counsel finds enough evidence, he can seek an indictment against the suspect from a federal grand jury. The grand jury will then decide whether to indict and the case would potentially go to a federal criminal trial. 

Prior to that, the inauguration date used to be March 4 for both the presidency and the congressional sessions. 

The current battle seems to be being fought mostly in terms of funding. The federal government is sending certain monies to the city. It may stop sending some funds to cities that don't do certain things. Cities are defiantly saying that they'll continue even in the face of loss of funds. Note how this hits two Republican issues: immigration and cutting spending. And a very small number of Republicans live in those cities. As such, don't be surprised if the funding is in fact cut. TL;DR Most likely Franklin D. Roosevelt with at least 1715. 

That said, they do have to comply with the law. And if the law requires them to do certain things in certain situations, then they have to follow that. Even in those places where the police are directly under mayoral control, the mayor can't force them to break the law. E.g. the mayor can't demand an extra-judicial hanging. Or force them to ignore immigration law. 

Of course, it is also very difficult for Cruz to win enough delegates for a first ballot majority. Even Trump is back to being short of target (he needed to win Ohio). And neither of them have Kasich's advantages with the unbound delegates. 

Christie got 1.8% of 30, which rounded to 0 after adjustments. I.e. if too many round up, then someone can't. Apparently Christie was that someone. Even if his 1.8% was really 1.75% (which rounds to 1.8%) that would have been 0.525, which should have rounded up. But all 30 delegates had already been allocated. In the context of prior cases about "enemy combatants", the precedents used the declarations of war from World War II, and in the Civil War, respectively to determine who was an "enemy". The two pre-9-11 cases that were used to support the enemy combatant doctrine were Ex Parte Quirin, 317 U.S. 1 (1942) (World War II), and Ex Parte Milligan, 71 U.S. (4 Wall.) 2 (1866) (U.S. Civil War). 

State and Local Age Limits And Disability Rules Most states have chosen not to follow the federal example with regard to judges and have either imposed a constitutional retirement age, as in the case of Colorado, where Colorado Constitution, Article IV, Section 23(1) requires judges to retire at age 72, and/or have a commission overseeing judges (and sometimes other civil servants) that can require them to retire due to disabilities which often arise from old age. It is not at all clear how the courts would resolve that issue outside the 4th Circuit. The Padilla case in 2005 did give rise to a precedent in the United States Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that supports the practice, although a subsequent ruling in the Al-Marri case arguably muddied the waters. 

(7) it is REDACTED consistent with U.S. law and the laws of war for the Secretary of Defense to detain Mr. Padilla as enemy combatant. Accordingly, you are directed to receive Mr. Padilla from the Department of Justice and to detain him as an enemy combatant. Federal Judges In the case of judges, there is only the remedy of impeachment for non-feasance resulting from failure to carry out the duties of the office as a consequence of old age related conditions. But, the compensation system for federal judges in the United States creates a very powerful economic incentive to retire at a reasonable retirement age by virtue of how the defined benefit pension plan works, that most judges assent to not long after reaching that age. As explained in the linked material: 

Effect of Disclosure On Classification Status 

The subsequent developments in the enemy combatant cases (some of which arose collaterally in the criminal trial of Padilla), haven't really change the relevant law. There have also been military commission cases since Padilla, but they go to the question of the proper scope and process to apply in military commissions of enemy combatants imposing some punishment beyond indefinite detention as a quasi-prisoner of war for the duration of the war on terrorism authorized by the AUMF. If information is declassified and not privileged, but is not subject to a FOIA request, then anyone who obtains it can use it in court or for any other purpose, but may have no way to compel its disclosure absent a lawsuit in which the document would be within the proper scope of a discovery obligation.