This seems to be confirmed, for England at least, by the following text on Richard II In 1212, two groups involving children embarked on crusades to the Holy Land. They are generally lumped together and known as the Children's Cruade. They were not true crusades in the sense that the pope did not call for a crusade and nor did he sanction it (or them). Kaitlin Manning notes that, previously, I am assuming that covering windows was considered a preventive measure because these doctors believed that the plague was airborne. Further west, the ability of Muslims, Christians and Jews to live together in peace up to the 10th century is well-illustrated by Spain: Source: The British Museum, 'Roman Britain' Source: Michael Reed, 'The Landscape of Britain' I also found this Rainbow Roundtable site with several references to Africans in Britain and around Britain but am wondering as to its credibility. Source: Hunt Janin & Ursula Carlson The earlier group, also led by a shepherd, Stephan of Cloyes, got to Marseilles where they boarded ships under false pretenses - they were sold into slavery. They had been advised by the French King Philip II to return home. C. M. Yonge The Story of the Christians and Moors of Spain Browsing a school book, Medieval Britain by Brenda Williams, I came across three precautions recommended by doctors to help people avoid going down with the plague. These were: This is puzzling as anyone looking through a glass bottle of water cannot help but notice magnification. There is another reason for questioning the accuracy of the article: the sentence about Romans discovering glass in the 1st century AD. However, one good example of Christian knights serving a Muslim ruler is this one If one accepts El Cid (c.1043-1099) as a knight (he was certainly a noble and and C.M. Yonge claims that he was knighted by King Ferdinand I of Leon), then he would be another example: Source: Lotroo / R. Botek; Изработено от Потребител:Lotroo (Own work) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons The Romans eventually criss-crossed this landscape with roads, beside which many villages and towns developed. These often had rectangular houses and shops fronting onto the road. I can't find any reference to any response of the Pope to this first group. Was there any, or did the pope just react to the second group (from Germany) because they turned up in the Papal States? Also, did the church take any action to prevent further groups of 'unofficial' crusades involving children? In France, it seems that Charles VI (died 1422) was the first monarch there to have his likeness captured by a contemporary artist, in 1412. It also appears that the large majority of portraits of pre-1400 monarchs such as Henry II of England and Louis VII of France were done during the 17th and 18th centuries. There are many such strange illustrations in medieval manuscripts, especially in the margins (known as marginalia). In many (maybe most) cases we simply don't know what they mean, or even if they were supposed to mean anything at all. This from Collectors Weekly: The Wikipedia page Black British also has a reference to an African in Britain, perhaps someone who was one of the many slaves in Anglo-Saxon England before the Norman conquest: There are quite a number of references to Africans in Britain during Roman times and from the early modern period onwards (e.g. Moors in the court of James IV of Scotland, Elizabeth I of England expelling Moors), but I am curious about the period in between (i.e. the middle ages). What were the reasons for this decline and why did it take so long (much longer than the Dark Ages lasted) for Europeans to become interested in lifelike portraits? When the Angles, Saxons and Jutes started to settle, the generally accepted view is By the time the Romans arrived in Britain, much of England was already deforested though there were significant regional differences (this link is a download), ranging from around 15% forested area in central England and East Anglia to around 40% in upland northern England (largely modern-day Cumbria). Farming was both arable and pastoral with most people living in Iron Age-style roundhouses, which were made of timber and thatch, dotted across the landscape of much of England. Source: Hunt Janin & Ursula Carlson, 'Mercenaries in Medieval and Renaissance Europe' Source: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/Richard_II_King_of_England.jpg Kings having mistresses and illegitimate children was nothing unusual in medieval times, but Henry outdid even the Merry Monarch Charles II. Matilda/Edith certainly knew about most of this before she married him. Am I right in assuming that she simply accepted her husband’s philandering despite (probably) a lot of gossip behind her back? The Roman road network,on the other hand, would have been evident: Note: I’m not asking why people in medieval times held strange beliefs about disease prevention and cures (basically, a lack of scientific knowledge), just why they thought the preventive measures mentioned my question would be effective. This is more or less echoed by The Finer Times (or maybe one copied the other?): Even more implausible is 2 ounces for the fleece of a sheep. According to sheep101, a fleece in the US today might weigh anything from 2 to 16 pounds (32 to 288 ounces). Even just taking the lowest figure, the difference between medieval and contemporary fleece weights seems improbable, or is at least in need of more authoritative sources.