When you have a casual game without offside, the ball movement in the field is very weird. There is not a lot of strategy filling spaces in the middle, and is very common to just put the ball as far as you can in the opponent field. This makes the game more apeling in the form that matches has a lot of goals (like in 5 vs 5 games in a reduced field), but also make it more bored, since when the defenders are very tigth to they goalkeeper, is harder to score. So the game lost a lot of balance in a big field. There where some attemps to change the rule. I can remember a younger continental championship when the rule was enforced but only inside the penalty area. That was the only test, but I remember defenders standing on that line, and not attacking because there have a lot of field to cover. According to this, the rule was always there, but was changed in time. At first, it looked a lot like rugby, because the lawn enforced all players to not be ahead of the ball. Then it change to a 3 players rule (you need 3 players in front of you to not be offside). More over here (but we are talking about a game that has 200 years or more old), the rule was enforced using 2 players. Then the line was move form behind the second player to the same line. The last thing I heard was that a board will propose change to the rule, but as far as I know, there are not any word of it. (and please correct me if i'm wrong). 

He tackles with his right foot/leg and his left leg just "is there". When you tackle you can't leave one leg behind can you? 

Players may be registered with a maximum of three clubs during one season. During this period, the player is only eligible to play offi cial matches for two clubs. As an exception to this rule, a player moving between two clubs belonging to associations with overlapping seasons (i.e. start of the season in summer/autumn as opposed to winter/spring) may be eligible to play in offi cial matches for a third club during the relevant season, provided he has fully complied with his contractual obligations towards his previous clubs. Equally, the provisions relating to the registration periods (article 6) as well as to the minimum length of a contract (article 18 paragraph 2) must be respected. 

If you look at the matches for group A, you will see that France are the home team for their first and second game. Their third game in the group stage they are considered the away team and Switzerland as home team. If there would be any conflict there considering the colors, they would be asked to use their away (or even third) kit. Which probably won't be the case for the game against Switzerland. Altough France is hosting the European Championship, that does not mean they are always considered the home team. 

I'm at work now, but I'll add in some two-legged tackles to show the difference. Marcelo's scissor tackle, you see the second leg joining rather actively 

Maybe interesting, earlier this week UEFA ordered both Barcelona and Atletico Madrid that they had to play in their away jerseys for good distinction, while they had played their league game both in their home jerseys. So UEFA might just look at the games and order the teams which kit to use as they please. 

This is just a clean tackle and good executed. Clearly goes for the ball, plays the ball and does not harm the attacker. 

So yes, two-legged tackles are illegal, but their will be always to legs present. Reason for a two-legged being illegal (besides being potentially harmfull for the opponent) is because it's difficult to go clean for the ball that way. The way Campbell tackles he has full, or as much as can while tackling, control over the ball. When you tackle with two legs it's a frontal attack on the ball rather and there's little control over what you can do with the ball.