It would be more practical to build a bike out of pure (24 carat) annealed gold than pure annealed iron or pure annealed aluminum. 

Technically rust is limited to iron. What is bad is the rust starts and continues. The water / oxidizing agent is not consumed. 

If it does die if you don't need a folder you can find decent used bikes for $400. 

Jump bikes but you see you see riders come down hard on the top tube. You state you have been riding with a longer post. Have you monitored the cracks to see if they are growing? 

Remove unit Loosen pinch bolts Use the bolt (shown in video) to put proper compression on headset bearings Tighten pinch bolts Re-install GPS unit Mainly I suggest you start with a seat tube based unit. If you install a rigid then it will be suspension corrected. There will be a gap above the wheel to the fork so it is the same length as a suspension fork. Aluminum fatigues and steel does not fatigue. As stated in a comment steel does fatigue - well not always. Mild steel will not normally admit fatigue crack growth if the applied stresses are below about 10% of the strength of the material. Materials, such as aluminium alloys, do not have any such fatigue limit. If a cyclic load is applied, aluminium alloys will always fatigue. For the same strength a steel bike is typically going to be heavier than aluminum. But you get a bike that is much much less susceptible to fatigue. With steel you also get a bike that will take a ding (dent) and not compromise structural strength to the extent of aluminum. Not exactly the same thing but at the molecular level they are related. Frame Materials Your seat stem might also have corrosion problems caused by galling between the metal seat tube and seat post to the point where it'll be impossible to remove or adjust the seat height. You will want to remove it and put some grease or other anti-seize lubricant on it. While the aluminum frame itself will be relatively ok, the problem will be your bottom bracket (almost certainly made in part of steel) which was most probably sitting in a big puddle of water. Even if the water didn't cause the bearings to rust, a freezing/melting cycle can cause damage to the bearings themselves, force lubricants out, and otherwise mess-up the bottom bracket. You should be able to bring over most of your previous components. However, be aware that bottom bracket sizes/types have changed considerably, the caliper distance (reach) and mounting style of brakes have changed, and there are peculiarities to seat tube and front forks based on country and year. Thus, unless you are replacing an early 1990s Italian road frame with an early 1990s Italian road frame (for example), you may find limited component capability. Pedals for almost all recent bikes (except some cheap BSOs and children's bikes) are standardized thread so those will come over fine. 

Since it's a metal bike, sanding it down won't hurt it and if it is a crack, your bike is toast anyway. Aluminum frames can't affordably rewelded like a steel frame. After the final layer had dried, apply the clear coat. The only way to know for sure (unless you have access to an X-ray machine or ultrasonic tester from your side job ... say at Boeing or Airbus) is to take the paint off and see if it's a surface scratch or deep crack. 

Jump bikes but you see you see riders come down hard on the top tube. 

If you look at the full resolution it is clear. BS is center to center (head to seat) along the (sloped) top tube. Since the seat tube is slanted that is a shorter distance. Geomemtry C2C 

A serial number may not slow them down from stealing it but it sure slows down selling it, aids in recovery, and help convict criminals. 

All we know is your last aluminum, high quality, strong frame bike lasted about 10 years Aluminum fatigues and steel does not fatigue. As stated in a comment steel does fatigue - well not always. Mild steel will not normally admit fatigue crack growth if the applied stresses are below about 10% of the strength of the material. Materials, such as aluminium alloys, do not have any such fatigue limit. If a cyclic load is applied, aluminium alloys will always fatigue. For the same strength a steel bike is typically going to be heavier than aluminum. But you get a bike that is much much less susceptible to fatigue. With steel you also get a bike that will take a ding (dent) and not compromise structural strength to the extent of aluminum. Not exactly the same thing but at the molecular level they are related. Frame Materials After the final layer had dried, apply the clear coat. While the aluminum frame itself will be relatively ok, the problem will be your bottom bracket (almost certainly made in part of steel) which was most probably sitting in a big puddle of water. Even if the water didn't cause the bearings to rust, a freezing/melting cycle can cause damage to the bearings themselves, force lubricants out, and otherwise mess-up the bottom bracket. If your bike is of recent make, the manufacturer or your local bike store (LBS) can get touch up paint in the right color. Again, you might want to inquire with the manufacturer what you need to do to maintain your frame warranty. 

The only way to know for sure (unless you have access to an X-ray machine or ultrasonic tester from your side job ... say at Boeing or Airbus) is to take the paint off and see if it's a surface scratch or deep crack. If you want to use tape, then you want to use what's commonly called "helicopter tape" (or "racing tape" or "repair tape") by car customizers. It looks like transparent packing tape but is much stronger. The story goes that the tape was used to cover the leading edge of helicopter blades to protect them. So it's tough, waterproof, and won't easily peel. And when you do have to peel it off, it comes off relatively cleanly (the remainder cleans up with GooGone or similar removal liquid). If the protector was epoxied on, then it is very hard to take off without damaging the finish. Since it's a metal bike, sanding it down won't hurt it and if it is a crack, your bike is toast anyway. Aluminum frames can't affordably rewelded like a steel frame.