The only exception is if your birthday is February 29th. Then you need to know that the 29th is not actually the leap day, the 25th is! So in non-leap years your birthday is Feb 28th, not March 1st. If your birthday is on the actual leap day (25th) then I guess the 26th will do as birthday in non-leap years. 

In the beginning, newborns can't make any sense at all of what they're seeing. They have no depth perception so everything is two-dimensional, and they only really perceive things that are very close to their face. They also are also much better at seeing dark/light contrasts than colors (ThinkGeek.com used to sell a high-contrast mobile). 

Some of the other answers seem to address older children. I'm focusing on infants as per the question. 

Yes, TV is harmful to an infant because it overstimulates. 

Just choose what you like best and stick with that. I would choose the n'th of the month and say my birthday is on the 18th, because that's the easiest for everybody. 

A TV screen is very active. This fast-paced activity should be avoided so as to not overload the mental processing capacity of the infant. While you're right that moving patterns and sounds are good stimulation for infants, such inputs need to be much slower than what a TV provides. 

Think about baby talk: facial expressions are usually positive and exaggerated. Pitch varies more than in ADS. It is more interesting to the baby to look at (more variation in visual cues) and it teaches something about social interaction. Vocabulary is more limited,sentence structure is shorter and more repetitive, allowing easier learning of phonemes, etc.3: 

This is just my fallible opinion, but I'd approach it something like this: 

Furthermore, IDS is exaggerated, meaning vowel sounds are easier to pick out: 

He has a doctor's appointment at 24 months, and if he has fallen off the chart on anything, talk to your doctor then. He may be an early bloomer in some areas and a late bloomer in others. 

I can't think of any risk in this normal behavior (yes, this qualifies as normal) in a normal baby (contrast this to children who engage in abnormal activity, e.g. head-banging, who are putting themselves at risk). 

On the other hand, one of my other children professed (at 7) his admiration for a crush, and the parents not only called us in alarm, but forbade the little girl from talking to him in the future. It was a valuable (and somewhat painful) lesson all around. Boundaries need to be respected. 

As you can see (I've added the arrows at 22 months), by now he's delayed if he doesn't know 6 words (any words. "maa, daa, baa (bottle), no, etc. They all count.) He should be able to point out two things that you're reading to him or showing him (of all the pages, not on every page). If he points to a doggie and a cow, you're all set for that one. If he doesn't, he has 2 more months to pick up that skill before it's considered abnormal. If he knows any body parts ("Where are your hands? Show me!" "Where's your nose/mouth/head/(anything), he's good. If he occasionally combines 2 words ("Maa, no"), he's good. Note the top box: "speech half-understandable". 

This is a trick question. Each month does not consist of a whole (integer) number of weeks, except February, or equal number of days. 

What you're seeing is probably the fact that the eyesight is not fully developed at birth, because proper eyesight as we know it takes several months to develop. 

Some of the other answers seem to address older children. I'm focusing on infants as per the question. 

Counting weeks is only relevant for infants, when you see the pediatrician. He'll know anyway, so don't bother about that. Once the child is 8 weeks old, switch to counting months. Once he's 24 months old, switch to counting (half) years. 

Good visual stimulation for infants can be provided using mobiles that hang above their crib. Infants only have black/white vision the first 6 months, so the mobiles need to have distinct shapes and contrasting patterns (dots, spirals, lines, etc.). Later, colors are important too. 

Here are some outdoor ideas, off the top of my head. I've tried focusing on stuff that's special in some way, something that he might not have had opportunity to experience before. These ideas are slightly biased toward what I think would be cool things in Australia (esp. diving), but I realize that down under is a big place so you might not be near the ocean, for example. 

So I would avoid putting an infant in a position where she can see the TV screen, even partially or in the corner of the eye. Place the baby facing away from the screen (facing you!) instead. 

A TV screen is very active. This fast-paced activity should be avoided so as to not overload the mental processing capacity of the infant. While you're right that moving patterns and sounds are good stimulation for infants, such inputs need to be much slower than what a TV provides.