As Kant--no stranger to reasoning--points out, the consequentialist view assumes that one can predict the outcome of one's action beforehand and with perfect, or shall we say, "divine" accuracy. The assumption is that your violation of the divine command will save the person you are hiding and attain the best "moral" outcome overall. This is a purely inductive assumption based, indeed, on a single unique case. Who is to make the determinations of each exceptional case? Given the circumstantial pressures, is the aggregate of such individual exceptions more reliable than the presumably traditional or "divine" law? 

So while the answers concerning the "accident fallacy" are correct, the assertions on the website can arguably, from a Kantian perspective, be deemed fallacious and "not based in evidence." In less obvious cases, and most cases are not at all obvious, this is not a trivial or merely fundamentalist reply. 

Moreover, In2 has implied that there is some blackbox "reason" for B2, assuming they are two agents "reasoning" with one another. She implies that new evidence arose as time passed. By the principle of sufficient reason, there should indeed be some "reason" for the appearance of the new belief B2. Since In1 and In2 are already "reasoning," there is a non-negligible chance that she may have some "valid reason" for the new B2. 

Now In2 proposes B1 + B2 - B1 = B2. She has effectively doubled the number of possible beliefs and then negated one. Even if she gives no good reason, In1 now has 50% less reason to believe only B1. In information terms, the number of possibilities to be rationally reduced to "certainty" has doubled. "To assume any law, even divine, applies to every person, in every time, in every situation, even though not explicitly stated, is an assumption not grounded in evidence, and fallacious reasoning." While machines can clearly alter the nature of work and redistribute labor, can they globally "replace" labor? All other arguments aside, doesn't this ultimately violate the laws of entropy? After all, "life" is the only "perpetual motion machine," and without humans all machines would quickly cease to output "work." Ideally self-perpetuating machinery like the Von Neumann Replicator or Maxwell's Demon remain mathematical and "frictionless." An alternative approach is to observe that the prevailing model does a poor job of predicting experimental results, scratch together a theory, and state "The results of pea plant crossings is well modeled using the model, Rules L." At this point, no statement of ontological truth is made, just an empirical announcement that this model fits the data so far. Over time, if no better model comes forth, people may elect to change the phrasing to "The model is true," not because any additional evidence had come forth, but simply because it is convenient to think that way. This may be very unsatisfying mathematically, but linguistically it captures how ideas evolve, simplify, and are passed on to new generations. 

The question is actually a fundamental and nuanced point of science. It goes from "this looks like it might be a good way to think about things" to "this is how things are." The way one thinks about that transition varies by time period. Because of the way you are phrasing the question, I have a feeling the modern scientific approach is the most meaningful, so I will do it first. It also presumes that an explanation one's actions has to be necessary and sufficient, rather than merely a way to convey information. The best success I have had is taking a slightly different tack. Instead of arguing "Bigfoot does not exist," I argue that acting on the belief that Bigfoot exists is counterproductive. By adding a layer of action on top of the belief, there is room to make arguments that would be impossible if I simply targeted the belief itself. 

Note 2. I am having a temporary Java-script issue preventing use of "Comments," so may comment or inquire about answers later. As far as I recall, this was not the kind of issue raised in, say, Quine's "Two Dogmas of Empiricism," nor would it seem to me be readily fixed by adding temporal conditions to an entire proposition. "To assume any law, even divine, applies to every person, in every time, in every situation, even though not explicitly stated, is an assumption not grounded in evidence, and fallacious reasoning." Moreover, In2 has implied that there is some blackbox "reason" for B2, assuming they are two agents "reasoning" with one another. She implies that new evidence arose as time passed. By the principle of sufficient reason, there should indeed be some "reason" for the appearance of the new belief B2. Since In1 and In2 are already "reasoning," there is a non-negligible chance that she may have some "valid reason" for the new B2. Now In2 proposes B1 + B2 - B1 = B2. She has effectively doubled the number of possible beliefs and then negated one. Even if she gives no good reason, In1 now has 50% less reason to believe only B1. In information terms, the number of possibilities to be rationally reduced to "certainty" has doubled. 

While I agree generally with all of the above observations, and find such arguments generally annoying, they can have a certain rational force in certain circumstances, and I am wondering why. As Kant--no stranger to reasoning--points out, the consequentialist view assumes that one can predict the outcome of one's action beforehand and with perfect, or shall we say, "divine" accuracy. The assumption is that your violation of the divine command will save the person you are hiding and attain the best "moral" outcome overall. This is a purely inductive assumption based, indeed, on a single unique case. Who is to make the determinations of each exceptional case? Given the circumstantial pressures, is the aggregate of such individual exceptions more reliable than the presumably traditional or "divine" law? 

At the same time, this very example is historically not the case. Since "marriage" was once quite strictly defined as a sacrament between a man and a woman, we now have any number of "married bachelors."