As a result, while the Maori were eventually overwhelmed, they were not shattered like the Native Americans and the Australian Aborigines. They retained some power, and today make up 15% of the population of New Zealand. Three reasons are cited (and one which is my own speculation). The helmet can block vision or get snagged. This one is my own speculation. If the helmet gets snagged, I'd rather it fell off than get snagged with it. If the helmet falls over my eyes, I want to get rid of it quick. 

An explosive concussion can blow your helmet off, snapping your neck. That might seem ridiculous, but it seems plausible enough that the US Army redesigned the chin strap to release at a certain pressure, the T-1 pressure buckle. Part of the problem is "colony" is a floaty term. I think there's at least three basic ways a country dominates land: Missouri and Iowa's borders depended on a line drawn from "the rapids of the River Des Moines", there are a lot of rapids on the Des Moines River, or "the Des Moines rapids" on the Mississippi River depending on who you asked. The difference was a 30 mile strip of land running the length of the Missouri/Iowa border. The palace grounds were fired upon. A single Zanzibar naval vessel was sunk when it fired at the British fleet. Surrender was accepted 38 minutes later. The British landed troops to help put out the fire and patrol the streets. The sultan fled to the German consulate who escorted him out of the country. If we look at the pace of war in Europe, major wars between major powers, you see constant warfare up until the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. And then it, for the most part, stops. There's a period of 40 years without a major European war, an entire generation. Pretty successful. The desire to end to ruinous wars brought about successful diplomatic achievements such as the Congress of Berlin to "stabilize" the Balkans (meaning to carving them up to the satisfaction of the major powers), and the League of the Three Emperors; an on-again/off-again alliance between Germany, Russia, and Austria-Hungary to secure Germany's eastern flank and try to control conflicts of Russian and Austro-Hungarian ambitions in the Balkans. Of course, why had Denmark-Norway signed this treaty with Russia in the first place? Well, that certainly had something to do with power. It's an issue of ultimate versus proximate causes. 

The Romans would accept and raise the highborn of allied tribes, hoping to Romanize their future leaders and cement their political and military relationships. Maroboduus was a ward of Augustus. Later, as king of the Marcomanni, he organized a confederation of tribes to defend against Rome. 

With Fort Bowyer captured, the British prepared to march on Mobile itself. They postponed their attack upon receiving news of the Treaty of Ghent, and they withdrew from the area altogether when they learned that the American Senate had ratified the treaty on February 16. * There were some isolated skirmishes between American forces and British-allied Native Americans after peace had been declared, but these were of less significance. It may be the German V-3, with a maximum range of 165 km. It was destroyed before it could be fired, although several experimental models were used in Luxembourg in 1944-1945. After the war, a U.S.-Canadian group revived the V-3, hoping to use it as a cheap weay to launch objects into space. According to this military history site: 

The British, realizing the vulnerability of the Gulf coast, sailed away from New Orleans to American-occupied Spanish-owned Mobile Bay. The Second Battle of Fort Bowyer (February 7-12, 1815) was the last land battle between the British and Americans.* It was the beginning of a British campaign to take Mobile from the Americans. Despite Jackson's boast that "ten thousand men cannot take it," the fort surrendered to the British after a five-day siege. Part of the problem is "colony" is a floaty term. I think there's at least three basic ways a country dominates land: The native Americans had just undergone an apocalypse, new European diseases had wiped out most of their population. This, combined with not being as advanced in warfare, meant they could be easily subjugated. If we look at the pace of war in Europe, major wars between major powers, you see constant warfare up until the Franco-Prussian War of 1870. And then it, for the most part, stops. There's a period of 40 years without a major European war, an entire generation. Pretty successful. The desire to end to ruinous wars brought about successful diplomatic achievements such as the Congress of Berlin to "stabilize" the Balkans (meaning to carving them up to the satisfaction of the major powers), and the League of the Three Emperors; an on-again/off-again alliance between Germany, Russia, and Austria-Hungary to secure Germany's eastern flank and try to control conflicts of Russian and Austro-Hungarian ambitions in the Balkans. In short, colonization and empire is rarely a deliberate government act. It usually begins as a for-profit venture by private citizens or chartered companies and generates so much money for the home country the entire government gets sucked in. 

The dominoes were all set up. After Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated by Serbians, these dominoes teetered. War was not inevitable, and careful negotiation had saved the day before, but Austria-Hungary had ambitions in the Balkans. They gave the dominoes a knock by demanding humiliating terms of Serbia that Serbia could not possibly accept. Germany goaded Austria-Hungary on, eager to deal with an unprepared Russia, and promised their full support.