If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings shall be determined as follows: 

After the question was amended: Note there is no such thing as “active” and “passive [offside] position” in the Laws of the Game, those are just jargon terms. For an offside to be called, the player must be “involved in active play” by one of the three exactly defined activities listed above. We are talking about the last point in this case. And, in the official interpretation of the Laws of the Game (p. 102), it is defined thus: 

The referees obviously decided the Irish player has played the ball, therefore, this was not an offside. And I would say this was a correct decision, given the time it took the ball to pass through the defense line – it was not a quick rebound, the ball stopped there for a second. (But I could not find a close-up video of what exactly the Irish player did with the ball.) On the 2012 FIVB Congress, new rules valid from 2013 (but see update below) were approved; probably the most visible change is going to be the change regarding the reception of service. 

However, UEFA (the European football association) uses a different system in its competitions, where results from the matches between the teams concerned are given more importance than the results from the rest of the group matches (plus, there are more auxiliary criteria when everything else fails). See e.g. the official Regulations of the UEFA European Football Championship 2012 which state in the rule 8.07: 

Jelavić did not obstruct anyone’s line of vision or movements, and he definitely did not deceive/distract the opponent, since the Irish defense probably did not see him at all. Update: The changes has been incorporated into the new official ruleset: See Rules of the Game 2013-2016 i. When a skater is assessed a minor and misconduct penalty at the same time, the penalized team must immediately put an additional skater in the penalty box to serve the minor penalty. No substitution of this skater is allowed in on-ice manpower. At the expiration of that penalty, the teammate may leave the penalty box but the skater who committed the infractions must remain in the penalty box to serve the misconduct penalty. The same logic applies when a player is assessed a minor and misconduct penalty at the same time: Generally, a player with a misconduct penalty waits in the penalty box until the next stoppage of play (his team is not short-handed during those 10 minutes of his penalty, it’s just that he personally is not allowed to play). But when the player receives a minor penalty as well, another player needs to sit in the penalty box to be able to return after two minutes (while the penalized player stays in the box to serve the whole misconduct penalty). These are perfect examples of cases where touching the net is not a fault. The current net-touch rules are constructed so that almost no inadvertent net touches are faults. 

Which leaves us with the last option debated above. None of the three points was fulfilled, therefore, no offside. 

(Also, note that there are more infractions penalized by a bench minor penalty other than just Too Many Men, even though this is probably the most common; another example is a penalty for a second violation of faceoff procedures at the same faceoff.) 

And, there is an additional interesting rule 8.08 (which is a recent addition): 

Cf. also cases 3.10.2 and 3.30 in the Volleyball Casebook: Update: The application of the new overhand reception rule has been postponed following the Board of Administration decision of April 5, 2013, and is therefore not used currently. 13.2.3: A back-row player may also complete an attack hit from the front zone, if at the moment of the contact a part of the ball is lower than the top of the net.