What will make of our child if the Nikah was not valid? (Illegitimate?) - since i think your nikah is valid i do not answer. when moon becomes visible, or visible by calculation, if there are clouds, first time, i think, it may be at any place of earth, randomly. what happens then: as spot of sunshine moves from east to west on surface of earth, as sun moves from east to west, the sunset band/stripe moves together with the spot, as it is an edge of the spot. so, new hijri date appears at this band, and, as sunset goes more and more to west, more and more people can see new moon at that places, so new date, new month zone grows westward. 

1) wali should be present in any nikah and wali should say whether he agree with nikah or not; i do not know rulings of mazhabs and i think this this way: Is there any hadith about giving meaningful or meaningless names? 

http://sunnah.com/tirmidhi/11/22 : Abu Musa narrated that : the Messenger of Allah said: "There is no marriage except with a Wali." i think probably imam has done according his knowledge or even according to rulings of a mazhab , so probably he does not think himself sinful because they think they should just follow a mazhab. 

Was the Nikah valid? - yes, because you did no have knowledge and followed a person with more islamic knowledge, it is ok due to a quran ayat. additionally, even if wali was needed, as in my opinion, and as you think/afraid it might be, he could not force you to marry or not to marry, you just could follow your wali's opinion by yourself. Do not think that somebody is going to give a meaningless name to child, just I have seen some meaningless Chinese smartphone producer company names and have thought about how that would be regarded/rated from point of view of Islam, (at least if Muslim companies had meaningless names). 

How the first visibility of Moon happens: every day Sun moves on the sky from east to west , and in end of Hijri month Moon is located a little westward from Sun, in northern hemisphere: for example, see Moon at 2015-09-11 (1436 Thul-Qedah 27): (this and other images are screenshots of Stellarium). and in some day Sun catch up with Moon and they are located on one vertical line with another, this is very short period, ( and at that time Moon is not visible, because its crescent is very small) and then Moon goes to left , i.e. to east side of Sun: for example, Moon at 2015-09-14 (1436 Thul-Qedah 30): . (So, Moon moves slower than Sun, on the hemisphere/visible sky). 

what you found recently is about wali, not about wakil. wakil is not always required, only in few cases. wakil represents, wali patronizes. 

i have checked position of moon at southern hemisphere at evening of september 13 at nearly same meridian with my location, and moon is located upper than sun, and sun sets earlier than moon. so moon may be visible. should not that time be used by me, if it was visible there? - i think, if i was more east from sunshine spot, then not, but if i was on sunshine spot or on its edge of sunset, then yes, even if i did not see moon in my location, because, days are counted by sunshine spot moving, not by moon visibility area moving, and if i know that somebody somewhere in this same evening at same time has seen the moon, i (am going to) use it. i have checked it once more and i see that moon was less than 3 degrees upper than sun at evening of september 13, 2015, near madagaskar (ie nearly at utc+3 zone as me, but in southern hemisphere of earth). as i know, 3 degree of distance is not counted as distance at which moon can be visible, for example, see moon visibility maps here: http://moonsighting.com/1436zhj.html . 

At beginning of new month Moon also is not visible at day and not visible at night, but visible at just before sunset, because Sun sets earlier than Moon: for example, see sunset at 2015-09-14 (1436 end of Thul-Qedah 30 / beginning of Thul-Hijjah 1): , and at beginning of new month Moon is not visible at sunrise, because Sun rises earlier than Moon. 

for example, how long it is visible after sunset at september 14 at my location: it sets nearly after 15 minutes after sun. i have watched/checked it with stellarium . and at sunset of september 13 sun sets later than moon, even though moon is a little eastward from sun, because sun is a little upward from moon and moon sets earlier than sun. 

What can I do or how can I repent? - i think you need not to repent or do anything else now. if you do not think it useless time spending, maybe you can make nikah second time just to make yourself more secure from sins?! but probably you should just ask allah to forgive you for that you did not asked for source texts for nikah? http://sunnah.com/tirmidhi/11/29 : Ibn Abbas narrated that: The Messenger of Allah said: "The matron has more right to herself than her Wali, and the virgin is to give permission for herself, and her silence is her permission." 3) if bride is a virgin and she is shy she has not to say aloud that she is agree to the marriage and her opinion is stronger than opinion of her wali only if she does not agree (if she agree but wali does not, she cannot marry).