On a side note, I think that the injury bit is relevant, though I suspect it's only because the odds of scoring are so low already. NFL teams have injury risks on every play, so it doesn't really make sense to try a play when you don't need to AND it won't give you a benefit. I think it would be hard to prove that coaches use this reason for kneel downs without asking them; but Bill Barnwell in the many Thank You For Not Coaching articles since 2013 certainly thinks it's relevant, and if he does, that's good enough for me. 

Then in 1953 this was outlawed, allowing only one sub per play, partly in order to reduce the cost of fielding a team. This was changed in 1964 to return to allowing two-platoon football, which is what we basically know today. 

This is generally answerable considering the probability of winning given the coin toss; I haven't seen anyone modelling specifically the chance of taking the opening kick for a TD. That's because that is not the only factor at hand in the overtime consideration; a proper evaluation needs to consider the entirety of the outcomes of overtime in order to evaluate whether it favors the receiving team. 

Invalid fair catch signal is clarified up in Rule 2 (Definitions), Section 8 (Fair Catch): 

A Team A loss-of-down penalty is accepted (Rule 8-3-3-c-2). Before a change of team possession, a Team A player fumbles and the ball is caught or recovered by any Team A player other than the fumbler. There is no Team A score (A.R. 8-3-2-VIII). 

ARTICLE 2. A try is an opportunity for either team to score one or two points while the game clock is stopped after a touchdown. It is a special interval in the game which, for purposes of penalty enforcement only, includes both a down and the “ready’’ period that precedes it. 

I would say that Wide Receiver is the second easiest to guess, in large part because the potential true superstars are due to physical elements (height and weight, and speed). Calvin Johnson and AJ Green are very obvious physical specimens who were clearly stars coming out of college. On the other hand, the star WR from the last draft class was Odell Beckham, who was drafted fifth out of the (very deep) WR class. WRs who aren't physical specimens are hard to separate from their team and the opposing defenses: is a WR who sprints downfield and catches touchdowns just better than mediocre CBs, or has a QB who throws the ball in just the right place? Or is it his personal skill? It's difficult to separate those things, so it's hard to say how good the WR is. QBs throw to several different receivers, so at least that can be teased out some; the WR is likely to only have one QB throwing to him, unless he plays for Ohio State. 

Until 2002, the Super Bowl was always played in January, and the Winter Olympics almost always begins in February. Now that the Super Bowl is played in February, the events are closer. Since 2002, the Winter Olympic Opening Ceremonies has been scheduled for a Friday, and the Super Bowl is always scheduled for Sunday. In addition, since both the Super Bowl and the Olympic Opening Ceremonies are worldwide television events, it is unlikely that they would ever schedule both events for the same day. 

If we say that a home Super Bowl would be one that takes place in the same metro area as a team, then two teams have had a home Super Bowl. 

Loud crowd noise can disrupt any of these communications. 

These stats only include teams that are currently in the NFL. However, in the early years of the NFL, there were lots of teams that no longer exist, many of whom ended their NFL franchise with a lower percentage than the Buccaneers currently hold. 

For college, this statistic is explained in the NCAA Football Statisticians' Manual. Kick return statistics are defined in Section 8. From the 2016 edition: 

Unless the player is injured, the player could physically get up on their own; if they couldn't, there is no way they would be in physical shape enough to play the game. Nearly every play in football, however, ends with someone laying down on the field. At the end of the play, the players still standing typically offer a hand to help the ones that are down, even if they are on the other team.