We are not normally in the business of discussing user history. In this case, only part of the story was told, so I feel that full disclosure is warranted. Discussion What other statistics would you like to see for Careers? What metrics would be helpful to you in measuring the effectiveness of your CV? I sometimes wish those questions were appropriate for Stack Overflow, because they're pretty neat questions. You can learn a lot about the innards of your favorite framework, and invariably someone neat like Eric Lippert comes along and blows your mind. If we kept questions open because of what might happen, the inmates would indeed be running the asylum. It all comes down to respecting the time of people who answer. If a question doesn't show that respect, I'm more likely to downvote it or to close it. It's not about effort, it's about respect. Only flag for moderator attention if you believe a post is an exceptional case. In this case, this question has no exceptional quality. First Closure I closed your question the first time for the following reason: On a similar note, the inbox has a worse contrast than the achievement list. I see the reputation thingy tick away with three characters (soon 4) in bright green that seems poised to assault me, while the inbox is usually a lonesome digit and is in a darkish shade of red that seems to try to stay lurking in its dark alley. “the rules” → “all the rules”. Saying that new users don't have to know any rule won't go well. Linkify “Contact Us” in the text? The full stop goes at the end of the sentence, after the closing parenthesis. The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination. The post, while well written, was still a blog post searching for an answer that cannot possibly come given the parameters, and in that state would undoubtedly result in extended discussion, subjective answers, and nothing canonical to show for it. All in all, it would just be another excuse for people to post their favorite navel-gazing question. (Adding reasons as they come in...) We are not normally in the business of discussing user history. In this case, only part of the story was told, so I feel that full disclosure is warranted. Essentially, if a post is going to cause serious issues that can't be handled through the community, flag it for us. Otherwise, let the community do its thing. Vote to close, downvote, whatever. First Closure I closed your question the first time for the following reason: It's pretty standard to have something like one of the three following headers for a job on your CV: Could editing it just to improve the code be a better idea than flagging it? The link to the inbox, which I use very often, is about 35 pixels wide and awkwardly located in a middling location. The full stop goes at the end of the sentence, after the closing parenthesis. Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. I don't think that boasting here sets the right tone. “the rules” → “all the rules”. Saying that new users don't have to know any rule won't go well. Is there any reason for retaining the page tag, at least temporarily, that I've missed? Otherwise, the tag should be removed and blacklisted. Copy editing You're using hyphens as a clause-separating punctuation. These should be em dashes. I'm unsure about the achievements button (which also has an unrecognizable graphic — is that a bar chart? What does this have to do with achievements?) since I don't know yet what use that list is.