The meaning of "Love one another" when used, quite frequently, in the Gospel and Epistles of John, can be found in John 13:34-35: Based on the evidence of Philo and Luke, among others, it is not inconceivable that Jesus is omniscient whereas Wisdom was not, and only judges or infers things to come (Wisdom 8:8). 

When the Old Testament speaks of "neighbour" it speaks of Jews, as opposed to Gentiles. So, when Leviticus 19:18 says to love your neighbour, it means other Jews, but not outsiders: When Paul said "Love one another" in 1 Thessalonians 4:9 he seems to mean the same as "Love your neighbour" meant, as explained above, with no suggestion that non-Christians were expected to notice the display of affection. The Book of Hebrews speaks of Melchisedec 9 times (5:6,10; 6:20; 7:1,10,11,15,17,21) and in each case it is to inform us that Jesus is made a priest in the order of Melchisedec. The theology of Hebrews is strange, but no more so than in its portrayal of Jesus as a priest in the order of Melchisedec. The filioque clause that now forms part of the Nicene Creed, states that the Holy Spirit comes from the Father and from the Son [Jesus]. I think this clause requires some serious mental gymnastics to read from Hebrews that Melchisedec is the Holy Spirit. 

The first New Testament gospel to be written was Mark's Gospel, so Timothy Keller (King's Cross: The Story of the World in the Life of Jesus) looks to Mark for an explanation. He says that Mark has deliberately laid out his account using language that is parallel, almost identical, to that in Jonah. Although Jesus is not tossed into the sea, as was Jonah, he says that Mark is showing that the stories are not actually different when you stand back a bit. 

Matthew then says that just as anger can lead to killing, so also lust can lead to adultery. He says that anyone who looks at a woman with lust has already committed adultery in his heart. In spite of Christian tradition, this oracle could probably be linked to the birth of a royal baby in Isaiah 9:5-6: 

So, in real life: hold your temper and avoid inflaming a situation, particularly if you may be in the wrong. Note that this is equally true whether your opponent is taking you to court or simply in dispute with you. In the second example, do not lust after a woman if this would result in adultery, because your very thoughts are adulterous. 

We know that Jesus is equated with the Logos (Word) in John's Gospel. Burton L. Mack says in Who Wrote the New Testament, page 264, that according to Philo, a Jew of the Alexandrian diaspora, Logos was God's son, through whom the world was created as a rational and ordered universe. Philo taught that the Logos was born of mother Wisdom and, appearing in the world, was the agent through whom the great leaders of Israel learned what God expected of them. 

The Cambridge Ancient History Volume III Part 2, page 395, says the Book of Daniel is generally considered to be a historically unreliable compilation of the second century BCE. Two of the historical errors in the Book of Daniel were to describe to Darius "the Mede" as the son of Xerxes and as the king who conquered Babylon, at the age of sixty two (18 years before he overthrew Smerdis and really became king): As @fredsbend has said, each group has their own "go to" theologians that they lean on heavily, at least for theological interpretations. Because of this, you would need to specify a denomination or group that uses a particular source or foundational texts as a guide to interpreting the Bible from a theological perspective. 

Melchisedec is first mentioned in Genesis 14:18, where he is the King of Salem and priest of the most high God. Again, it is not traditional to think of the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity, as merely a priest of God. Melchisedec can not be the Holy Spirit. 

Through the eyes of her lover, we learn in chapter 4 how beautiful the female singer is and how earnestly he loves her. The last two lines are again from the girl, who (4:16) invites him into her ‘garden’ to enjoy her fruits. He lover responds in 5:1 – “I have come to my garden,” calling her sister and spouse. 

John Shelby Spong says, in Jesus for the NonReligious, page 113, says that Mark transferred the Sukkoth traditions from autumn to the Passover season and adapted them to the Palm Sunday story. Mark 11:8-9 tells us: 

Hebrews 7:3 speaks of Melchisedec in terms that could at first read like divinity: without father, without mother, without descent, having neither beginning of days, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son of God. The NAB footnote to this passge explains: 

Hahn, Mitch and Walters (Gospel of Matthew: Ignatius Study Bible, page 38) describe Jesus as the new Jonah, not only because he calmed a storm but even more so because his three days in a whale prefigured Jesus' three days in the tomb. Among the next generation, Sidon was the firstborn of Canaan, representing the Canaanite city of Sidon.