• Education in school and university • Arts • Science • Techology • Politics • Economics • Jurisprudence • Religion. Concerning the history of philosophy, Descartes was educated in Scholastic thinking but made a fresh start to free himself from Scholastic theories and to follow the paradigm of mathematics. One can discuss whether this change was even a revolution in the sense of Kuhn. Nevertheless one can easily find passages where Descartes stays in the realm of scholastic thinking, e.g., emphazising the importance of God in his epistemology. At this time metaphysics existed since more than 2.000 years as the core discipline of philosophy. Hence Kant wrote his Critique of Pure Reason to lay down a secure fundament for metaphysics. History shows that also Kant’s transcendental philosophy did not elevate metaphysics to the state of a mature scientific discipline. The constructive part of his critique, the claim for knowledge which is synthetically a priori, is highly debated – on the field of pure reason as well as on the field of practical reason. Did Kant’s opus magnum improve the situation? Nevertheless Descartes has a certain impact on present academic philosophy: What makes up “our culture”? I assume you mean the Western culture, as prominent in Europe, in USA and in Canada. Besides philosophy I consider fundamental components of this culture Concerning your second question: In a literal sense there is nothing to explain to a layman, because Kant did not have a deep influence on Western culture. Nevertheless, I strongly recommend to the layman to read the original text of Kant's essay on enlightenment. And to ask himself: Today, which steps should I take on my way to further enlightenment? The whole passage seems to me a rather superficial comparison between political events and revolutions in science. Kant has nearly no influence on science. His understanding of Newtonian physics as based on synthetical a priori statements is outdated. In addition, I do not know about any Kantian influence on later technology. So far my answer to your first question: Kant has a tremendous impact on philosophical thinking up until now. But outside philosophy his influence on Western culture is limited in comparison to contemporaries like Goethe, Schiller, the composers of Wiener Klassik and also in comparison with later political thinkers like Marx or Popper. 1) In Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science Kant writes in 1783: Part II of Descartes’ Discours de la Mèthode (1637) contains a short introduction to academic research and writing which is still valid today. Greek Literature: Homer’s Iliad and Odyssey deal with the questions Who are we? and Where are we from? Homer dates to the 8th century BCE. But his works incorporate much older hymns about gods and humans. The question How does the world work? is the subject of the Ionian philosophers of nature. The first known is Thales born in the 7th century BCE. It is well known that the essay was also his swan song in this discipline. After publication his reputation as classical philologists was ruined and Nietzsche started his career as philosoph. Later Nietzsche added a second preface entitled Attempt of self-criticis (German: Versuch einer Selbstkritik) where he pulls the book to pieces.