Chat rooms can now be tagged! You can add tags to a chat room while editing the description. This is more for the scoped chat rooms for sites like Stack Overflow that have such. It allows linking between the tag on the site and the corresponding chat room to be much easier. One problem, though, is that tags are... slightly permanent. Once a room has tags, it cannot have tags removed unless at least one tag remains. So if it only has one tag, that tag cannot be removed, it can only be replaced. If it has more than one tag, you may remove as many tags as needed as long as you leave at least one remaining. This has caused a lot of general, not-really-tag-worthy rooms to be stuck with tags, however pointless they may be. It would be better that we be able to remove all tags from a room if there is no reason to truly associate tags with the room. This is not a retag request, this is merely an inquiry as to preferred protocol. Especially in meta where we discuss the mechanics of the Trilogy, we end up with a lot of tags like [votes] and [voting] separately. But we are kinda divided on which version we prefer. A small sampling below... If a tag wiki becomes inaccessible due to a tag being eliminated, is the data destroyed? Or would it be able to be recovered by just recreating the tag? Please do not fill the flag queue with tag requests. Here is a much better and quicker alternative: It's likely a user with sufficient privileges will run across your question before a moderator responds to your flag. Let the community help you! The tag badges have requirements for score and number of answers, whereas that ranking is purely based on score only. There are plenty of users who have a higher score than you in the tag but have not posted enough answers in it to qualify for the badge. Your query also includes questions, which do not contribute to tag badges at all. So if a user only ever asks questions in that tag, they could get a score higher than you with zero progress towards the badge. Include a note at the bottom of your question, or leave a comment after posting, specifying that a tag you wanted to add did not exist yet and it should be added by someone who has the privilege to do so. If it is deemed that the tag should be created, the person who creates the tag will also edit the message out of your post. If they don't agree, they can either leave the message for someone else to judge, or remove it if they know it should not exist. For example, I have a score of 36 in the Java tag (more than a third of the progress for the score requirement), but have only posted two answers in that tag (a mere tenth of the requirement). Sometimes simple or common answers in a popular language attract a high number of votes that skew one part of the badge way out of proportion to the other.