If the sacrament is found to not have been conferred, due to a defect, then a Decree of Nullity may be issued and the two are free to marry. (The sub text here is that "you weren't validly married if the sacrament was not present"). 

2/ to celebrate the sacraments or sacramentals and to receive the sacraments; The Catechism of the Catholic Church teaches that there is a guardian angel for each person. It is well to recall that while the Catholic Church does not confine its teaching to sola scriptura, there is scriptural support for the teaching that angels are assigned as protectors. Angels engage in a variety of tasks as described in scripture, to include protection of the faithful. In English the term "guardian angel" is a way to describe an angel who protects someone. 

The call to Chastity is made to all. Unless one has responded to the call of matrimony, and the vocation of married life, the form of Chastity called for by all of the Faithful is the same as celibacy, be one heterosexual or homosexual. Does it mean that God dwells inside the church in some special sense (Aside from the Eucharistic presence in the tabernacle)? 

How does the sacramental bond of marriage and the gift of sexuality combine? The Church teaches ... This is about correct teaching and the meanings of latria and worship. The crux of the matter, as far back as the Second Ecumenical Council in Nicaea, was whether proper teaching was getting to the faithful. In some places, it was not since the Iconoclast movement was a response to a trend toward syncretism with pagan Greek religions. That "getting the teaching across effectively" isn't as easy as it sounds. Even after the second council of Nicaea, up to the 11th Century France for example, there was difficulty in effectively communicating the teaching that derived from that Ecumenical Council. (Of course, the Reformation gave two fingers to the teaching, in arguments that resemble your four points). Here we see the connection between your term Liber Ordinarius and the Sarum Ordinal (which was not limited to Sarum, and was produced by other dioceses), which eventually evolved into "our own modern" (that is, pre-Vatican II, because by "modern" we mean "1913") Ordo recitandi. Also, in the parable of the Rich Man and Lazarus (Lk 16:19–31), the deceased are shown awake and concerned about things on Earth: 

1858 Grave matter is specified by the Ten Commandments, corresponding to the answer of Jesus to the rich young man: "Do not kill, Do not commit adultery, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Do not defraud, Honor your father and your mother."Mk 10:19 The gravity of sins is more or less great: murder is graver than theft. One must also take into account who is wronged: violence against parents is in itself graver than violence against a stranger. 1857 For a sin to be mortal, three conditions must together be met: "Mortal sin is sin whose object is grave matter and which is also committed with full knowledge and deliberate consent."Reconciliatio et Paenitentia 17 #12 45 And also in that he perceived that there was great favour laid up for those that died godly, it was an holy and good thought. Whereupon he made a reconciliation for the dead, that they might be delivered from sin. It provides evidence that the clerical tradition of religious ideas and popular religiosity are two different things, thereby strengthening the idea that the people are attracted to the Blessed Mary as a caring mother and protectress, like other female divinities of the ancient world. The author explores the possible psychological and cultural factors that led to the Marian devotions. In the author's view, 

According to Wikipedia article on the American Catholic Church of the United States (ACCUS), if that is what you mean, it notes that there are quite a few differences between the ACCUS and the Roman Catholic Church. The Roman Catholic definition of prayer just means to communicate to God or the saints. To "pray" to a deity is to ask the deity for something, which involves communication. This is different from worship, which means to honor or show respect. Because a prayer means communication and worship means respect, prayer may be an act of worship or reverence. When Roman Catholics "pray" to saints or God, they really mean they want to communicate with them, looking at how the saints lived their lives and how that would be an example to present Catholics, which, in my opinion, does not sound too far-fetched from veneration of the ancestors in Chinese folk religion. Whether it is veneration of ancestors or saints, the veneration or worship should not be confused with the adoration of the gods or God. Assuming that the definition of "prayer" means "to ask or to beg a god for assistance", the Catholic definition seems to work nicely.