Did Castro wish to initiate a nuclear war with the US and was he willing to destroy his country to achieve it? Are there any other source documents that refute this position? 

How are potential terrorist organizations evaluated for inclusion on terrorist watch list? Is it a panel of independents or academics or law enforcement? Does it have political appointee input? Is it classified? 

Yemen--Proxy war Saudi Arabia and Iran Yemen's own refugee camps have become compromised. Telegraph states 

Has this Public Law ever been challenged in the courts? Are there any Non-Delegation doctrine or separation of power arguments for or against the constitutionality of this act? 

“Enemy combatant” is a general category that subsumes two sub-categories: lawful and unlawful combatants. See Quirin, 317 U.S. at 37-38. Lawful combatants receive prisoner of war (POW) status and the protections of the Third Geneva Convention. Unlawful combatants do not receive POW status and do not receive the full protections of the Third Geneva Convention. (The treatment accorded to unlawful combatants is discussed below). 

Things become trickier in the event he's incapacitated, for instance by falling in a coma. According to this research here (emphasis mine): 

The takeaway and answer to your question might best be summed up by the documentary's author: 

The judge didn't block the repeal: 

The Vice documentary "This is what winning looks like" might give you a few helpful pointers: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja5Q75hf6QI 

This article from the end of 2013, for instance, notes that McCain was among the 10 Republicans who voted for the transgender ENDA bill. It introduced a number of protections for the LGBT in the workplace. It admittedly says nothing about McCain's stance on LGBT in the military but at the very least one can infer that McCain was defending LGBT rights before Trump was attacking him. 

Yes. At the very least it should be strongly implied. 

Sophisticated Americans understand Europe as a collection of nations and can place a few of the western ones on a map, but then tend to conflate EU with Europe. They also tend to understand the EU as an extremely messy and anti-democratic version of the US federal government. For examples, see for instance financial media with libertarian tendencies (e.g. Zero Hedge, Mish Shedlock's blog, CNBC, Bloomberg) and their comment sections.