My question is, does this bill also avert a Government Shutdown? Shortly after John Boehner announced he was stepping down as Speaker, a Continuing Resolution was passed delaying a Government Shutdown until December 11. Assuming this budget deal is passed, will that December 11 date still be in effect? Now that Donald Trump has been elected President, there has been a lot of discussion about the conflicts of interest that would arise from his company. There have been calls for him to put his assets in a blind trust, which is where your assets are managed buy a stranger who doesn't tell you how he's investing them, to avoid conflicts of interest. Trump has said that he plans to put his company in a blind trust, but he's also said that his adult children will run his company, which is not how a blind trust works. I'm basically trying to figure out, what exactly stops a reporter from recording video from his smartphone? Today, like many days in the past few weeks, the White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer was audio-only, i.e. no cameras allowed. My question is, how is this camera ban enforced? Does Spicer ask the Press Corps to promise to not to record video? Or does the Secret Service prevent the cameramen from entering the briefing room, or what? Last night, the White House and Congressional leaders struck a budget deal in order to raise the Debt Ceiling until March 2017, as well as to raise the Sequester spending caps for Fiscal Years 2016 and 2016 (by $50 billion and $30 billion respectively). You can read the bill, known as the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, here. I think I've found an answer to my own question: Republicans are talking about putting policy riders in the appropriations bill. According to this Reuters article, "A Senate Democratic aide said Republicans in the House of Representatives were insisting on including policy language aimed at restricting abortions, as well as prohibiting the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating carbon emissions." And this Heritage Action blog post has a long list of policy riders that Republicans on the House Appropriations Committee have proposed over the past year that Heritage suggests ought to be included in the upcoming bill. (If Heritage wants policy riders, presumably some GOP Congressmen want it too.). That post also quotes Paul Ryan saying “by having an agreement like this…you get Congress to reclaim the power of the purse so that we set priorities. I’m fighting for a conscience clause rider on appropriations because I’m very worried about religious freedom… I can do that if Congress is put back in charge of appropriations, which we are because of this budget agreement.” Another theory is that people do it not merely because of the chance of changing the outcome of an election, but because it's an act of civic duty, although economist Steve Landsburg, in his popular book "The Armchair Economist", counters "But that ignores the fact that voting takes time away from other more productive acts of civic duty. You can spend 15 minutes casting an essentially meaningless vote, or you can spend the same 15 minutes returning shopping carts from the parking lot to the front of the grocery store. In the second case, you'll have actually made the world a better place." EDIT: This is somewhat of a moot point now, because Arizona Governor Jan Brewer has just vetoed the bill. She cited this as her reason: "Religious liberty is a core American and Arizonan value, but so too is non-discrimination." Here's another graph, showing intergenerational earnings elasticity on the vertical axis: (Note that the two graphs are based on slightly different definitions of what a person makes, but both still show that that the Nordic countries have a higher probability of increasing your income from $X to $Y than the US.) A few months ago, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the FBI's Russia investigation, so Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein became the Acting Attorney General for purposes of the Russia investigation. And Rosenstein appointed a special prosecutor, Robert Mueller, to oversee the investigation. Now the Washington Post is reporting that the White House is considering either firing Attorney General Sessions, or asking him to resign, as "part of a strategy to fire special counsel Robert S. Mueller III and end his investigation into whether the Trump campaign coordinated with the Kremlin to influence the 2016 election". The Court did not say that color-blind admission is unconstitutional, although there may be a good case to be made for such a position. If there is evidence that a public college is already engaging in unconstitutional discrimination against African Americans, then yes it may be necessary to institute racial preference policies that counter that discrimination, so that on net the government is treating everyone equally as the constitution requires. Yet another theory (articulated in the paper I linked to) is that the outcome of an election, especially for President, matters quite a lot to people because it affects the lives of hundreds of millions of Americans, so the low probability is made up for by the high reward. That raises the question, though, of why most people aren't more politically active in a lot of other ways. (ii) levy on any such property with respect to such failure. My question is, what would happen if President Trump either fired Sessions or Sessions resigned? Who would oversee the Russia investigation? At least temporarily, I assume Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein would become Acting Attorney General, not just for the Russia investigation but for the entire Department of Justice. But what would happen once Trump appoints a new Attorney General to replace Sessions? Would the new Attorney General take over the Russia investigation from Rosenstein, or would Rosenstein continue to be Acting Attorney General for purposes of Russia investigation indefinitely?