- Collins, James B. Classes, Estates and Order in Early-Modern Brittany. Cambridge University Press, 2003. The 1840 Democratic-Republican national convention was also the one in which the party name was simplified. Henceforth, it was called the Democratic party. Of course, the law was not always fully enforced. One particularly famous lapse where only one side was punished gave rise to the Japanese national legend of the Forty-Seven Ronin (...no relation to the movie 47 Ronin). The samurai retainers of of Asano Naganori avenged their master (who was ordered to commit suicide) by assassinating Kira Yoshinaka, who went unpunished in a quarrel with Asano. As mentioned earlier, single member districts made a return for two elections starting in 1920. The tax requirement was slashed to three yen in this year too, which increased the number of eligible voters from three to fourteen million. Under British rule, large numbers of Indians migrated into Burma. This, and being administered as a division of the general Indian government, led to strong resentment on the part of the Burmese. With the rise of nationalism exacerbating tensions, the natural division of Burma/India probably seemed like a good idea for improving administration of the two countries. For a private example, in 1987 Reagan invited Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, who had called him a racist on TV, to the White House. After the event, Reagan wrote in his diaries that: Lampman, Robert J. "Social Security Perspectives: Essays by Edwin E. Witte." Madison, University of Wisconsin (1962). Nonetheless, the assemblies were very much an active branch of the French state. They played an active part in local politics and governance, and while ultimately unable to defy the king, they often negotiated with and petitioned the royal court on behalf of local interests. - Djilas, Milovan. Conversations with Stalin. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2014. Lastly, of course, there was also Molotov's loyalty to his wife, Polina Zhemchuzhina. She was the Commissar for Fishing in 1939, when the NKVD discovered a network of "German spies" in her commissariat. Molotov abstained from voting against his wife on that occasion, and repeated the same gesture again in 1948. The British historian Geoffrey Roberts, FRHistS, notes that" Part of the fiction of republicanism was the theoretical authority of the senate to elect emperors. Again, we recognise this to be rubberstamping a late emperor's choices and/or the army's decision. However, again, appearances were nonetheless kept up. This stands in contrast to military conquests, for instance the Partitions of Poland, which were more conductive to producing cleaner borders since the negotiators were working off a relatively blank slate. It wasn't until the devastation and utter constitutional upheaval of the Second World War that the German states were reorganised under the Allied Occupation.