There is also a compromise to be struck between the Copernican principle and the (Weak) Anthropic one. It is not impossible that things work out the way they are because we are here to observe them. A lot of biologists think we are in the "Goldilocks zone" of energy balance, and life is much less likely to arise at any other point on the spectrum of energy balance because small polar molecules in liquid form are scarce. And we do not accuse them of being anti-Copernican, we let this idea guide where we are spending public money looking for planets with life. This kind of leads one to accept a view of physics like Leibniz's, where the monads all 'commune' and 'decide' what happens, over a form of materialism where actions are independent and absolutely predictable. You can consider the distinction a word-game, but it seems to really matter. I do not know Cantor's own argument on this account, so I have to skip over your first two questions. But modern mathematicians do not see the two as in any way related, with a few exceptions, although there have been attempts to wrap both up in a single overarching approach. We don't see uncertainty because two more uncertain things together are more certain than each uncertain thing separately. Simultaneous probabilities do not add, they multiply. The right way of considering things is in terms of relations, and not properties of elements. The elements themselves are simply classifications of the effects under an equivalence relation. The properties are the things upon which the notion of equivalence is chosen. The extreme form of modal realism asserts that everything expressible in the intensional mode has some limited existence. Other forms cut off the relevance of sub-existential states at one of the layers above. For instance, why should time run slower when there are a lot of particles present? (We observe the gravitational time dilation proportional to mass from general relativity, and macroscopically, mass is basically a particle count.) You can insist it is all about objectivity and relativity of measurements, but maybe that is just the effect. In a strong sense the homogeneity assumption is itself an application of the Copernican Principle. It is the assumption that we do not happen to inhabit a place where space is especially 'nice', in the sense of having the "Goldilocks" quantity of matter: that we don't live somewhere too special. Math has gotten beyond topology, and limit points don't make us worry anymore. So we can't avoid the question by ledger-de-main. Noumena either are or are not part of our model. But if we have them, we still can't know anything about them -- even whether or not they are really there. You might want to ask yourself whether 'absolutely everything' is even a concept, or if it is simply a placeholder for one. One way to make sense of this is via evolution. It makes sense that a general reasoning method evolved from a system originally tuned to a narrow range of targets or threats, sought or avoided situations, and not from some more general mechanism that just 'tried to make sense' of the world. As we developed subtler, less pointed goals, we began to see symbols instead of threats or targets. We started to piece our stimuli together into more and more complete packages, and to be less intensely motivated by specific details most of the time. But the basic methodology of scanning for known objects still dominates its structure. If I perceive something, say a rock, I give it a reference in my head, and it becomes a thing to which I might refer. Nothing has been perceived that is not at least "whatever object that is at about 30 degrees left and 20 degrees up from the horizon." So what has or will have ever been perceived by anyone is all just a collection of references, linked to sensations -- it is an imaginary event.