If information is declassified and not privileged, but is not subject to a FOIA request, then anyone who obtains it can use it in court or for any other purpose, but may have no way to compel its disclosure absent a lawsuit in which the document would be within the proper scope of a discovery obligation. 

The subsequent developments in the enemy combatant cases (some of which arose collaterally in the criminal trial of Padilla), haven't really change the relevant law. There have also been military commission cases since Padilla, but they go to the question of the proper scope and process to apply in military commissions of enemy combatants imposing some punishment beyond indefinite detention as a quasi-prisoner of war for the duration of the war on terrorism authorized by the AUMF. Effect of Disclosure On Classification Status 

(3) Mr. Padilla engaged in conduct that constituted hostile and warlike acts, including conduct in preparation for acts of international terrorism that had the aim to cause injury to or adverse effects on the United States; 

The problem is you must prove Trump knew all of this and was involved in some way. What sank Nixon in similar circumstances were the Watergate tapes proving he had direct knowledge of illegal activity. Barring something similar to connect the dots, it seems more likely that you could find someone in the Trump campaign who was involved. In that case, the person who was caught would likely face some sort of charges, while the White House would simply deny knowledge and assert that person had acted on their own. There's nothing illegal by itself about coordinating with a foreign entity. You can coordinate with anyone you want. Now, if you can prove Trump knew/directed that By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) The President owes some money. In 2016 Fortune estimated he owed $1.1 billion. Last December Mother Jones estimated he owed over $700 million, not including $2 billion in debt by real estate partnerships. 

Jobs go up, Presidents preen. Jobs go down, Presidents blame their rivals and predecessors, (who often blame the President). Meanwhile job numbers might change for reasons both obvious and subtle that have nothing to do with Presidents or their rivals, or at least nothing to do with those things they did deliberately to increase jobs. If possible, let's avoid considering manipulative or tricky methods of Presidential job growth -- i.e. shortening some metric and calling the resulting (unconverted) larger number "growth", or having two full-time workers in different trades swap morning shifts, and calling the result four jobs. 

Aside from wartime, are there any Presidency and national job number change correlations that are widely agreed to be provably causal?