Jesus again refers to Wisdom in Luke 11:49, and again as if she is a distinct entity: Brennan Reed Hamil discusses the Messianic Secret at some length in a student paper written at the Lubbock Christian University. Firstly, he says, there have been historical explanations. In line with this approach, the motive of concealment has been seen as a facet of historical Jesus’ own behaviour and teaching, a characteristic of his, in other words, which is correctly reported by Mark. A brief summary of the text The singer is portrayed as a farm girl and her lover as a shepherd. “Do not stare at me because I am swarthy, because the sun has burned me. My brothers have been angry with me; they charged me with the care of the vineyards: my own vineyard I have not cared for (Songs 1:6).” They make love in the fields, and she calls him her king, pretending that the trees are a palace – “the beams of our house are cedars, our rafters, cypresses.” Looking backwards from the time Genesis was written down, there is potential evidence to regard individuals as representing nations or tribes rather than being actual persons. In attempting to explain the existence of the different nations that surrounded them, the Israelites could be seen to have believed each nation to have had a single ancestor, just as they believed themselves to be descended exclusively from a single ancestor, Jacob. Likewise, the Cushites must have had an ancestor, who was Canaan's eldest brother Cush, and the Phutites (Libyans) must have had an ancestor, who was Canaan's brother Phut. Mizraim was the Hebrew name for the nation of Egypt, so Canaan's brother Mizraim becomes the ancestor of the Egyptians. Matthew is talking here about the thoughts that lead one to commit a crime. For emphasis, he gives two examples that can better be understood by looking at verse 5:25 in the context of a longer passage, Matthew 5:21-28, which I will discuss in two parts. Matthew's Gospel demonstrated (Matthew 1:17) that there were 14 generations from Abraham to David; from David to Josiah (omitting three kings in the Old Testament list); from Josiah to Jesus, so also proving Jesus was destined for greatness. However, the Old Testament only lists 20 generations from Adam to Abraham, whereas this genealogy would require 28 generations from Adam to Abraham to work as intended. Thus, Matthew's genealogy does not go back to Adam, but only as far as Abraham. Most explanations fall into two main categories - that Mark's reports of Jesus' commands to silence are historically true, or that they were a literary creation by Mark's author, perhaps being intended to draw attention to Jesus' Messianic mission by the repeated commands to silence on the issue. Undoubtedly we can say that Jesus' divine nature is omniscient, but your confusion could result from identifying Wisdom too closely with Jesus. In Luke 11:31-35, Jesus speaks of John the Baptist, himself and then Wisdom, but only in the third person and such terms that it would be difficult for us to think of her as his divine nature: In first century Greek parlance, ego eimi (ἐγώ εἰμί "I am") was used to refer to the God of the Jews, in the belief that this was the meaning of the Hebrew Tetragrammaton, YHWH, which was thought to mean "I am that I am." John's Gospel, written in Greek, often uses plays on words and, in this case, has Jesus say "I am" when the priests think he is telling them that he is God. They are so stunned by what they see as blasphemy that they fall backwards. Thus, John is mocking the priests, who do not know that Jesus is God, but the readers had already learnt this information. I will not repeat explanations provided in his own answer by ThaddeusB, but signify my concurrence. Each of these explanations has been put forward by respected scholars although, as noted, Wrede's original hypothesis no longer has significant support. Wrede himself said that his hypothesis would be stronger if Mark's Gospel were not the first New Testament gospel, but nearly all scholars now say that it clearly was the first New Testament gospel. It would be problematic to relate the pre-Flood generations to tribes or nations, since a literal Flood would mean those tribes or nations must already cease to exist.