Primarily, to make stories more immersive, you don't just use literary tools but above all stick to adhere to rules of immersion. Don't be afraid to go in opposite direction. One of chapters of "Sum of All Fears" by Tom Clancy, not really short too, describes a complex chain of events over a span of three nanoseconds. You may compress this process into a single paragraph of speed shift, but you must alliterate that speed shift, literally, expressly. "how to cleanly change time scale and avoid making a somewhat jarring break in temporal continuity?" His breath calmed down to quiet sobs, as he held his head with both hands, expecting the search to find him any minute now. Rapid steps thudded in the distance. Sounds of dripping water filled the moments of silence. Numb to the surroundings, unmoving, he awaited the inevitable. Distant alarms would break him out of stupor now and then. Dimming of corridor lights signified start of artificial evening, but the search continued through the night, gradually closing in. Now we know that the person who just entered the room is the character's mother. Omit it. Finally, an easy, always-available option for avoiding info-dumps: Omit the information. If nobody has to interact with it, if nobody has to deal with it, if nobody has an opinion about it, if it doesn't affect any characters' decisions, then it doesn’t matter to the story. If it doesn’t matter to the story, leave it out. These essential features of mundanity suggest some additional techniques. Disagreement. You can have characters argue about it. They might disagree about: If the thing is truly everyday and mundane, consider what makes it so. It's precisely this: You don’t have to think about it. You don’t have to interact with it. You don’t have to even notice it. It’s just there. It just works. Decision. Make the mundane thing a factor in some decision the character must make. In contrast to others here, I don't think specific edit questions are appropriate for this site, so I will answer your question in a general (do-it-yourself) way: The problem with this approach: you need regularly new test readers, because the old ones know too much. Who, who is right in his mind, would buy a car from you? After reading the questions, I have one question: Are you serious? You want to sell cars, but you have no clue about the different brands, the different models, which series is very often in the garage, because it's crap, which cars are reliable even after 200,000km, what extra is worth paying for and why and and and. After reading the existing answers, I was puzzled even more. You do not know your market, you do not know your readers, but you want write for them? Then take your correction and read it aloud. Does it sound good? No? Change it!