This idea comes from the framework of libertarian paternalism. The government should be there with basic guidelines, but companies should be free to make their own choices. This approach recognizes the downsides of allowing unlimited insider trading, but accepts that their might be upsides policymakers can't see and lets people choose for themselves where to put their money. There is no reason why a country shouldn't be able to do what you're describing. In order to get the goods and services a country's people desire a country has to engage in trade. If a country lacks a specific good its people will have to trade others for that. There are a vast multitude of things other than manufactured goods a country can trade. For example: entertainment, computer programs, raw materials, consulting services, security services, transportation services, tourism, seasonal workers, financial services, research and development, healthcare, ect. Some of the criteria I think are important for these programs are: Cost to taxpayers, cost to consumers, cost to those who enjoy goods and services provided by low skill workers, cost to those who enjoy goods and services provided by high skill workers, ease in finding a job for low skill workers, enforcement costs, and ease of developing workplace skills for low skill workers. There are probably more. Another concern is that defining terms critical to insider trading lawsuits is very subjective and vague. Libertarians are very skeptical of the ability of democratic government to do anything complex without succumbing to corrupt special interests. Gibson continues with this argument: One problem with this question is, what constitutes an equivalent EITC to a specific minimum wage? What should be held constant? One way would be to add up the total cost to consumers in the form of higher prices on goods and services from minimum wage jobs (plus the cost of enforcement) and equate that to the tax necessary to maintain the EITC program. Another way would be to say that the total increase in dollars paid to workers should be the same between programs. There might be other ways of accomplishing this. If such a system exists, it seems very possible that a country specializing almost exclusively in producing services and raw materials could be prosperous, since many of the services I listed have the potential for citizens to create enormous value. The United States, one of the world's most prosperous nations, has certainly moved away from an industrial economy while expanding its prosperity. That being said, the United States manufacturing sector is still as big in absolute terms as it has ever been before. Since we can't see the counter factual world of a Nobma presidency, Obama's influence wasn't randomly hoisted on separate parts of the country, and we don't have all the relevant data to understand the world economy, we don't have a strong basis for saying one way or another what the sum total impact of all the President's policies has been. Government deficit spending crowds out private investing. If this force is dominant, then investors would have bought safe government debt in times of recession instead of investing in companies. Without austerity fewer start-ups would have been funded and established companies wouldn't have had as easy a time borrowing or selling equity to expand. Thus the reduction in government spending allowed for private companies to have access to capital and grow the economy. In this case, the money from austerity went to creating economic growth in the private sector. Since my summation of this force has proved to be a contentious point, let me cite a mainstream economics textbook treatment of the subject. "Some economists argue that crowding out can totally offset the expansionary effect of fiscal policy, so the net effect is zero or even negative, since they consider private spending to be more productive than government spending... The result is that potential output does not increase as much as it otherwise would and thus deficits lead to slower growth." David C. Collander.Economics 7th edition. McGraw Hill Irwin:2008.Page 716.