When one is introduced to the Book of Mormon, he is oftentimes asked to pray to find out whether or not the Book of Mormon is true. According to LDS theology, why is a person simply asked to pray about it, rather than looking at historical, archaeological, prophetical, and other fields of evidence that attest to the authenticity and divine authorship of the Bible? Also, how exactly is one expected to know whether or not God has confirmed that the Book of Mormon is true? How is God expected to answer the person's prayer? I saw a post recently asserting that LDS missionaries are specifically instructed to stay away from bodies of water and are discouraged from swimming at all. I had never heard anything like this before. I have never read anything about this question on any other sites. The mathematical realities just occurred to me as I was thinking about this. Ten celestial generations would produce 10^60 gods and planets, and 20 would produce 10^120 gods and planets. What is the manuscript evidence--that is, the evidence of ancient manuscripts in ancient languages (Hebrew, Greek, Latin, etc.)-- to support the existence of these verses in the original copies? Is there any idea how they could have been lost? I am mathematically inclined, so I began thinking of this from that perspective. Currently, the LDS Church has a membership of around 15 million people worldwide. If we, however, only assume that one million men attain godhood from God's spiritual progeny on this planet and that this is the only planet on which His progeny attains godhood, then we would have a generational ratio of 1:1,000,000 or 1:10^6. If that ratio were to hold for each man that becomes a god in each subsequent generation, the numbers become quite large very quickly, even assuming linear growth rather than exponential. While church leaders have given no specific official interpretation on meat in the Word of Wisdom, various leaders have offered their own interpretations, largely in favor of the latter interpretation above. Lorenzo Snow, the 5th successor to Joseph Smith, opined that members of the Church should become vegetarians. Heber J Grant offered his opinion that his longevity was in part due to his sparing use of meat. Many others emphasized that Latter-day Saints "eat little meat." I was unable to find any opinion supporting the former interpretation, however it is clear that meat is not prohibited based on the time of year or otherwise. Official church functions involving meals often include some meat as well. As far as I am aware, all of these sects accept the Book of Mormon to be true with various degrees of advocacy for its use. The Community of Christ, for example, in recent years has reduced its emphasis on the Book of Mormon. Most, however, have different views on what literature originated by Smith is official cannon. Some, for example, do not accept some or all of the Doctrine and Covenants or Pearl of Great Price. Perhaps it is safe to say that all of them claim to base their teachings on those of Joseph Smith, and hold him to be a prophet. However, what this means in the context of each sect's teachings will vary wildly. 4 https://www.lds.org/manual/gospel-principles/chapter-46-the-final-judgment?lang=eng More articles on this topic (it's a quite broad subject, any one topic touches upon other unique Mormon beliefs and it would be a very long answer if I tried to answer all of them here) So in Matthew Jesus is showing that he understands 'the LORD' refers to Heavenly Father and 'my Lord' refers to the Son of God and Messiah. 3 Both LDS and Jehovah Witnesses believe in missionary work5 and 6. However the Jehovah Witnesses believe the New Jerusalem to be Heavenly and symbolic. Both also believe that the earth will be transformed into paradise and ruled by Jesus.7 4 https://www.lds.org/ensign/1977/10/respect-for-other-peoples-beliefs?lang=eng 7 https://www.jw.org/en/publications/books/good-news-from-god/why-did-god-create-the-earth/ Another important doctrine on man becoming gods is that to us(man) there is only God. I will use an analogy (god::father): each of us has one father. One can strive to become a father, and those that do don't replace their father; their father is now a grandfather. Anything you do, or children you have, add to your grandfather's posterity also. First, it's important to understand what an angel is. In Doctrine and Covenants 129:1-3 it says: Before I begin I'd like to restate from the other answer that the phrase "Great Tribulation" is not used in Mormon terminology/teachings and LDS teachings most closely align with post-tribulationist. That is Mormon's believe in a chronology that is along the lines of tribulation, second coming, Millenium, and then the last judgement. I will not go into great detail as most of this is covered in LDS manuals and covers several chapters, feel free to look at the referenced manuals if you want more detail. Scriptures from Pearl of Great Price For the most part, this holds true for Jehovah Witnesses too.9