(Notice some interpret it as surrender as muslims) 

While this hadith often is used as a default understanding that everything that causes harm is forbidden: Conclusion Yes, a woman can slaughter animals. Analyzing the first hadith we notice that its chapter in Sahih Bukhari is: The answer might be a bit big but I really think it is necessary in this case. Much more could be said, I guess a book could be written about the subject. If you think how it developed by the time it will look more logically. For instance, the companions follow the Prophet (saw). When he passes away, they spread his message to whoever they can, they speak about him, what he have said, what he have forbidden and so on. And this process keeps going, generation to generation, thankfully, or we might not been Muslims now I guess. To ignore this tradition is more likely to be wrong. I mean, 1400 years later we finally understand that we should not follow the hadiths or the understanding of them by our scholars. Conslusion We don't know if she continued to rule as a queen, or received a higher political position by Solomon. This could be answered in different ways according to once understanding of the question. If you are looking for a statement in the Quran that directly, and with the literal words says for instance, "Follow the hadiths!". Then, the answer would be no, there are no such verses. I found an article in english, you can read more about it here. Just because a person doesn't understand a hadith doesn't mean it is wrong. We know that the prophets are sent with the message, and they are in at the same time the leader, mentor, and guide of their people. We should follow the prophet. How to understand what to follow is something else and another discussion. There are many hadiths out there that make no sense without the tools of understanding. Sometimes to truly understand a hadith you must need to understand Arabic (deeply), that includes figure speeches, expressions and much more. The context, to whom was this hadith said? Why? When? Where? It's something to leave to the experts. 

Say: If you love Allah, then follow me, Allah will love you and forgive you your faults, and Allah is Forgiving, MercifuL 

When a person knows about the mutawatir hadiths and the way of collecting them, it will be very hard to deny them. 

But this still doesn't mean that we shouldn't follow the sunnah like some might argue. You cannot follow the sunnah without the hadiths, because that's where you get the data, after you gotten the data, you can fetch it and analyse it. That is what we later will define as "sunnah" or the way of the Prophet. 

It is mentioned in the Wikipedia article that: What does it even mean to follow the sunnah? Are there any legitimacy in claiming that one should follow the sunnah? In my opinion (and the vast majority), yes there are good claims that one should. If one analyses Islam deeply, you would find it a logical fallacy to ignore the hadiths or the sunnah of the prophet. Now, I do not in any way state that you aren't following the sunnah or the hadiths. But as the question tends to lean towards that understanding I just feel it should be answered more in detail. 

But considering her being a political figure wouldn't been surprising because she once was the Queen of her people, therefore a good strategy would of course be to let her keep a higher position to rule her people, within and under the laws of Solomon. But this is only speculations. So even here, the Prophet ate from the slaughtered animal and didn't prohibit it or even mentioned anything about it, which indicates it is clearly valid for a woman to slaughter. 

The intention here is that it would be a hateful act for someone to memorize so much poetry that it becomes the reasons that the person is driven away from the remembrance of God and knowledge of the Quran. This is true for everything, it's not limited to poetry. The philosophy is really something like this: "whatever drives you away from the remembrance of God and knowledge of your Religion and practicing your religion, would be condemned."