Are there objective statistical studies on this issue? Jarvis' words sound like fine rhetoric but I find it suspicious that he carefully eschews quoting any figures. So, the deputies formed an "iron cohort of Party and non-Party Bolsheviks". I think it proves beyond any doubt that the "independents" were just as beholden to the party as the formally party men. UPDATE: More evidence: a booklet, published in 1954, titled "The Indestructible Bloc of the Communists and the Party-less". Published by the State Press for Political Literature. (2) Formally: The "independent" candidates were actually running as part of a "Communist and Party-less Bloc" (which pretty much covers all bases). So even if they were not card-carrying members of the CPSU they were elected to the Supreme Soviet on behalf of the CPSU. I couldn't find an English reference to the bloc, but here is a Russian one from the Big Soviet Encyclopedia itself. The Red Army's planners provided for expanding this arm, and by 1942 they were working towards 400,000 mounted cavalrymen organized into nearly 60 divisions. As long before as 1783, Ben Franklin had suggested that volcanic eruptions may cause dips in temperature due to blocking out light from the Sun, and his ideas were brilliantly confirmed by Mother Nature in 1816 when the Indonesian Mount Tambora exploded. Thomas Mifflin (November 5, 1783) Did any European witness an Inca religious festival? The horses could survive at 22 degrees below zero ad keep moving in dust and sand that clogged and wore out engines. Cavalrymen could fight as infantry after covering immense distances, and, like the motorized infantry, they could exploit breakthroughs punched by tanks. Note, however, that neither the office nor at times the men who filled were held in high esteem. Perry Randolph (September 5, 1774) The answer to this is more geological than historical or meteorological; the reason for 1816's incredible cold was a massive volcanic eruption in Indonesia. Arthur St. Clair ( February 2, 1787) John Hanson (November 5, 1781) John Hancock (November 23, 1785) Of course, these men did not have the power and prestige of modern presidents; they were elected annually by the Congress to serve as chairman of the sessions of Congress. Nor did the office have the high reputation of the modern presidency. During his term as president in 1785-1786, for example, John Hancock didn’t bother to show up for a single session. Another man, who was in poor health, asked a friend’s advice when he was offered the position. The friend replied that he should take it because it was “the Easiest in the Union for an invalid." George Washington was _not the “first president of the United States”; he was the first president under the Constitution. Before Washington took office in 1789, the United States had sixteen “presidents”—the presidents of the Continental and Confederation Congresses. Indian cultures, of which their religious beliefs were an integral part, were considered uncivilized and inferior. In the logic of time, this naturally meant the Indian "way of life" was an active harm to the Indians, as well as a standing threat to their neighbors. There is debate about whether the US administration would have liked to see Saddam toppled as well. Colin Powell claims in his memoirs that the intention was always to leave him in place, as a bulwark against Iran. However, various public statements made by President Bush led many people inside Iraq to (incorrectly) believe the US would support popular uprisings, with very unfortunate results. The administration of his son (GW Bush), certianly believed this was a mistake. This wasn't the only such incident of African-American communities attempting self-defense, but it is probably the largest scale one. The people making decisions in the Civil Rights movement knew about these incidents, and others like them. They knew that if you don't have larger numbers, and/or political control, this is what the result of non-passive resistance looks like for you. EDIT: Here is a contemporary reference to the bloc: http://ufn.ru/ru/articles/1937/8/b/. Gail Jarvis, in an encomium to the Dunning School writes: Are there objective statistical studies on this issue? Jarvis' words sound like fine rhetoric but I find it suspicious that he carefully eschews quoting any figures. This is a very interesting question. I tried to track down references to this phenomenon and so far I found one, in a book by Caroline Kirkland: here on p.13 in a story called Land Fever a character says "Well! you're a land-shark, then - swallowin' poor men's farms." Seems like O. Henry was describing a fairly common occurence. (2) Formally: The "independent" candidates were actually running as part of a "Communist and Party-less Bloc" (which pretty much covers all bases). So even if they were not card-carrying members of the CPSU they were elected to the Supreme Soviet on behalf of the CPSU. I couldn't find an English reference to the bloc, but here is a Russian one from the Big Soviet Encyclopedia itself.