It would discourage answering very localized questions, and debug sessions, in the hope that the OP will reward one's work with the accept mark. I think this is a good thing - helping a user debug an extremely localized problem is a nice thing to do, but it's not beneficial to the community at large. Stuff like that should stay in comments or chat. Your question was spam or offensive flagged, probably because of the use of the f word. Also, the current balance allows you to reach a net reputation gain if you improve your contribution's quality, which is an important incentive to fix things that the community thinks have a problem. The role of downvotes is to call attention to a problem, rather than eradicating someone's reputation. Only yesterday, I saw a high-rep user paste a completely unrelated and incorrect link as an answer (he was working on two questions at the same time) and in the two minutes until he noticed and corrected his mistake, he was upvoted once or twice (the second one coincided with the edit, so I'm not entirely sure about that one, but the first one managed to shock me enough already). Not a good idea - it would have many side effects: * = theoretical because the daily reputation cap would prevent the OP from gaining the entire amount. It is true that occasionally, many dumb upvotes give a user an unjustified rep gain. Your suggestion would help cancel out that effect and that isn't bad thinking. Still, if a new platform arises that has the goal of producing "chickens" in the sense you mean it, being less focused on shallow reputation points, I'll be very interested to see it. But this occasional "unfair enrichment" is something that we as a community are willing to live with, for the sake of a system that is, by and large, very welcoming and motivating new users to "play". The reputation cap is designed as a means to stop people from spending too much time on the network. The possibility to circumvent it this way would undermine that (IMO very sensible) mechanism. In the same vein, it would encourage making an answer understandable to everyone, not just the OP, as it's the community that will reward you with votes. I see your point and it's not wrong. But the balance is arguably still ok and shouldn't be changed. this took about 15 seconds to write down, and (no disrespect to the OP) didn't exactly take a genius to come up with. Why, in your opinion, should it be rewarded with 1800 reputation points?* The example you show consists mainly of this sentence: I don't think those users who are not around on Meta much, came here to complain about their reputation change, and overlooked the bar, are necessarily idiots. People don't read everything on a new site, and they don't have to. Putting the bar on SO proper would have worked better. (Not that I would regard that flag-worthy in that specific context - "...we f-ed up on this small detail...". Just stating the facts.) The dynamic is that the majority of people will often not value "deep" contributions, and go for those they can understand - and express an opinion on - quickly. This is not to put down the users of SO - it's human nature, and everyone is subject to it. When I see a question where three people ponder a specific aspect of, say, movement detection in high-res infra-red images at moonlight, I leave them damn well alone because I don't know the first thing about the issue. I sure won't cast a vote because I have no idea whether what anybody says is correct. But I will happily upvote the first answer recommending to parse HTML with a DOM parser, instead of a regular expression. The bias of people upvoting high-rep answers regardless of quality is extremely hard to prove, but it does exist, no doubt. Also, some experiments with a second low-rep account last year (with me answering away as I normally would) confirmed the same trend - while gaining reputation by giving good answers is by no means impossible no matter what your score is, it felt like there was more scrutiny, and less upvoting for the low-rep account. I don't think the bias is a huge problem, though. In the end, quality still wins in most cases, and to some extent this is how the reputation system is supposed to work. But I can see how it is disheartening for new users. Something in this direction would be really worth thinking about. For high rep users, this would mean that they could start a bounty every day just using their surplus rep that they "make" beyond the 200 cap. This would be terribly unfair to other users.