Safe for babies who roll and still have a Moro reflex, or even just love swaddling, you can try one of the "step down" swaddle products. The Zippadee-Zip or Baby Merlin's Magic Sleep Suit are commonly recommended and I have heard great things from other parents about both, though a few negative reviews of the Sleep Suit say it did nothing. 

I've talked to either a nurse or doctor at my pediatrician's several times describing the fact that the episodes can last up to 2 hours, basically until Baby's usual wake-up and feeding (when she often does release gas and a bowel movement because she's finally wide awake - during the day she rarely has gassy episodes and usually about 3 dirty diapers, all loose to very loose). All I ever get is "that's normal for her age." One nurse did advise the rice sock, and it does seem to help her feel better. 

What is quite likely happening right now is that your child is not awake long enough to get quite tired enough to make it through the sleep cycle transition. In turn your child has a short nap and is overtired from not getting the full benefit of a longer nap, so your child exhibits drowsy signs earlier than a child who is well-rested. It can become something of a trap. 

Other Ideas This website has a whole long list of other ideas, such as too much or too little stimulation, environmental factors, hunger, and so on for early wake-ups. In general a good search for "45 minute nap intruder" will get you a ton of hits on this issue with varying possible causes. None of the things I could find online like stimulation issues helped my infant, but yours may be helped by them. 

Sometimes None of This Works The author of Happy Sleep Habits, Healthy Child, Dr. Marc Weissbluth, mentions that between 4 and 6 months of age some babies don't nap well during the day. Many parents who have been in your place will agree. However the good news is that nap length evens out as babies age. Most short nappers begin to nap longer once they take 2 naps consistently, which appears to happen between 5 and 8 months of age. For some babies the transition to 2 naps occurs because naps naturally lengthen. For others the time awake begins to lengthen. For yet others night sleep becomes disturbed by extra wake-ups or an early wake-up in the morning indicating the time for a schedule change has come. However it occurs, when the transition to 2 naps occurs many formerly short nappers begin napping at least an hour for each nap. For a few babies naps do not lengthen until the transition to 1 nap and some babies simply only need a 30-45 minute nap and will never have long naps. 

My 3 month old has cried out at between 4:00 and 6:00 a.m. for hours in gas pain almost every night for the past 6 weeks or so. There have been 2 or 3 nights in this time where she did not have an issue. She usually nurses right before bedtime around 6:45 p.m., between 12 and 2 a.m. (depending on how she sleeps), and then again sometime during the gassy episodes at around 5 a.m. The nights when she has not had pain have usually happened because she had an unusually good first stretch of sleep and did not nurse until after 3:30 a.m. I know it is gas pain because she is scrunching her legs up and crying very shrilly. Unfortunately feeding her at 5 does not usually help to release gas or a bowel movement. It does sometimes put her in a deep enough sleep that she doesn't notice the pain. To help soothe her I usually give her a pacifier to suck on and put a gently warmed rice sock on her tummy. I'm loathe to try more invasive things because she's usually half asleep crying. However my spouse and I are getting exhausted from the 4 a.m. morning and I can't imagine baby is getting good quality sleep either!