As I said, I can understand it in football due to the pads they wear affecting mobility when on the ground, but that isn't present in basketball. I don't really watch any other sports, so I don't know if it is prevalent anywhere else. 

Is there a reason for this? I understand that one reason might be a form of team camaraderie. But is there any other reason? Is it difficult for the downed player to stand on his own? I understand the sportsmanship element in helping an opponent (or teammate) up. Watching televised sports, especially American Football and Basketball, it seems that whenever a player falls or is knocked down, he needs help getting back up. With football, it is somewhat understandable, since they wear pads that get in the way. But for a basketball player, it seems trivial to stand up, yet I often see players sit on the court until another player offers them a hand up. But today I saw a college basketball player sitting on the court, long after most other players were moving on, waving at teammates to come over and give him a hand up. It wasn't an act of sportsmanship, it seemed more like he needed help simply to stand up (and no, he wasn't injured). I actually see this quite often and it always puzzles me. 

Peyton Manning was another player mentioned in this discussion and out of curiosity I wanted to check to see if his absence was as big a deal as it was made out to be. In 2010 Peyton had a WPA of 2.89 (7th among quarterbacks). His replacements in 2011 combined for a WPA of -.56. A difference of 3.45. WPA suggests that Indianapolis would have struggled in 2011 regardless of Peyton's absence (This suggests they only would have won 5-6 games). With respect to intent, College football polls are used to rank teams, and have long held importance in both determining who is who in the league, and in generally determining who is the better team. Power rankings have never had much importance and at best are the stuff of Sunday afternoon BSing in bars. 

This is incredibly rare in the NFL (hasn't happened since the '40s) because there is no incentive for the defense to try anything strange in the NFL, they just fall on the football and the play is over. There are a number of factors here, but let's examine what the two are, so we can make sure we know how apples to oranges this comparison really is. This seems to indicate that you get the best pick available from the team signing the player you've tendered. 

Take a look at this fake extra point Oregon executed for a 2 point conversion in the 2011 BCS championship game. Note how the holder comes out of his crouch and does not have his knee touching the ground when he receives the football. A relatively new way of measuring player value in the NFL is WPA (and it's sister for Defensive players +WPA). Win probability Added is the measure of impact a player has on the game and effects his team's ability to win. This is a narrative stat, it gives us an idea of the impact of plays in the context of the game rather than in a vacuum. A 4-2-5 is mostly regularly played in college where spread offenses are very common and you need more defensive backs to combat the prolific passing game. However, on long third down situations, this is also a fairly common defense in pro football. For instance, one version of this formation is the one you will hear referred to as the "Nickel Package.", in which you have 3 corner backs and 2 safeties. However, there are other version of this defense played in the NFL where you will have 3 safeties and 2 corners. While it can be viable as an every down defense in college it is relegated to situational football in pro defenses in favor of more traditional 3-4 or 4-3 setups. The one point safety on the Defense suggested in the previous response may only occur during an Extra Point try by the offense, it's result is the same as a successful extra point by the offense. 

When can an offensive lineman move and when is it a false start? As to why they differ dramatically in how they move teams about, it actually probably has a lot to do with their intent, but also how the post season in each league is structured. 

College rankings sort of matter. NFL power rankings don't at all. 

Obviously this is apples to oranges. Aggregated polls versus very small sample analysis means that the results really aren't comparable between the two functions. I've noticed that sometimes an offensive lineman will seem to get down in his stance but then stand back up to listen to the Quarterbacks' audible. But today I saw a college basketball player sitting on the court, long after most other players were moving on, waving at teammates to come over and give him a hand up. It wasn't an act of sportsmanship, it seemed more like he needed help simply to stand up (and no, he wasn't injured). I actually see this quite often and it always puzzles me. 

As I said, I can understand it in football due to the pads they wear affecting mobility when on the ground, but that isn't present in basketball. I don't really watch any other sports, so I don't know if it is prevalent anywhere else. I understand the sportsmanship element in helping an opponent (or teammate) up. Watching televised sports, especially American Football and Basketball, it seems that whenever a player falls or is knocked down, he needs help getting back up. With football, it is somewhat understandable, since they wear pads that get in the way. But for a basketball player, it seems trivial to stand up, yet I often see players sit on the court until another player offers them a hand up. 

Is there a reason for this? I understand that one reason might be a form of team camaraderie. But is there any other reason? Is it difficult for the downed player to stand on his own?