He simply leaves when you start his quest at the waypoint. 

As mentioned, they follow you for a time as they did the first time, and only after where it would have asked "Do you want X to join your party" the second disappears. The brief bits of bonus dialogue are as follows: 

You rescue Kormac the Templar from cultists in the cathedral during the Act I quest Reign of the Black King. 

Double Scoundrel After meeting the clone: 

35.08% reduction from armor, 23.49% from arcane resist... 

Who and where are vendors that sell rings and amulets in each act? 

Do not add people you do not know to your friends list. If they add you, contact them through some other means (e.g. SE chat room, IM, whatever) and tell them to put something identifiable in the message that is attached with the friend request (as an aside, I've probably rejected a half-dozen requests made because my name was on the GSE list and I didn't recognize them) or check their numeric identifier afterwards (right-click name, "View Profile"): 

Talk to/interact with your "friends" before blindly giving them stuff. If they're level 1, don't give them stuff for their or their "other friend's" "level 59 Witch Doctor". If you're worried about giving away level 1-20 stuff, the opportunity cost of simply talking with your "friend" is vastly higher than grinding mobs in Hell/Inferno. If they are level 50-60 somehow (dubious, see above), don't blindly give them a ton of gear. Hopefully your friend would be offering other gear in return as they happen across it. 

Don't give up Intelligence if you can bear it. Non-stat abilities (especially Magic Find) this early in the game are not your friend - you will be tempted to give up good equipment for them, and it isn't worth it. Intelligence will increase your damage and resistances, and should be well above all your other stats. I don't care if those rare boots have 9% Faster Run walk and 10% MF - you use those +20 Int boots over them, any day of the week. That being said, if it isn't a big damage hit, Vitality is also critically important for staying alive. 

The Wizard's Teleport and the Barbarian's Leap both allow them to move to a new location. In using Teleport, I've noticed there are some times when I can teleport to a location my mouse is on, and there are some times I cannot. I suspect Leap is similar. 

Anytime you see this swirly garbage, switch to a non-projectile attack (e.g. Disintegrate, Blizzard, Electrocution, etc.).