Further, it may not be fair to say that the Measurement Argument is a non-reductio proof of Cantor's result. While the actual proof is non-reductio, it does rely on Measure Theory. Precisely, the proof shows that any countable set has zero measure. However, it may be that those measure-theoretic results which allow us to say that an uncountable set has non-zero measure may themselves currently have only reductio proofs. The mathematical study of probability does not tell us what probability means. The problem of how we interpret probability, like most philosophical problems, cannot be answered mathematically. Here is the short mathematical answer : As per your request, I shall try to make my answer more clear. Aaronson begins by arguing that the independence of GC from ZF would imply its real world truth. This is Platonism in the sense that it assumes that GC is either true or false (in the real world), amongst other things. This is correct, if we read the original naive formulation of set theory (as per Cantor) as being that of our intuition. It is also misleading to suggest that it is Badiou who is identifying these issues, since they were well known and dealt with by mathematicians long before Badiou came along. While I am not an expert on set theory, it appears clear to me that the author, and by implication Badiou, have some fundamental misconceptions on the status of contemporary set theory. Brassier, on the other hand, seems to be a credible guy. The concept of probability is obviously important scientifically since it is at the heart of many of our scientific theories - e.g., quantum theory and genetics. It is also philosophically important because it may shed some light on the problem of inductive inference which lies at the heart of our scientific theories. A more complete extract, which largely makes sense, is : I'm not sure that I entirely agree with your analysis. Importantly here, we expect the ideal formulation of Occam's razor to be found in Plato's ideal world. It would therefore appear to be in some ways ironic (not to mention disingenuous) to start hacking away at Plato with one of his own forms.