If geometry can change, perhaps categories can? Gauss was known to have read Kants first critique where this extract is taken from (at least five times, according to one source) then one could conjecture that this - which is talking about geometry, his speciality - opened up for him the possibility of making a definite mathematical model of non-Euclidean geometry. Sometimes in mathematics all one needs is a hint or a cue, and Kant may, and more than likely to, have provided this for him. 

I think one should note that in the short extract that you've given Ayer shortcuts Kants reasoning - assenting to Kants 'existence is not an attribute' does not mean that one covertly assigns an existence to a substance once one asserts an attribute. Looking over The SEPs entry on Substance one sees that: Did his thought have an impact on the acceptance of the copenhagen interpretation of QM where the observer is required to collapse the 'wave-function' and render an observation macroscopically visible? compare to this to the first definition of Elements which defines a point: 

Spinoza uses Descartes terminology 'clear and distinct'. In Descartes Fourth Meditation, he states everything we can percieve 'clearly and distinctly' is true. This comes from his theory of perception. I, for example, right now 'clearly and distinctly' see a mug of coffee next to me, and I cannot deny that. It is true. Descarte is arguing if an idea has a similar conidition of being seen as 'clearly and distinctly' then it is has the same quality of being true. We cannot say that the noumena exists nor does not exist because that is an application of the category of existence, to the noumena which we insist we cannot have direct access to. 

And, a man may be rational but his understanding might not be sufficiently penetrating; such that his actions look irrational. Kant does not refute empiricism - he rescues it. It is Hume that philosophically undermined the standing of empiricism by using its analytical equipment against itself. 

The parallels with the actual extract from Kant should be clear. 

I'm by no means an expert in this area - but it seems that Kant is referring to substance theory. Note in particular this Anek훮ntav훮da - literally means not-one-attribute-school-of-thought, from which derives their form of relativism & sceptism. Also, sy훮dv훮da - means from-a-perspective-school-of-thought 

Kant reconceptualises them within his critical philosophy so that science, that is objective knowledge is possible; because science deals with things that are; this is his answer to Humes critique of induction. Now, one might say a point is natural & intuitive; it is something that is visible, or 'clear and distinct' to the eye. It takes a moments thought to see that 'it has no parts'. But, actually this covers up a long debate going by Zeno and the atomists which defined an 'atom as having no part'. An atom is metaphysical: it has no basis in reality. Similarly, a point is metaphysical in the same sense. But we say that it is 'clear and distinct' because of the force of the argument, and the clear connection with in the one hand with matter, and the other with geometry. By Euclids time, one supposes the definition of a point was accepted by geometers. 

Then, according to Guyer, in the short snippet above, he would say 'why, no ...' Second, he showed that one cannot draw morals from pure descriptions of man, sociey & nature. Hence empirical morality is not possible. Traditionally, of course morality had been underpinned by theology.