As time goes past between that first mouthful and say the one-year mark so much happens: 

Then go on to explain how important it is for BabyName to get lots of grandparent time, and even how you're looking forward to a time when BabyName is older and in a stage where you and the grandparents are more in sync on big deal stuff so that they can babysit. After all, you're going to need sitters for a decade, decade and a half - they might not be eligible for the first few years, but don't say never. 

This is something I needed to deal with. If they are starting to ask why they can't babysit, I would say something like this: 

Accept that this is one of those hard things babies and their parents are going to learn. Don't try to start it too early - that makes it even harder - but don't try to skip it entirely. Perhaps you want to minimize the length of the "spooning mush into the mouth" phases, but do so by getting the baby self-feeding (not with a spoon, with things she can pick up) not by sticking with the bottle. 

In contrast if you thicken milk with cereal or pureed vegetables the only need you are meeting is nutritional. 50 years ago doctors would suggest this for babies that weren't sleeping well. That might have some value, but it's not a long term strategy to stick with till one year of age. 

Do not spend effort trying to get them to agree that how they did it is wrong, or even that what they want to do is wrong. They don't get a vote. There is no need to try to defeat them on the facts. Let them keep their beliefs that their way was ok for their times and their kids. Just don't let them take care of the baby right now, and reassure them that this has nothing to do with who loves whom or who is objectively right and wrong. It's just how it's going to be for now. I recommend this position primarily because it cannot be argued with. The arguments stop. And that lets you focus on finding the good parts about being an extended family, even if at the moment they don't include free babysitting. 

Usually somewhere between 6 months and a year your sleep is close to normal, and then eventually you will forget the details of it. That's how second children come to be :-) 

Try to set your life up so you can be safe and functional even if you're a little groggy. This might mean taking the bus or walking instead of driving, or outsourcing the bookkeeping for your family business. To prepare for things like losing your keys, locking yourself out of the car or house, etc, make plenty of copies of keys and hide them on the property or leave them with a neighbor. When you cook, cook a large batch and freeze some so that another time you don't need to cook. Plan your meals in advance and put the plan on the fridge where you can see it, so when you forget, you will be reminded what has defrosted or what has been bought and needs to be cooked before it spoils. Use "information radiators" like wall calendars, bulletin boards, written todo lists and the like to spare yourself from having to remember or from having to tell your spouse that something important is or isn't done. Sleep deprived people forget things. Technology can help to remind you. This sort of preparation can smooth over the rough patches dramatically.