... as a mercy from your Lord. And I did it not of my own accord. That is the interpretation of that about which you could not have patience. This was put into practice: honey was used to cure bowel movement during the time of the Prophet ﷺ as can be seen from this hadith: — Sunan Abi Dawud » Model Behavior of the Prophet » Hadith 4604 This surah was revealed to the Messenger of Allah in Mina, in the middle of the days of al-Tashreeq in his Farewell Pilgrimage: «When the victory of Allah has come and the conquest». He recognized that this meant his life was to end soon, so he ordered [them] to bring over his camel, Al-Qaswa', which he mounted. Muslims gathered by al-'Aqaba, where he praised Allah, then said ... 

It is to be noted that the verses refer to real honey from bees that are free to roam around following the ways of their Lord, and eating from all the fruits as they will ... not from bees that are farmed and fed according to controlled programs, then have their honey processed to produce the products one buys in today's markets. 

The Qur'an was revealed in progression, as you mentioned, with verses from the same chapter being revealed not necessarily in sequence. The Qur'an was revised in its entirety with Gabriel once a year, and twice in the last year prior to the death of the Prophet ﷺ. This typically took place in the month of Ramadan. 

Evil is part of what Allah created as can be seen from Qur'an 4:78: The fact that the Qur'an was revealed after Ibrahim is irrelevant since the term "Muslims" does not refer solely to followers of Qur'an or Prophet Muhammad, but to followers of Allah and his message at the time (Qur'an 22-78). According to the same chapter, the most worthy of Ibrahim are Ibrahim's followers and the followers of the Prophet and those who believe in Allah and his messages (Qur'an 3:68), all of which are called Muslims according to Islamic teachings (submitting to Allah), irrespective of which time period they belong to, or which scripture they follow. In other words, true followers of Issa would be worthy of Ibrahim, and would be called Muslims, too. The Qur'an has numerous references to people prior to the revelation of the Qur'an being called Muslims, e.g., followers of Issa in Qur'an 3:52, Ibrahim and his sons and grandsons in Qur'an 2:132-133 and in Qur'an 2:128, Nooh (Noah) as in Qur'an 10:71-72, etc. In his tafsir, Ibn-Kathir said (my own translation, so treat with care): The Prophet ﷺ emphasized the same concept in his hadith: The writing style used in the Holy Qur'an is that acts of charity, mercy and generosity are attributed to Allah, may He be exalted, and said acts would not be mentioned without attribution. Whereas, when it comes to acts of justice, retribution, or punishment, the attribution is omitted as a form of proper etiquette. 

... and he said regarding the boy "we intended" as if he attributed the murder to himself, and the substitution to Allah, may He be exalted ... We do see a very good example of what Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya mentioned in Qur'an 1:7: 

A few translations of Qur'an 79:30 say that the Earth is egg-shaped. For example: 

It doesn't look like it; the "literal" translation is listed as: which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here. In simple terms, the word "galaxy" has nothing to do with day and night. The word "orbit" has comparatively little to do with day and night. What's relevant is "spin" and what we see is consistent with the referenced ayah. 

This link is contested. Terrorism is incompatible with the teachings of Islam (as described below), so the "link" between Islam and terrorism is considered false. Someone who commits e.g. murder (one of the worst possible sins) is acting directly against the Qur'an, e.g.: 

But I'm more interested in if the Arabic in Qur'an 79:30 implies "egg-shaped", like the translations above state. 

Say, "Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him, and to parents, good treatment, and do not kill your children out of poverty; We will provide for you and them. And do not approach immoralities - what is apparent of them and what is concealed. And do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed] except by [legal] right. This has He instructed you that you may use reason." -- Qur'an 6:151 

It's also worth noting an example of how these findings are fudged to fit the pattern the author is seeking: 

This appears to be what Wikipedia is alluding to when it says: Sadly, violence happens even in generally peace-loving countries like the USA (e.g. the US Gun Violence Archive). I recognize that there's words to the effect of "Muhammad is the messenger of God" throughout the Qur'an, but I'm wondering if this exact phrasing occurs. 

In this sense, there is a connecting element, or "link" between Islam and terrorism. Reporters are doing their job as best they can, which involves reporting what they see. They don't exactly go to Afghanistan to report on e.g. Afghan cuisine and hospitality. War and Peace, and the lyrics to Ice Ice Baby (see John Safran vs. God, episode 7) 

Pattens have be found in e.g.: The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) 

People are more likely to believe these patterns are meaningful in books with more mysticism surrounding them. 

There's some scientific misconceptions here: Islam, which is a religion of peace and tolerance, condemns this act and sees this is as a wounding scar on the face of humanity. -- Shaikh Muhammad Yusuf Islahi in response to the September 11 attacks (and many other scholars, Islamic Statements Against Terrorism)