— Sunan Ibn Majah » Chapter on Blood Money » Book 21 » Hadith 2785 

The path of those upon whom You have bestowed favor, not of those who have evoked [Your] anger or of those who are astray. 

There are several other forms of the proper etiquette in addressing attributions. For instance, Prophet Ibrahim when addressing his people in Qur'an 26:80: 

Had there been any value in specifying the name of the city and the names of the messengers, Allah would have revealed them in the verse, or through a hadith by the Prophet, or his companions would have asked about them. The verse warns the people of Mecca of what happens to those who do not follow the messengers: It was not but one shout, and immediately they were extinguished. 

The ruling in question derived from An-Nisa' 4: is corroborated by the hadiths that explain it and that narrate that those who had more than four wives were asked to keep only four. For example: 

Another example is in Al-Ma'idah 5:32 where Allah narrates the story of the sons of Adam, where one kills another to marry his sister, then Allah tells us that it was prescribed upon Bani Isra'īl a specific extrapolation of the act on Judgment Day (whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption, it is as if he had slain mankind entirely). Note that the verse mentions the specific reasons, and a relevant extrapolation for accountability in front of Allah, but the earthly ruling of punishment remains to be the execution of the murderer. 

The same applies to Al-Ma'idah 5:47; it is about what Allah has revealed, not the books (the four Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John) that are commonly accepted as the Gospels today, and of course not the epistles of Paul or any other books in the New Testament it its current form. 

We do see a very good example of what Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya mentioned in Qur'an 1:7: 

There are other references similar to the ones above that resulted in the ruling of four being accepted as the maximum for Muslim men, except for the Prophet ﷺ, who was instructed to keep his wives while adding some restrictions on whom he could marry, and a condition for his wives that they would be eligible for re-marriage after his death. 

Based on all of the above, the rule is that it is permitted for a man to marry up to four wives. 

In Arabic, you can refer to al-Jami' li Ahkām al-Qur'an, Vol. 5, pp. 172-173 (2nd Ed. Cairo: 1964) for more information. 

There is a third opinion that that says Qur'an 4:16 is potentially referring to hetrosexual relationships between men and women with no condition of chastity. Among them are (not a comprehensive list) al-Hassan al-Basri, Abu Hisham al-Rifa'i (also adopts the possibility of the second opinion), Muhammad ibn Hummayyid, Yahya ibn Wadih al-Marwazi, and Yazid ibn Abi Sa'id al-Nahwi. 

From an Islamic point of view, the verses here do not refer to the Torah commonly referred to as the first five books of the Old Testament. 

Having said that, there are several views. The most prevalent view is that the city was Antioch (in modern-day Turkey), which was ruled by a king called Antiochus. The three messengers were Sādiq, Sadūq, and Shalōm. This is what Ibn Kathir considered the most likely view based on narrations attributed to Ibn 'Abbas, Ka'b al-Ahbār, and Wahb ibn Munabbih. 

Wherever you may be, death will overtake you, even if you should be within towers of lofty construction. But if good comes to them, they say, "This is from Allah "; and if evil befalls them, they say, "This is from you." Say, "All [things] are from Allah ." So what is [the matter] with those people that they can hardly understand any statement? 

The two tribes of Bani Israel went to the Prophet ﷺ for arbitration. The verse in question was then revealed to the Prophet ﷺ. The translation of its meaning is: 

Evil is part of what Allah created as can be seen from Qur'an 4:78: 

And we do not know [therefore] whether evil is intended for those on earth or whether their Lord intends for them a right course.