In addition to spreading truth, the printing press also made it easier to spread error, untruths, and heresy. This certainly concerned the Church, and the Church's love for seeking truth and defending it prompted the establishment of the Inquisition (which did not execute a single heretic; the State, however, did). 

This is sedevacantism because sedevacantism doesn't deny the papacy (as Protestants do). 

The following is an excellent historical work which overviews the medieval university, preparatory schools, popular education, technical education, women, hospitals, law, and economics: being offered temporal help: "Woe, shepherds of Israel who have been feeding yourselves! Should not shepherds feed the sheep?" (Ez 34:2). If the Church were obscurantist, then why do so many cathedrals have such beautiful artwork, which very effectively instructed illiterate and literate people alike in the truths of Holy Scripture? 

Many of us remember how, before the liturgical reform due to the Second Vatican Council, the celebrant and the faithful knelt at the end of each Mass to recite the prayer to Our Lady and one to St. Michael the Archangel. We report the text of this latter because it is a beautiful prayer which can be fruitfully recited by all: 

The Council of Florence defined, and the First Vatican Council (Pastor Æternus cap. 4) reiterated, that 

On the part of the Church, however, there is mercy which looks to the conversion of the wanderer, wherefore she condemns not at once, but "after the first and second admonition," as the Apostle directs: after that, if he is yet stubborn, the Church no longer hoping for his conversion, looks to the salvation of others, by excommunicating him and separating him from the Church, and furthermore delivers him to the secular tribunal to be exterminated thereby from the world by death. For Jerome commenting on Gal. 5:9, "A little leaven," says: "Cut off the decayed flesh, expel the mangy sheep from the fold, lest the whole house, the whole paste, the whole body, the whole flock, burn, perish, rot, die. Arius was but one spark in Alexandria, but as that spark was not at once put out, the whole earth was laid waste by its flame." There is no evidence that this group evolved into the modern Catholic Church; in fact, Eusebius states in his History of the Church that the sect "lasted for a very short time". Admittedly not all laws against heretics were of this sort; still, it does appear that (especially several hundred years ago) rulers were not only more powerful as individuals than we're accustomed to seeing today, but also more apt to put their personal religious views into law. The Church was happy to take advantage of this; Thomas Aquinas, for example, fully agreed that heretics ought to be put to death (after, as he carefully pointed out, being allowed multiple opportunities to recant): Sed vir Domini magnopere petenti feminae quid dare potuisset inquirens, nihil apud se aliud nisi se invenit, petentique feminae respondit, dicens: Mulier, quod possim dare non habeo, sed memetipsum tolle, servum me iuris tui esse profitere, atque ut filium tuum recipias, me vice illius in servitium trade. 

After the Reformation, and particularly after the European Wars of Religion, governments seem to have been less likely to want to cooperate with ecclesiastical authorities in this way; and eventually the Church seems to have stopped expecting it. The Catholic Encyclopedia, written in 1909, states: