If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. The ranking of each team in each group will be determined as follows: d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there) The FIFA Rules of the game don't actively say anything about two-legged tackles. Tackles, in fact, are only mentioned twice in the rulebook. With regard to the first example you cited, the reason behind why the foul was not given was not because Neuer got to the ball first. Rather, it was likely because the referee did not think a foul had been committed (in fact, I think he called a foul against Higuain). There is an argument to be made that Neuer's jump towards the ball was reckless, but both players had eyes on the ballso if that was reckless, then Higuain running into the goalkeeper could also be deemed reckless. Goalkeepers do tend to be protected a bit because they are often in vulnerable positions - jumping up high to get to the ball with their hands. Second mention (Page 126, Interpretation of the Laws of the Game, Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct): FIFA's Laws of the Game is linked below. Law 12, regarding Fouls and Misconduct, can be found starting on Page 36 of the document linked below. I won't recap the full text of it (it's about 4 pages long), but the highlights are basically that a foul (in the run of play) consists of any of the following, if the referee considers it to be careless, reckless or using excessive force: One note is that amateur leagues will play by mostly FIFA rules, but with some significant modifications. In some, slide tackles are not allowed at all. In others, two-legged tackles may be illegal. As pointed out in the comments, these are likely not true association football, as these are not standard rule modifications allowed by FIFA (without prior approval). However, many of these leagues are non-competitive anyway. f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; A specific answers to your questions: I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: So the question is what deliberately means. You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. Source: FIFA laws of the games b) goal difference in all group matches; If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT