The Gödel sentence is: there is a sentence p such that p<=>not BGp where BGp means that the sentence p has a proof. Now this Gödel sentence has a proof. But the sentence says p is true <=> p has no proof. (If one views Kronecker as the father of intuitionism arising in opposition to Cantors formalism; one can view todays multiverse of sets now only dimly seen, as through a mist, the synthesis of these two contradictory positions. A rather nice example of a Hegelian dialectical movement - if it works). Mathematics is generally & popularly judged a science in the basic duality: science - humanities. As enemies and collaborationists. The border heavily & fiercely policed. reflexivity (it is always true that x=x for any x) Mathematically speaking, it's a form of ultra-finitism, as for example written about by the Russian mathematician Esenin-Volpin. I think that you are correct, every mathematical object has a tacit context within which it is being considered. How about geometry, a triangle in euclidean, hyperbolic & elliptic spaces are different. Presumably this can be generalised to manifolds with a metric (patches are locally euclidean, hyperbolic & elliptic). This can't be standard smooth manifolds since they are by definition locally euclidean. Now as far as Logicians are concerned this is only a fragment of a logic. There is no mechanism for inference, nor its truth-functionality. That is we cannot say whether the logic is complete or sound - which to Quine was a serious argument for taking FOL as logic. Given there are now two approaches to foundations, is it arguable that the 'true' Set Theory is something that is only represented in the two approaches? In the same way say that the number '9' is represented as nine or 1001? Finally for mathematical philosophy orientated towards the mathematics broadly concieved, probably Lakatos, Lautman & Zalamea are your best bet. ETCS is better seen as a specialisation of the notion of a Topos. In fact, ETCS is a topos equipped with a natural numbers object, that is well-pointed and has choice. Toposes are seen as a more natural context, since this is the most appropriate level at which the associated type theory & logic (which is intuitionistic and higher-order), and geometric side to them too - the theory of sheaves are seen. However, it seems to me that Poppers theory, which entitles science-hood by falsification doesn't apply to mathematics at all. note: sometimes the word philosophy in mathematics is used in a non-philosophical manner; for example the 'philosophy' of the Langlands programme; in this sense its better thought of strategy and tactics; in other words the mathematical landscape hasn't been fixed so one requires guidance of how to look at it, and how to navigate it. Thus one could concieve a possible world as a world in 'logical space' that contains no contradiction; but this may not be how Liebniz concieved it. If you're interest in Buddhism & connection with mathematics, there is a school of Buddhist logic & atomism which would be probably worth investigating. It isn't logic in the formal Freagean sense - consider for example Hegel who used the word Logic in a very different way. The Catuskoti is a logical mantra that is used by them, and in particular by Nagarjuna. The jains also have their own distinctive logic and phenomenology. Interestingly enough two of their truth values go like this: it exists and is indescribable; it does not exist and that is indescribable. I find this useful in pondering Kants noumena.