I should warn you, however, it is always dangerous to derive your conclusions before you have reviewed the evidence. If you use evidence selectively to support your conclusion, you are going to look very foolish when your teacher produces evidence you have ignored to challenge you. We are told (mainly by Roman writers, writing after her capture and exile in Rome) that Zenobia styled herself "Queen of the East". 

Although not cheap, Philip de Souza's book Piracy in the Graeco-Roman World is well worth reading if you can get hold of a copy. Alternatively, his 1992 PhD thesis on Piracy in the Ancient World is available free online. 

Rather than waiting for Darusha to get all his forces in place, Thutmose launched a pre-emptive attack. 2 - How did the citizens and the people inside Megiddo itself not see the Egyptian army? 

If cooking on board ship was required, an area would typically be lined with "fire bricks" to reduce the risk of fire on board, as found, for example, on the Roman period Cabrera III shipwreck. In fact, fire-bricks would continue to be used to protect galleys on wooden ships right up to the eighteenth-century. As they do not decay in seawater, they are one of the more common finds on the wreck sites, including, for example, from sixteenth-century Spanish galleons in the Americas. 

So, let's get back to the question. If the Greeks had fallen and were taken under Persian rule would there have been any force in Europe capable of preventing a complete annexation of Europe? The historian Victor Duruy, writing in the late 19th century, believed that Zenobia used the Greek version of her name in deference to her Greek subjects. She certainly adopted Greek versions of titles in some of her inscriptions. Overall, however, the authors conclude that the dominance of the: As far as I know, neither version is considered definitive by historians or archaeologists. At this distance, a difference of 12 hours or so is likely to be impossible to prove either way. 3) The Phalanx can't open ranks like that. Chariots don't need to pivot to attack if they were inside the phalanx, they shoot sideways or out the rear, not over their own horses. 

1) Chariots never charged any formed infantry, ever. They relied on the infantry breaking first at the sight. If they did not, the chariots pivoted and used missile fire at the infantry. Horses don't run into things willingly. 4) The Chariots can hit things fine when in motion, its what they train for. In the battle though, Alexander let them pass and rode on, so losses would be minimal. It is clear that the opening of ranks is in the Companion Cavalry, not the Phalanx. 

Attack of the Persian Scythed chariots 

Owing to the very small amount of information which has come down to us regarding the gods of ancient England and Germany, it cannot be determined how far the character and adventures attributed to Odin in Scandinavian mythology were known to other Teutonic peoples. From Woden also most of the anglo-Saxon royal families traced their descent. 2) The troops under Alexander's Personal Command were Cavalry. Not the Phalanx. 

Primitive Norse and Germanic Cultures used ritual hanging to dedicate prisoners to the Gods, Odin or Wotan. "Greece and Rome" were rediscovered in Europe during the Renaissance, and their forms of government were debated in the 17th century by scholars of the Enlightenment. It wasn't until the late 18th century that these ideas were once again put into practice after the American and French Revolutions as a democracy in the U.S. and a republic in France. 

You appear to be referring to the fact that the priests were drawn from the Levites, one of 12 tribes of Israel. That appeared to have been a "convenience" thing, to formalize the fact that a disproportionate number of priests (and temple workers) came from that tribe. 

This gives one an idea of the strategic importance of this city, and others around it. 

This was before the existence of cannon, or other "missile" weapons for warships that set them apart from other ships. So what distinguished one navy from another was not the quality of ships but the quality of the "sailors," or "marines." (The Roman use of the corvus to pit its superior "marines" against the superior Carthaginian "sailors" demonstrates this principle.) Primitive Norse and Germanic Cultures used ritual hanging to dedicate prisoners to the Gods, Odin or Wotan. 

4) The Chariots can hit things fine when in motion, its what they train for. In the battle though, Alexander let them pass and rode on, so losses would be minimal. Owing to the very small amount of information which has come down to us regarding the gods of ancient England and Germany, it cannot be determined how far the character and adventures attributed to Odin in Scandinavian mythology were known to other Teutonic peoples. From Woden also most of the anglo-Saxon royal families traced their descent. 2) The troops under Alexander's Personal Command were Cavalry. Not the Phalanx. 

Human sacrifices were very frequently offered to Odin, especially prisoners taken in battle. The most common method of sacrifice was by hanging the victim on a tree; and in the poem Hdvamfil the god himself is represented as sacrificed in this way. The worship of Odin seems to have prevailed chiefly, if not solely, in military circles, i.e. among princely families and the retinues of warriors attached to them. It is probable, however, that the worship of Odin was once common to most of the Teutonic peoples.