You don't say what components it has now (Shimano or Suntour and which specific parts, right shifter indexed or not, etc), what the rear end spacing is (probably 126 if it's a 6spd cassette), and whether you care about indexing if you do have an indexed right shifter. The frame alignment could get a little screwed up. If this is a 126mm spaced steel bike then it's more or less okay to just jam a modern 130 wheel in there and go. If you want to take the best care of the frame possible, you should respace it though. If it's 120 you should definitely respace it, and if it's not steel you shouldn't do it. But, if you have a 6-speed Shimano Uniglide cassette, all but the smallest cog can in fact go on a modern Shimano-compatible wheel. More info on this here and here. You'd then get a modern smallest position cog and a lockring, and spacers for behind the cassette to take up all the extra room. You'll also need some very thin spacers to get the cog-to-cog spacing right on the small cog. Again according to Sheldon's numbers, you need .5mm worth there if you use a cog from a 7spd Cassette, since that cog will have a built in spacer for 5mm cog-to-cog and you want 5.5. Shops do have cassette spacers that thin, but they're very seldom used now so you may have to hunt. I think most framebuilders would approach this in a way where they get full access to the broken face of the dropout, so they could work it down smooth, and then replace either all or part of the chainstay, the goal being to re-do the miter between the chainstay and the dropout to get as much contact area as possible, for as much strength as possible. There are possibly some ways a framebuilder could come up with to make it stronger than new as well. (Another approach could be to put in new dropouts completely, to try and accomplish the same things.) I think it's pretty safe to say that unless it was a defect that got you here to begin with, just going in and re-welding it probably won't make it as strong as new. From the look of the cranks/rings/guard the bike is a bike-boom era 10 or 12 speed (as in 2 front chainrings and either 5 or 6 rear cogs). If so, chains specific to such drivetrains, which are labelled 5/6 speed usually, are still made and available. You could order one, but many shops don't carry them, instead choosing to use more modern 8-speed chain for replacements on such bikes, which works perfectly. Different chains, including modern ones, have all sorts of patterns or markings on the tips of the pins. On some there's some level of intentionality to it as a shift aid. There are no bike chains where all the links are screwed together. (There are some half-link styles where the pin screws in place, but that's a tangent.) Just getting it welded by a non-framebuilder could have a couple caveats: Non-bike welders have a tendency to not be prepared for just how thin walled bike tubing is. The dropout end of the chainstay actually is just about the thickest walled tube on a bike, so this effect might be minimized here, but the risk is that they blow through it or just do a bad job on the weld because of it, and the flip side is that dropout is very heavy too. (Generally speaking, one of the challenges of bike frames is managing your heat control when you're joining a thin-walled, low-mass thing to a heavy, slabby thing like a burly dropout or a bottom bracket.) The pictured chain is an older bushing-type chain, which was the norm until bushingless chains took their place. To be clear, the main point of doing this would be an interesting and esoteric bike geek project. After you go through all the trouble of setting it up, you'll have to get another vintage cassette when you finish wearing out this one. (Although it may be possible to make a new one by re-using the spacers from your old one on a new 7spd cassette, or machining your own spacers, etc... again, esoteric.) In addition to saving the trouble of getting the pin back in there, there's also the question of the integrity of modern outer chain links once they've had a pin pushed back through, even in the more normal circumstance of pushing a link halfway out for chain removal. Every current major manufacturer of derailer chains except KMC says not to do this, due to the risk of the fit not being as tight after re-insertion as it's supposed to be. I've long wondered whether there's actually anything different about KMC in this regard, but I know that modern chains in general are prone to breaking, usually during hard or fumbled front shifts, when they've been reconnected the "traditional" way. I wouldn't venture to guess what the odds are of it happening, probably quite low, but putting in another MissingLink eliminates the risk. They're very trouble-free. Having a couple close together may seem goofy but doesn't cause any issues in practice. A side note is that one of the big questions here is what the dropout alignment was like during the life of the bike so far. Poor dropout alignment often causes failure in this area, as the materials are dealing with a permanent stress from the QR or axle nut forcing them parallel, and the stresses of being a right chainstay are added on top of that. It's sometimes the dropout itself that fails in these cases, but the one in question here is on the strong and totally inflexible side, so the joint would bear the brunt of it. The simpler thing by far in a lot of cases is just going to be use a new 7spd cassette and 7/8-speed chain, which will still need a 4.5mm spacer, (plus a 1.8mm spacer on an 11spd freehub, if you're looking at other wheels too). That plan may or may not work seamlessly depending on what else is on the bike, but it probably will, and for cheap. You'll be running it friction unless you add a 7spd indexed shifter, but those are available both new or used/vintage for not much either.