Another example is Jesus. Certainly Jesus could have prevented his death In Conclusion In my opinion, in most assisted suicide cases the benefit of death does not outweigh the cost, but I am unwilling to make a blanket statement against all assisted suicide. I'm sure that there are cases where a Christian's suffering is great enough, and their remaining time is short enough, so that the relief from suffering outweighs the benefit they might have on others in their short remaining time. So when does the benefit of death outweigh the cost? There are probably a few clear cut cases, such as if the person is a vegetable with no chance of recovery. Let that person be with Christ. There is no cut and dry answer of whether choosing death is always okay, or never okay. Like most aspects of Christianity, legalism doesn't work - we must each examine our own hearts, and the Spirit's will for us. I'd like to address the "to a Christian" aspect of the question (I'm not sure the "to a non-Christian" aspect is on topic). I would argue in favour of assisted suicide, on a case by case basis. I don't intend to comment on whether it should be legal or illegal, because I think that is mostly irrelevant to the issue of its morality. The Bible also has several examples of people choosing death when the benefit outweighed the cost. Samson acted as he did, knowing it would kill him. But the benefit outweighed the cost, as he was able to take many Philistines with him, and was likely going to die soon anyway. Note that whether we think killing Philistines is a "good thing" is irrelevant. It apparently fit into God's will and plan, or God would not have given Samson strength to do so (the context suggests that God gave him the strength). One caveat is that we should never assist in the death of an unbeliever. For the unbeliever, we need to hold out fervent hope that he will come to Christ before his demise. Though the unbeliever does not realize it, the benefit of relieving temporary suffering never outweighs the cost of missing out on the chance to come to Christ. Is it ever okay for a Christian to choose death? One response by Christians to assisted suicide is that we do not belong to ourselves, and thus do not have the right to choose death. My problem with this argument is that it is too black and white. What about martyrdom? We ought to be willing to give up our lives for the cause of Christ, which in many cases (such as refusing to denounce Christ at gunpoint) is effectively suicide. So clearly there are some cases when it is okay to choose death.