I'd start by telling him you're not going to treat him like a little kid. He is old enough to start taking responsibility for his actions -- or lack of them, and that you are not going to remind or ask him more than once to do anything. Then do what you've said. If the child's mother accepts you as having a full parental responsibily, then yes, you need to be on the same page as her. Teachers of special needs or very young students have to teach students the ability to sit on a task for longer periods of time. Attention span is a problem for all teachers and his teacher should already know how to help students increase theirs. There are also stickers and so on that tell a parent that the child has earned a privilege at the end of the school day. If there is no sticker or whatever, the special thing doesn't happen. Special things might be drawing with the parent, or anything that isn't food/money or necessary-exercise based. It could be staying up 15 mins later or watching a specific show on TV. The parent doesn't need to say anything more than, "I'm sorry you did not earn the special thing." No further action is taken or needed. The child IS in charge of that. When it comes to maths/ colours/spelling, and so on -- perhaps look for teaching games -- some can be made by you, others might be borrowed from the library. Board games are a positive and fun way to learn basic skills. There are dozens in retail stores that are tried and true. "I am sorry that you are cold because you chose not to bring your jacket. I will take you home and next time you can bring your coat." He has lost his playtime at the park, but chose not to bring the jacket and the consequence is natural. You have no need to be angry and you can even commiserate with him. I'd also (not suggest) be open to him telling you that someone lighter in skin tone than him said something to him about his skin. Explain that the reason we still have biases today is because some of us have a basic human need and way of thinking that humans need to work at being mature enough to not judge others by skin colour or age and so on. Explain that it is a sign of intelligence to not act on feelings of unearned bias.