As a consequence, Omega_QQ contains the classes of the particular sequences small-omega with elements a_n = 1/n and big-omega with elements b_n = n. small-omega is infinitesimal because it is non-zero and smaller than every fixed positive number. While big_omega is infinite because it is greater than any fixed positive number. The concept of infinitesimal small and infinitely large numbers has been been formalized by the mathematical domain of non-standard analysis. From the view point of science it often looks as if philosophers emphasize as the unique feature of their discipline: To ask questions but not to give answers. As long as the awareness lacks that progress is a quality measure of an academic discipline, I do not expect philosophers developing their own criteria to measure progress in philosophy. Hence Kants wants to save the fundamental concepts from traditional metaphysics. He accepts these concepts. His critique serves to defend them, not to question their qualification. The field of rationals (QQ,+,*) embedds into the ring (Omega_QQ,+,*). Elements of the latter are the equivalence classes of sequences of rational numbers; two sequences are considered equivalent when their difference is zero for all but finitely many elements of the sequence. 3) In the Critique of Pure Reason Kant writes 1787: I am not as interested in if the work was actually influential or widely read, but if it was considered to be influential and widely read. However, knowledge of the first can inform the second. Finally, I put "(re-)" in the title, is that appropriate? Was the Republic considered to be Plato's most popular work in antiquity (say during the Hellenistic period, when many schools formed as descendants of Socrates as told by Plato; see note [2]), or did the ancients prefer a different text of his? Notes After translating the works, it seems that Ficino commented on several dialogues like Parmenides, Sophist, Philebus, Timaeus, Phaedrus and (only) part of the Republic (the confusing numerology from 546a-e). Although he also uses some imagery from the Republic, like the cave, it seems to be mostly coming through engaging with Plotinus and not Plato's Republic directly. However, during the Medieval ages, it was largely lost to Western Europe, and part of the Timaeus was the only Platonic work available before the 12th century (when the Meno and the Phaedo were translated, but not widely read). Except for this, Plato's works were unavailable to the Latindom until the Renaissance when Marsilio Ficino translated the complete works of Plato in the late 15th century (see also note [1]). Walter Ong, Ramus, Method, and the Decay of Dialogue: From the Art of Discourse to the Art of Reason (1958); Neal Gilbert, Renaissance Concepts of Method (1960); See also Euclid, Book X: units are counted while magnitudes are measured. The signs belong either to logic or to arithmetic proper. The signs of logic that occur here are ten in number, although not all are necessary. We can see Maimonides for some hint and: Joshua Parens, Maimonides and Spinoza: Their Conflicting Views of Human Nature, University of Chicago Press (2012) Today we explain snow and ice as different "transformation" of a basic "element" : water. It is easy to imagine that, for ancient Greek naturalists , also the different "types" of earth can be "transformations" of a basic element common to all. Finally, see: Steven Nadler, Spinoza's Heresy: Immortality and the Jewish Mind, Oxford UP (2001), for an account of Spinoza's view about the mind (page ix):