Sahih Muslim - The Book of Prayer - Friday 

So, according to this verse, it seems that it says you shouldn't force the slave women if they want to desire chastity. But that opens up the possibility: if they ain't desiring chastity, it is possible to tell your slave girls to do prostitution without force. Or am I misunderstanding it? 

Imam Ahmed's report of the hadith includes: "By He in whose hands is my soul, verily Allah will bring this matter [Islam] into completion till women travel from Hira and circumambulate the Ka'ba without being accompanied by anyone." 

Is everything that is harmful for oneself haram? Please add references that prove that whatever is harmful for oneself is haram. 

According to this, a woman is free to travel alone as she is safe and no harm is expected. 

From this hadith with its different chains of narration, some scholars have derived the permissibility of a woman traveling alone if her safety is guaranteed. Moreover, they have used this hadith to restrict other prohibiting hadiths which, according to them, referred to the lack of security associated with travel in the distant past. 

Now the hadith I am asking about is this: 

Shortly about the other opinion It is known that there is another opinion that it is forbidden for a woman to travel alone. I also like to point out that most of the scholars (of today), that follow the other opinion, does not mention the reason why it is forbidden, instead they try to describe it to be an absolute rule in Sharia given by Allah, that we have to follow, without questioning it, in order to be faithful to the command of God. Never do they mention that Sharia is a matter of different of opinions and ijtihad. This is a matter of ikhtilaf (difference of opinion), and we should respect each others opinions without looking down on each other. Both opinions are from the Quran and Sunnah! 

O Prophet! Tell thy wives and daughters, and the believing women, that they should cast their outer garments over their persons (when abroad): that is most convenient, that they should be known (as such) and not molested. And Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful