In challenge, Boso refers to the language of Matthew 6:12 ("forgive us our debts"), and wonders why man must simply forgive without repayment, but God cannot. Anselm responds: 

What is an overview of Catholic and Protestant teaching on the meaning of the phrase "all Israel will be saved" in Romans 11:26? 

Collective salvation With that understanding of the hope of salvation and the kingdom of God, it's easy to see how it connects to a concept of collective or societal salvation. In the sermon "What Shall We Do to Be Saved?", King explicitly stated that "the process of social salvation is the same as the process of individual salvation." Origen An earlier example of this view is found in the writings of Origen (early to middle third century). Unfortunately, his commentaries on Galatians have been lost, but it seems likely that something like the following would have been included in them. In his commentary on Romans, 8.7.6, he writes: 

He cautions against taking this too far, but finds this as evidence that infants who die may be saved: Thus the phrase "dead in our sins" (cf. Eph 2:5) shouldn't be understood restrictively. The unsaved are indeed dead in their sins, but they aren't spiritually dead exclusively because of their own sins – their spiritual deadness is rooted in Adam's sin. 

In the same chapter, he writes regarding a specific image of the atonement: "if it does not help you, drop it." He later clarified that he did not mean "reject" but rather that it "'need not be used' – a very different thing."3 Taking a position on this question is not necessary, he writes: Everett Ferguson, in Church History, I.21.IV, cites Tertullian (d. ~240) as a proto-satisfaction theory of atonement thinker: Others do the same but find a different view in his writing: 

Aslan then proceeds to give himself up to the White Witch, who kills him to appease the Deep Magic. 

Against these moral instructions he contrasts the "works of the Law": I'll provide answers from a couple charismatic theologians, Wayne Grudem and J. Rodman Williams. Williams is the author of the first charismatic systematic theology, Renewal Theology, and I'll quote from it and some of his other writings. Elsewhere, in Reflections on the Psalms, Lewis again employs language reminiscent of a fiscal substitutionary atonement: Anselm argues that if given the choice between disobeying God, and allowing the destruction of the universe and everything in it, that the former option is still a sin: and that this gives us an idea of how bad sin is in God's eyes. (1.21) 

Thus, in order to provide a reasonably comprehensive answer the question, it will be necessary to outline Anselm's argument, briefly discussing its logic, and citing the biblical passages that he references along the way. However, he is forced to rely on it in a few places, and he also tangentially mentions it in others. For example, he assumes the existence of God, and accepts the historicity of the Fall of Man as described in Genesis 3. While arguing that sin makes mankind a debtor to God, he mentions several texts (I'm quoting the NABRE here): 

Individual salvation Steps of individual salvation King was uncomfortable with orthodox and neo-orthodox understandings of original sin, but he did accept that men are sinful and that they therefore need salvation: 

Modern defenders of this view include N. T. Wright, who sees Paul switching the meaning of "Israel" midstream as a rhetorical device: 

Grudem goes into more detail. He says that even infants have sinful natures, citing Psalm 51:5, but he notes the example of John the Baptist in Luke 1:15, saying: 

Which model of the atonement did C. S. Lewis prefer? 

Sadly, a large gap appears in Victorinus's commentary immediately after this section, so we don't know how he develops the theme. A modern editor, Stephen Cooper, argues that he is pointing out "that there are other works whose obligatory performance by Christians do not bring a curse," not that justification comes from such works. Even so, the distinction is made – Victorinus makes it clear that he sees at least some aspects of the moral law as not in view in Galatians 3:10.