Subtypes of deixis include person (e.g. personal pronouns), spatial (e.g. NPs denoting places with reference to the point where the speaker is standing) and temporal (e.g. tense, time with reference to the present) deixis, and all three need to be changed when transforming from direct to indirect speech and vice versa: Whenever you introduce a node in a syntax tree, you should ensure that the material it dominates form a constituent. In your tree, it's not at all clear that 'the founder of' is a constituent. 

1) Certain interrogative pronouns: Famous examples include 沛公安在 (Peigong {what place} at), meaning where is Peigong (or Peigong at what place in regular Chinese syntax), in the Records of the Grand Historian; 吾誰與歸 (I whom with return), meaning With whom would I return (or I with whom return in regular Chinese syntax), in the celebrated 岳陽樓記 by Fan Zhongyan. (The copula is not used in the first example.) As a native Cantonese speaker, I find the analysis reasonable. Yet there are many cases in Classical Chinese where SOV and postpositional structures are found, including these: 

Cleft: It is [of the Church of England] that he is the founder. 

To understand the for-complement clause, it is necessary to look into a bit of history. For was not originally a complementiser in English. Sentences like (1a) originally arose: 

To illustrate the mechanism, take 'here' in the third example. 'Here' refers to a place which is near; when we remove ourselves from the speech act, that place is no longer near, so we use 'there' - point to a faraway place - instead. 

Apart from my infantile handwriting, I'm not entirely happy about the picture yet especially because I haven't figured out a neat way to place phonetics so just dropped it - so please, everyone, feel free to criticize! - but I'll explain why I'm happier with it than the "classical" graph: Syntax is the study of the internal structure of phrases and sentences, and the hierarchies, grammatical functions and relations between constituents. From my proposed tag wiki for syntax: 

Edit: This answer focusses on mainstream generative grammar approaches which are heaily based on English (or Indo-European languages') syntax, assuming that this is what you are primarily interested in. However, as WavesWashSands pointed out in their comment, things might look completely differently for other languages where the assumption of something like a category I is of not much avail and S might indeed be approriate. None of these are phrases headed by a preposition, but nevertheless they serve a similar job as the examples mentioned by you: They modify a structure that is itself already a full sentence. I would say those are temporal adverbs. phonology: The structure of sounds. Questions include: Sometimes, semantics, i.e. the study of meaning, is seen as a part of grammar: To summarize, syntax is basically a sub-discipline of grammar that deals with the structure of more complex expressions, while grammar is the cover-term for every aspect of the system of rules that tell our intuition which structures are well-formed and what they mean, including word-level (morphology) and sound-level (phonology), possibly also meaning-level. To be precise, all the time can not be an adverb since "adverb" is a word class but this phrase is not a single word. And you asked about the "kinds of words" (i.e. word classes), but you can not assign a word class to a phrase. Syntactically, this phrase, just like always or never (which are syntactically single-word phrases), functions as an adverbial, a phrase which modifies a verb or clause - but here we are at a different level, because this is a grammatical function, not a word class. 

Questions that syntax attempts to answer include: 

As for the labels, I don't find the graph you showed too inaccurate. (Interestingly, the descriptions I chose are almost identical to your picture - it seems like the classical definitions of the fields are very persistent.) One might argue whether "speech sounds" precisely captures what phonetics is about in contrast to phonology, the addition of "speech" is very important here. As for syntax, one can decide to drop "sentences" if one assumes that sentences are also just kinds of phrases, but this is hairsplitting. I do agree with the summar "literal meaning" as opposed to "meaning in context of discourse". Eventually, this is what usually separates the two fields: While semantics is interested in a precise account of the meaning of linguistic entities as they are, it doesn't quite care about what could be there "between the lines". Subjects of linguistics that raise questions concerning speaker's intentions, dynamics of conversation, linguistic economy etc. have established as a field on their own, while there obviously is still a close connection between research in semantics and pragmatics. (For example, presupposition theory is usually regareded as an issue of pragmatics, but the way it is handled, it is actually a very semantic topic.) And pragmatics did take a long time to establish as a field on its own (one of my professors used to say "There is no such thing as pragmatics, there's good semantics and there's bad science." I won't attempt to comment on that here.) The element that is reponsible for when this distinction comes into play is probably best described as the "context of discourse", leaving semantics as the field concerned with the non-contextually-modified, more literal meaning, so I'd agree on these lables as long as I don't find anything better. gets applied to a verb chain without an auxiliary verb in it already; i.e, a bare main verb: 

has, besides the meanings mentioned by @bytebuster in a comment, two quite different senses. and Raising (aka "Subject-Raising") in another. Optionally, to avoid stranding the preposition by moving the relative pronoun as part of normal relative clause formation, the entire prepositional phrase (with the relative pronoun as the object) may appear. 

In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support. DS is invoked whenever a construction requiring an auxiliary verb (like Question or Negative): 

There are two great families of pronouns, both descending from Proto-Indo-European roots: 

Do-Support applies to any verb that's not an auxiliary, no matter what it means. 

The other part is called Syntax. It has to do with the external economy of words, including word order, agreement; like the sentence For me to call her sister would be a bad idea and its syntactic transform It would be a bad idea for me to call her sister. That's syntax. English grammar is mostly syntax. English is an analytic (uninflected) language. This rule is known as Right-Dislocation; it moves the subject to the end of the sentence, leaving behind a coreferential pronoun. There is a corresponding Left-Dislocation, as well, that inserts a pronoun as the subject. Both constructions are accompanied by specific intonation contours, marked with commas; more on these syntactic rules, and similar rules of English, on page 4 here.