The only evidence-based criteria I have found for selecting music for infants is to avoid "constant exposure to chaotic, discordant music" (source, Rosalie Pratt a professor of music medicine at BYU). Classicial music is thought to prime the brain for better spacial reasoning, but the effect may only be temporary (source, Diane Bales, PhD). It is also widely acknowledged that gentle, soothing music is better close to bedtime in order to avoid stimulating your infant or toddler. I'm fine with feeding her at night as needed, but I would like to encourage her to get the majority of her calories during the day. The best music for your infant or toddler is music that you enjoy and your infant or toddler seems to enjoy. Feel free to try out a variety of your favorites and see what your baby prefers. You can certainly keep in mind the criteria of avoiding chaotic music and focusing on music with complex structures, such as classical pieces. While a few parents go directly from a bottle to a sturdy, open tumbler, most parents use a sippy cup or a straw cup as a transitional cup. The straw cup is considered superior for oral motor development. The choice is entirely up to you. Our pediatric dentist did recommend not using a sippy cup for too long as the sippy cup is not helpful for oral motor skills or teeth. Since your child sleeps an age-appropriate long stretch at night your child is probably capable of more time awake during the day. You might want to look at sticking with 1.5 hours awake before the first nap, since babies often like the shortest awake period in the morning, but then stretch the awake time by 15 minutes or so more between each nap. So you'd do something like 1.75 hours before nap #2, 2 hours before nap #3, and even up to 2.25 before bedtime, although your child may need slightly less. I would gradually begin stretching time awake to see if it lengthens naps. Just remember that when enforcing boundaries calmness is huge. My toddler has taken to hitting, biting, and kicking for fun. She is too young to do it because it hurts. I tend to give her a consequence (holding her hands or legs) with a little bit of flair to it. Because I am containing the pain of having just been bitten or the frustration of having just been hit for the up-teenth time that day I'll be a little loud. I say, "Since you chose to hit Mommy, Mommy will hold your hands until you can make good choices on how to use them." However my dramatic manner causes my toddler to laugh and do whatever else she can think of that's against the rules to get a good reaction. My husband gets close to her head and whispers his explanation in a totally unruffled voice. "You know you aren't supposed to pull Daddy's leg hairs. I can't let you do that." In response to his complete calm my toddler herself calms down and immediately obeys. She's learned that hitting Daddy is not funny because there's no big reaction. You can see more about the importance of how you reinforce boundaries in point number 3 of this blog post from parenting coach Janet Landsbury. As she says, Cold turkey - simply stop offering the bottle and replace it with a cup of milk at mealtimes. This may cause some frustration for your toddler for a few days, but many toddlers make the switch easily after this point. Transitioning to a sippy cup with a soft silicon spoud such as the Nuk Learner Cup or the Nuby Soft Spout cups can help ease the transition because they mimic the bottle nipple fairly well. As a parent of a similar-aged child, I'm not sure that I agree with your criteria. Other than keeping the decible level at a safe level for infant hearing, which I believe is around 60 dB, I'm not sure what the issue would be with dramatic music. We keep our local classical station on regularly and while my child is fairly sensitive to loud noises she has never been startled by any of the pieces they play. Other Ideas This website has a whole long list of other ideas, such as too much or too little stimulation, environmental factors, hunger, and so on for early wake-ups. In general a good search for "45 minute nap intruder" will get you a ton of hits on this issue with varying possible causes. None of the things I could find online like stimulation issues helped my infant, but yours may be helped by them.