If the child is well otherwise (that is, 98% of the time: he plays, eats, runs around, has normal amounts of urine, sleeps through the night, has a normal temperature, etc.), and only complains in the few minutes before having a BM (it's normal to feel crampy), to physicians that is a "reassuring sign", though it might not be to you. (As a parent, I worried much more about my children's illnesses - especially under one year of age - than their doctor(s) did, even though I had treated many children with the same things capably and confidently.) 

The best advice I can give you is to take up your concerns with the child's pediatrician and insist on a hearing evaluation to begin with. 

One option people rarely mention is putting the kid to bed in their parents' room. After months of struggling with our (2.5 year old) second child, I bought a thick foam rubber pad at a fabric store, covered it with sheets, blankets and a pillow and put it on the floor of our bedroom against a wall. That stopped a world of pain and suffering on all of our parts. No more crying in the middle of the night, trying to settle them back into their beds just to start the whole process again. And no sleeping in our bed. 

You are doing all that you should be doing. You have been keeping good track of his bowel movements. He seems in good condition other than the diarrhea. Take his temperature several times/day, and watch for bright red streaks of blood in the BMs. Keeping a food diary is never a bad idea. 

This one about advocating for your child states 

Because you love her, and what she feels matters to you. It's human and it's normal. You did something loving and she's "throwing it away". That will hurt at any age. It helps to know, as SomeShinyObject stated, that people (not just kids) sometimes say painful things in the heat of the moment or just when they don't know how to express it differently.* 

Your questions are somewhat concerning. While any one of them alone might not indicate anything other than maturity, the sum of the problems, especially the regression from his behavior at 12 months is indicative of a need for testing by the child's pediatrician.