- Tincey, John. Ironsides: English Cavalry 1588-1688. Vol. 44. Osprey Publishing, 2012. 

Thing is, a castle typically relied on a larger territory than its garrison could defend in the first place. Enlarging the fortifications to cover those farms would also increase the number of defenders needed. Now, you are correct that the enclosed area could increase faster than the length of the enclosing walls. So theoretically, you could enlarge your castle until the balance tips in your favour. 

In fact, by the time Holland's landsadvocaat (effectively, the prime minister of the Dutch Republic) Johan van Oldenbarnevelt arranged for the creation of the Dutch East India Company in 1602, the United Provinces had achieved an astonishing victory over what was then the premier world power. The Dutch army under Maurice of Orange had already evicted the Spanish from most of the north. His campaigns essentially marked the modern borders of the Kingdom of Netherlands today, with the Southern Netherlands remaining in Spanish hands later becoming Belgium. 

[3] i.e., "the island of Brazil beyond the western part of Ireland." 

- Williamson, James Alexander. "The Voyages Of The Cabots And The English Discovery Of North America under Henry VII And Henry VIII. London: The Argonaut Press, 1923. 

However, there is no reliable evidence that this Theodore Palaiologos really is a descendent of the Imperial House of Byzantine. According to local sources, Theodore traces his descent to Thomas Palaiologos, the last Despot of Morea and brother to Constantine XI the last Emperor, through a son called John. History however only knows Thomas to have two sons: Manuel, who surrender to the Turks, and Andreas, who is considered to have died childless. 

[12] Smith, Daniel Scott. "The Demographic History of Colonial New England." The Journal of Economic History 32.01 (1972): 165-183. 

Use of lances declined in Western and Central Europe after the 30 Years War, when sword-centric cuirassiers became the last hurrah of the heavy cavalry. Nonetheless, they did not vanish - in fact, one of the most celebrated lancer charges in history took place in 1605. As late as 1644 a regiment of Scottish lancers performed so well against Royalists in the Battle of Marston Moor that all new cavalry levies after 1650 were ordered to be lancers (up from 50/50). 

Thus shielded from the fighting, the Dutch heartland in Holland thrived in spite of the long war being waged around them. This prosperity formed a sound basis for their colonial empire, and the Dutch Golden Age is also thought to have begun around this time. 

[2] Hajnal, John. "European Marriage Patterns in Perspective." (1965): 101-43. 

Notes (1) Or Portugal, or both Ireland and Portugal. 

Similarly, in most German regions, women married in their twenties - averaging between 22.7 to 28.5 in one study[4]. Demographic data from the late 17th century[5] reveal that commoner women from Giessen and Heuchelheim on average first married when just over 24, although Mainz's average was much lower at 21.3. 

Note that limited supplies in the late Medieval period didn't affect the profitability of the spice trade. The spice trade was "such a profitable venture" precisely because "spices are quite expensive when they reach their terminal buyer" - relative to their cost in Asia, which is something like 1/10 or 1/100 the sales price. And again, as supplies expanded, prices fell. 

In fact, up until the High Middle Ages, the power of kings were severely limited. Feudalism jealously guarded their power against royal overreach. The authority of early Kings of France were largely confined to Paris, while as late as 1215 the barons of England would force their king to agree to the Magna Carta. Scandinavian kingships retained their elective character into the Late Medieval Period, and the throne of Germany remained elective until the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire. 

- Gottfried, Robert S. Black Death. New York: The Free Press, 1983. 

But it's more likely that your "castle" would end up looking like this: 

If I am correct that by "proto-Ukrainians", your teacher actually meant the Proto-Indo-Europeans, then their claims are not wholly baseless. However it is misleading to the point of being deceptive. It'd be like an Ethiopian claiming their "Proto-Ethiopian" ancestors conquered Europe, on the basis that Homo Sapiens left Africa through what is now modern Ethiopia. 

Leather was probably the most common material. 

- Brown, Jennifer M., and Sandra L. Walklate, eds. Handbook on Sexual Violence. Routledge, 2011. 

- Takemae, Eiji. Allied Occupation of Japan. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2003. 

While the specific varied, these kings primarily acted as military commanders and judges. Vestiges of these roles remained apparent today - all British criminal prosecutions are brought in the name of HM Elizabeth II, incidentally commander-in-chief of all British, Canadian and New Zealand forces. 

Naturally, these early Indo-Europeans carried their culture with them as they moved, including religion. The ancient Proto-Indo-European pantheon developed into Greek, Roman, Germanic, Slavic, and Indo-Aryan gods. Your teacher's example was in fact their prehistoric god of the sky and chief deity, Dyēus ph2ter. He went on to become: 

Around the mid-16th century, advancements in firearms as well as proliferation of pikes were making the earlier heavy cavalry obsolete. One of the ways cavalry forces responded was to shift their focus to mobility and firepower. The Schwarze reiters were the pioneering example of this paradigm shift. Created by Günther of Schwarzburg, the black riders adopted pistols as their primary weapons. Their integration of firearms into cavalry manoeuvres developed into the famous tactics known as the caracole.