"I wanted to take a photo from a high angle, but my phone fell from my selfie stick and hit me in the eye. Silly, huh?" She broke into a quiet giggle. 

No, impossible. Could someone I barely knew know so much about me? 

They are the good in lyrics and poems, but what about prose? 

One of the answers to this question movitated me to ask this. I don't agree 100% with the answerer, however, I think he has good points. 

Note 2: some characters don't die. 

What to do in cases where you have awkward pronoun repetition? 

The "filter/filler" here is looked at it (not sure if this is the correct term). 

Here's an example from my own writing: 

"Something more complex?" Sumire blinked a few times at me. 

I shook my head. “When you love someone, nothing that person does is boring.” 

The first example uses external body language and the second internal monologue. Does the latter make more sense in first-person narration? Why or why not? 

What's usually better* in fiction? The original version of the passage or the second one? (a personal statement or an universal one?) 

An example from my own writing: 

[I looked at it.] A rabbit sticker sealed the manila envelope. Graceful handwritten words read: To Kiyoshi. 

The first chapters (20,000 words) are told from the eyes of a girl who wants to die in the arms of the boy she loves. Once her wish is fulfilled her POV ends. 

I'm writing a novel where a person who has decided to commit suicide can hire some murderers to kill he/him in the way he/she prefers. There are only two members running this service. A man and a woman. 

`* By better I mean which one touches the reader more deeply? Which one is considered better writing? 

Do you really weaken the focus if you mix dialogue and action too much? 

I nodded. “And they were all about little things. You know, how he picked his polka tie instead of the stripped one. What mobile games he played on his way to work. Why he called me at four and not at five.” 

I am not a fan of deep back stories; they bore me. But pivotal scenes do not, and writing some of those pivotal scenes in Annie's early life, before she was a Marine, even though I do NOT want them in this book, can help me see who she is, if my sketch needs to be revised, and can even help me find the next character: The man with whom she will fall in love. Perhaps like the father she admires, or the boyfriend she had in high school. Perhaps Annie the Warrior falls in love with Bryce the architect that has never been in as much as a fist fight. I don't know what turns her on, but I can find out by looking for those pivotal life scenes and trying to write them, and discovering the core qualities of a young girl that will become Annie the Warrior, and Annie In Love. 

But don't be discouraged by this; it is training for what you will need to do. 

You need a WHY for this hero, what do they want, so much they would be willing to sacrifice almost anything (or straight-up anything, including their own life) to get it? (e.g. a woman saving her child, a boy avenging his parents, a slave escaping slavery.) 

Similarly, in Dragonlance, lots of readers love Raistlin as a complex character (I know, I know - not exactly great literature... but bear with me). At the beginning, all you see of Raistlin is how bitter and standoffish he behaves, and his brother's love for him. Gradually, his actions show more of who he is, and more of his past is revealed. And note that not very far in at all, a "complex" note is tossed in - with this dark character showing compassion for a lowly, miserable creature. So pretty soon, we know that Raistlin is dark, but also has a more complex nature than just that. 

Complexity Evolves: The longer you spend in a single mileau, the more details and history you build up, even if it begins simply; complexity can easily evolve by continuing to extrapolate past elements into new stories, and playing existing elements off against each other. 

You could reformulate this as "demonstrate, don't dictate." Saying Bob is a funny guy does not make the reader laugh. Saying Alice had a mysterious smile does little to convey mystery. Saying Grizelda was a very sympathetic protagonist, and then something very exciting happened to her is a very poor story indeed. 

A good example of this is the honored tradition of science fiction detective stories, like many of Asimov's robot stories. Science fiction introduces new worlds, with imaginary concepts with imaginary rules, that the author might desperately need the reader to understand completely. If the story is an investigation story, why then, the protagonist is exploring the world by his very job description. All he does in the story is explore the world; understand the rules; figure out how everything works. That's a great way to take a lot of details that might not interest the reader - e.g. how the Laws of Robotics work - and make them interesting - e.g. by having a murder investigation hinge on clever manipulations of the Laws. This is also basically what Dan Brown does - it's not an art&history lesson, it's a treasure hunt for a dastardly conspiracy! WE MUST DISCOVER THIS INFORMATION! IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT AND INTERESTING etc. 

As Lauren says,"showing" doesn't entail endless description of minutiae, or attempting to convey a cinematic level of visual detail using text alone. What is means is that reading a book is something you experience - and an author doesn't provide an experience by telling readers what to think or feel. You do it by showing -- by creating things that will provoke readers to thoughts and feelings in response.