Deepen the dilemma. Show why the stakes matter to this character in particular, so that the character cannot walk away from the problem. Show how much the character values the very thing that (in the end) must be sacrificed, so that character struggles desperately to find any other solution. The dilemma makes us care about the character, so that the sacrifice feels more deeply satisfying. Realizing what a horrible cliche that was, he changed it: That's usually enough to get me writing the scene. If there are other things I want to make sure to include (a clue, a revelation, a relationship event, a description of something in the setting), I'll note those, too. My approach to outlining: For each scene, write the minimum that reminds me what I want to accomplish with the scene. For me, the minimum is something like: ETA: This idea is useful sometimes. Lauren Ipsum's idea is useful all the time. Y'all should go upvote that one. Eliminate options. None of the easy options work. None of the merely difficult or painful options work. No, in order to solve the problem, the character must sacrifice something precious. Bring the character to the point of despair. Readers care when characters despair. And experiment now and again, because your needs will change over time. Try outlining only a scene or two ahead of the scene you're currently writing. Try outlining many scenes ahead of your current scene. Try outlining only after you write the scene, to capture those things that you'll want quick access to when you write later scenes. For a lame example (that twists the cliche by adding another one): One way to develop a second act: Try/fail cycles. In each cycle: But even if you choose not to keep the stuff written in the heat of emotion, save it somewhere. There's energy in there for you. It may be useful on another project. I stop with the bare minimum. That gives me the energy I need to get into the scene, and plenty of freedom and opportunity for discovery as I write. See if you can add a twist. One time Harlan Ellison wrote: Try putting fewer details in your outline, and notice what happens. Try adding a few more details in your outline, and notice how that affects what you write, and your eagerness to write, and your satisfaction with what you write.