As for the source, Juynboll says the most likely common link for all the variations is al-A'mash, that is, Sulayman b. Mihran. There is more, but nothing about asking Bilal to tread on his other cheek. In fact, Bilal is not specifically mentioned, but this Encyclopedia is mostly about the Prophet's statements, so it makes sense it would not mention Abu Dharr's act of contrition in particular. And again, Juynboll does say there are variants. Edit: I am not interested in which sect is "correct", or whose view is "stronger", or which POV is more "viable". I am interested in Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit. Here's why I can't accept any claims that he was indeed explicit: the Qur'an addresses Muhammad's family problems (the scandal over Aisha in the desert), and the proper formality to be observed when interacting with Muhammad. Although I have not read the Hadith, I have heard that they even go so far as to address issues of personal hygiene. I am shocked that while these issues are enshrined in Islam's holy writings, there is not a single word about succession therein. I am very curious about the reasons for this rather glaring omission. 

The biographies of Muhammad that I am reading talk only generally about it being problematic to be an orphan. They mention very few specifics. There seems to have been a stigma about orphans, but the biographies are not clear on the nature of the stigma, what people actually thought about orphans that was stigmatic. Also, there is some talk of his uncle Abu Talib being unable to divide his sons' inheritance with Muhammad. But I don't see how that would matter: in the mercantile environment of Mecca, couldn't an enterprising young man like Muhammad have built up his own fortune with the caravans? 

According to Juynboll's Encyclopedia of Canonical Hadith, on the authority of al-Ma'rur b. Suwayd, the mu'ammar: In the Qur'an, Muhammad frequently admonishes guardians not to misuse the inheritance of orphans, but he himself had no inheritance that could have been misused (or very little -- one account says his father was able to leave him a couple of camels and a slave girl). Also it seems very unlikely that Abu Talib would have misused any inheritance belonging to Muhammad. So I'm guessing that his stress on managing orphans' inheritance properly had more to do with seeing other orphans being cheated rather than himself. This was a miracle for Prophet Yusuf (peace be upon him) and the rank of the two Prophet's doesn't have anything to do with it. There are no Authentic Ahadeeth which mention that the Prophet's belongings can heal blindness. And Allah knows best. 

It is Haram celebrating the Mawlid. For it is an innovation. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) himself, and the first three generations which includes his house hold (ahlul Bait) never celebrated birthday as is commonly done today. What is done today (every year) is as I mentioned is an innovation, for while it is claimed that celebrating it is good and has good, the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him) said: I am not saying not to be thankful to Allah for creating Muhammad and bringing down revelation to him. Furthermore we can Fast Mondays out of thanks to Allah for creating the Prophet and bringing down revelation to/through him. This is based on the Hadith in regards to the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him) being asked about Fasting Mondays, he answered: 

The biographies of Muhammad that I am reading talk only generally about it being problematic to be an orphan. They mention very few specifics. There seems to have been a stigma about orphans, but the biographies are not clear on the nature of the stigma, what people actually thought about orphans that was stigmatic. Also, there is some talk of his uncle Abu Talib being unable to divide his sons' inheritance with Muhammad. But I don't see how that would matter: in the mercantile environment of Mecca, couldn't an enterprising young man like Muhammad have built up his own fortune with the caravans? Are there any scholars who explore Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit, without bringing in sectarianism, or appealing to Muhammad's superhuman qualities, or appealing to divine wisdom? Scholars who analyze the issue from a secular standpoint? 

I have tried to understand why Muhammad was not explicit about succession, but all I have found are sectarian answers. One group says Muhammad was explicit, another group says Muhammad deliberately left the matter to the will of the Umma. But I've read a number of (secular, non-sectarian) biographies and other books about Muhammad, and I find nothing in them that would explain why there is disagreement on the matter. Edit: I am not interested in which sect is "correct", or whose view is "stronger", or which POV is more "viable". I am interested in Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit. Here's why I can't accept any claims that he was indeed explicit: the Qur'an addresses Muhammad's family problems (the scandal over Aisha in the desert), and the proper formality to be observed when interacting with Muhammad. Although I have not read the Hadith, I have heard that they even go so far as to address issues of personal hygiene. I am shocked that while these issues are enshrined in Islam's holy writings, there is not a single word about succession therein. I am very curious about the reasons for this rather glaring omission. Edit #2: I am not interested in Qur'anic allusions or implicit references. If Islam's holy writings are explicit about Muhammad's family matters and personal hygiene, I am wondering why the issue of succession was addressed only by allusions and implicit references, not whether the allusions and implicit references are considered valid as a means of choosing Muhammad's successor. According to Juynboll's Encyclopedia of Canonical Hadith, on the authority of al-Ma'rur b. Suwayd, the mu'ammar: 

What exactly were the problems that made life hard for orphans in general, and the orphan Muhammad in particular, in Mecca? As for the source, Juynboll says the most likely common link for all the variations is al-A'mash, that is, Sulayman b. Mihran. In the Qur'an, Muhammad frequently admonishes guardians not to misuse the inheritance of orphans, but he himself had no inheritance that could have been misused (or very little -- one account says his father was able to leave him a couple of camels and a slave girl). Also it seems very unlikely that Abu Talib would have misused any inheritance belonging to Muhammad. So I'm guessing that his stress on managing orphans' inheritance properly had more to do with seeing other orphans being cheated rather than himself.