Personally, I think it may be a bit of both. Cultures change, and values change. Political ideologies have to change too, or they will die. For example, almost nobody is seriously arguing for slavery or anti-miscegenation laws any more. In that way, the entire USA is way farther to the "left" that all but the most extremist wackos in the 18th and 19th centuries. Note that "birtherisim" isn't limited to Obama. In fact, his opponent in the 2008 election John McCain, was not born in the United States (although the Canal Zone is a bit a of special case). There were Democratic "birthers" who tried to claim that made him ineligable. The same happened with Barry Goldwater (who was born in Arizona before it was a state), and several others. In the USA, the presidential election is essentially a set of separate elections where every state simultaneously votes for its state's choice of presidential electors. As such, the responsibility for drawing up and printing a state's ballot is entirely up to that state. A state could in theory, if it felt like it, refuse to put a major party's candidate on the ballot. Before the Civil War (particularly prior to 1836), it was actually relatively common for states to appoint their electors with no popular vote whatsoever. This is where the Diggers came in. Simply put, they wanted to undo the enclosures. They were essentially a social reactionary movement. They wanted to find a way to extend the old system of Common Land into the new era. That they searched through the Bible for religious justification should surprise no one. Being a rather large diverse book, the fact that they found passages backing them up should also surprise no one. But chiefly they were just about going back to the old ways of doing things. However, it is now the 21st century. The advertised print model of media is dying, and the new online and cable TV outlets find that the best way to get a loyal cadre of eyeballs is to be partisan. So now, for better or for worse, we are back to the old days of media dominated by full-time partisan propaganda outlets.