This renders your direct question, in an important sense irrelevant. 

Reproduction seems to be a neccessity for continued existence given all things 'wear out' eventually - even AI in silicon were it possible. 

Given that analytical philosophy is closely tied to analysis of how language is used, I would suggest that a close examination of the word concept and how it is used in philosophical discourse (as opposed to its ordinary usage). This does mean rather examining a large corpus of works, and one would need to decide whether one should look at solely analytical works, or also continental - or both. 

Thus "Socrates is a philosopher" consists of "Socrates", which signifies the Object Socrates, and "is a philosopher", which signifies the Concept of being a philosopher. 

By this, to think of the voice within us, as itself; as I; without how we became is probably the wrong approach; we should look to our own personal genealogy; 

The following is a discussion of 'evolution' of life in Aristotles Physics: 

The most notable difference between them, is that the Lucretian godhead is beyond this world - changeless, and permanent; he names no relationship between them; and that the mind of humans are made up of very fine atoms; whereas Liebniz replaces mind with soul (he's a Christian philosopher); and this is a single atom - or monad, in his terminology. 

And this reading is supported by reading this section to the end: 

Again he agrees with Kant on how nature is ordered by the mind. 

Yet, we have no physical theory of how mind or consciousness is 'constructed' - even in principle. Any such claim when examined in detail simply re-enunciates this axiom without a demonstration of its truth. 

In one sense yes, because one brings different experiences towards colour; a specific colour and texture of red, might evoke fear, say, in one person; and warmth in another; and this can be accounted for in Kants theory of mind, and his notion of the unity of apperception. 

Given your suppositions - then the answer to the question is yes. Indeed, it looks exactly as though you've chosen your suppositions so that this is the only correct answer to your question. 

Suppose before you were born you were allowed to give the world one law, and suppose this law that you give is that the hungry shall be killed. 

There's no mention of Mind, though; perhaps you've confused Newton with Hume, or perhaps Saussure; or both. 

So heaviness is an example of qualia - but not a common one. Heaviness is on the perceptual side of perception-physical divide, its corresponding physical cause is pressure.