The website seems legit, as it is referenced in a pinned thread by a moderator on the official 2kgames boards. Get a Solid State Drive for your operative system and games if you can. It is the single best upgrade you can make. Who linked you to that website? The offline activation tool seems to suggest you email support@securom.com and I suggest you do that. The major source of slowdowns is none of what you listed -- it's the hard drive. Fetching data from mechanical disks takes roughly 1,000,000 times as much time as loading from cache does. Apparently, Steam installs an incompatible version of Games for Windows. Uninstall "Microsoft Games for Windows – LIVE Redistributable", "Microsoft Games for Windows Marketplace" and then reinstall them from here. The page you linked could very well be a scam. Just make sure you keep the full picture in view. The graphics card, the ram and the cpu are certainly important when measuring performance -- but they only matter when they're not enough. If the current level fits in 300 MB of ram, having 2 GB or 8 GB doesn't really make a difference. If the game is designed to run at 60 fps, it doesn't matter if your cpu can run 70 or 200 updates per second. Finally, if your gfx card can render 9,001 fps at worst, all of that wasted on a 60 Hz display. http://forums.electronicarts.co.uk/battlefield-3-pc/1448520-howto-customize-chatbox-bf3.html disable CrossFire in the drivers so you are only running on one video card, not two: does it still happen? (no need to physically remove the 2nd card, disabling CrossFire in the drivers should work) Here's a diagram of recommended hand exercises using the Thinking Putty, but it also applies to any kind of putty that you can put in your hand and manipulate. This is basically "how do I determine if my hardware is stable?" run Furmark for an hour or so (be careful as this thing loads GPUs far beyond any realistic load) There is apparently a hacky way to do this, per run Memtest86 overnight and see if your memory is stable monitoring temperatures (though you should try the "open case with house fan blowing on it" to make absolutely sure) The standard "is my system stable?" tests should be run: Warning: Battlefield 3 is known to be extremely GPU intensive and may cause more heat than most games. The major source of slowdowns is none of what you listed -- it's the hard drive. Fetching data from mechanical disks takes roughly 1,000,000 times as much time as loading from cache does. Get a Solid State Drive for your operative system and games if you can. It is the single best upgrade you can make. The page you linked could very well be a scam. The second most limiting factor in gaming is, again, none of what you listed -- internet connection. It's not as much a matter of raw speed, even though all the autoupdating systems make it worthwile, as it is of connection quality. If your latency is too variable or if you lose packets, your multiplayer experience will just be bad. Those matter more than your raw ping/latency measure, because constant lag can be compensated within limits so long as your network is reliable enough. The offline activation tool seems to suggest you email support@securom.com and I suggest you do that. Just make sure you keep the full picture in view. The website seems legit, as it is referenced in a pinned thread by a moderator on the official 2kgames boards. ZoogieZork's comment and the offical blog post seem to imply that no, there is no gameplay difference indeed. Not yet, anyway. Who linked you to that website? The graphics card, the ram and the cpu are certainly important when measuring performance -- but they only matter when they're not enough. If the current level fits in 300 MB of ram, having 2 GB or 8 GB doesn't really make a difference. If the game is designed to run at 60 fps, it doesn't matter if your cpu can run 70 or 200 updates per second. Finally, if your gfx card can render 9,001 fps at worst, all of that wasted on a 60 Hz display. Obviously, computers are supposed to last, so there is value to maximize the period of time for which it is good enough -- the best way to ensure that is getting the bestest hardware available today. run Furmark for an hour or so (be careful as this thing loads GPUs far beyond any realistic load) This is basically "how do I determine if my hardware is stable?" Sounds like you've already tried The standard "is my system stable?" tests should be run: Here's a diagram of recommended hand exercises using the Thinking Putty, but it also applies to any kind of putty that you can put in your hand and manipulate. However, it does look like this interferes with other aspects of the HUD, so it might not be a great or workable solution. http://forums.electronicarts.co.uk/battlefield-3-pc/1448520-howto-customize-chatbox-bf3.html http://www.starbounding.com/trimilin%20covers/hand_putty_green.jpg run Memtest86 overnight and see if your memory is stable Putty is also good for hand exercise. There is apparently a hacky way to do this, per I'm partial to Crazy Aaron's Thinking Putty. Warning: Battlefield 3 is known to be extremely GPU intensive and may cause more heat than most games. change these values (example values are for 1024x768)