The above construction means to consider equivalent two integers if and only they give the same rest when dividing by n = 2. The same construction can be achieved for division by arbitrary non-zero n. The result are the restclasses modulo n, i.e. the sets with elements 0,1,2,...,n-1. Also here addition and multiplication are well-defined. 

In any case the sphinx does not represent the world of the Olympic gods. At best, it represents the chtonic goddess. The Olympic gods are represented by Apollon who is highly estimated by Oedipus. Proposition 4: “The thought is the significant proposition. (= Der Gedanke ist der sinnvolle Satz.)” The term picture theory of meaning refers to Wittgenstein’s description of language in his book Tractatus logico-philosophicus. From its 7 main propositions number 4 and its sub-propositions deal with language. On the academic level good expositions of Plato's philosophy exist, e.g., "The Oxford Handbook of Plato" contains an essay by Verity Harte on "Plato's metaphysics". She discusses the fundamental topics of the Theory of Forms. 

ad 1: In my opinion the best introduction to the question "What is a Platonic form?" is Plato's Symposion, section 210ff from Diotima's speech. Here Plato exemplifies the theory of forms by the idea of beauty. In modern terms: Plato shows how to approach an idea by abstraction from concrete examples. It is a bottom-up approach. If I assert (1), I am committing myself to the truth of (1). That would be an objective statement of (1), in your terminology (though I find the "objective" terminology here somewhat confusing since it has many different uses in philosophy). 

A neutral statement that p would be a statement of p that does not assert p. How to classify it further will depend on your taxonomy of speech acts and whether you're considering the neutral statement to really convey the same proposition. For example, take the statement: 

In sum, I see this not so much as a question of descriptive vs. causal theories of names, but the (admittedly very closely related) question of the rigidity of descriptions. Truth-Aptness/Factivity: an objective statement is one capable of being true or false. Contrasts with, arguably, statements concerning matters of taste ("Pizza tastes good.") Reality of Objects Involved: an objective statement is one that is committed to the existence of the objects it refers to/quantifies over. Contrasts with, arguably, fictive statements or statements involving pretense ("Sherlock Holmes lives at 221B Baker Street." or "Suppose there is a round square.") Given its ubiquity, I would avoid use of the term "objective" without explicitly defining it, unless the intended meaning is incredibly clear from context. If I didn't have to use the term, I'd probably try to find a better one that wasn't so widely and disparately used. In general, though, good practice dictates you define any (most) distinctions you make. As you present the distinction, it sounds like an objective statement that p, is an assertion that p (in other jargon, an utterance of p with assertoric force) which would commit the person who made the statement (the utterer) to the truth of p. In asserting (2), with the parenthetical bit being something understood from context, I would not be committing myself to the truth of (1). Essence: often brought up in discussion of essential properties see Plantinga's Nature of Necessity for a contemporary discussion of essences. Kit Fine also has some articles on essentialism. An essential property is (at least) one that an object possesses necessarily. It will sometimes be said to be definitional of that object. To give a plausible example, it is an essential property of a chair that it be able to be sat upon. 

That being said, does anyone know of an article like this one by Frederick Suppe which might be a bit more approachable? 

If I make a neutral statement of (1), then I'm either uttering (1) non-assertorically, or I could be indirectly asserting a related proposition, e.g., I could be giving a belief report: Substance: the fundamental kinds of things. It comes up in Philosophy of Mind, for instance, when we speak of Substance Monists (who believe in only a single sort of substance, most commonly physical substance) or Substance Dualists (who believe in two sorts of substance, most commonly mental and physical substance; Descartes is commonly taken to be a substance dualist). 

So, I'm teaching a course on Scientific Realism in the fall. I wanted to start off with a unit titled "What is a theory?" to make sure all of my students are on the same page and to prepare them for later topics. FURTHER EDIT: Since two of the four answers currently posted are the answerer's own (or at least uncited) ideas, I feel the need to emphasize that this is a reference request. I'm looking for an article that fits the stated criteria. People's own ideas, while perhaps of value, do not help me at all here. As I mentioned above, "objective" is used in a whole manner of different ways in philosophy. Off the top of my head: You can find all of these terms in Antiquity, and I'd venture to guess that most of them were at least popularized by Aristotle. For more on them, read the SEP entry on Aristotle's metaphysics.