Compare and contrast with these from the Rochester Bestiary, circa mid-thirteenth century: Even if we suppose that cost is no object, it is still militarily unsound to encircle so much land because doing so vastly lengthens your line of defence. In a normal castle, the garrison could relatively easily react to an assault and rally to it. However, if the garrison is spread across miles, then the besiegers could concentrate its forces on one specific spot. The defenders there would easily be overwhelmed long before the rest of the garrison could reinforce them. There are no set ages for participating in combat. Generally speaking however, the first battle for a young samurai was in their early teens, roughly around 15 years old (opportunities permitting). Examples include Hōjō Ujiyasu at Ozawahara in 1530 (15), Takeda Nobukatsu at Temmokuzan in 1582 (15), and Date Masamune against the Sōma clan in 1581 (14). Cases of samurai fighting at younger ages, such as Uesugi Kenshin in 1543 during the Echigo Civil War (13) or Kikkawa Motoharu at Koriyama in 1541 (11) are rarer, and probably limited to children of prominent families. General mobilisation orders, at least, were largely issued to able bodied men aged upwards of "fifteen". In the traditional East Asian system, that is equivalent to 14 years old in modern terms. Conversely, many notable samurai did not experience their first battles until about 20 years of age or even later, for example Chōsokabe Motochika at Nagahama in 1560 (21). It depends on the location and time. Ultimately the operation was scrapped, and the created force was effectively an American military unit. Nonetheless, because the impetus for the unit's creation was British, it is unsurprising that Canadians - at the urging of the British leadership - would have signed on to the project. It isn't as though the Communists weren't trying to expand their operations into Manchuria, either. However, there was also no set ages for genpuku during this period. While most boys probably held theirs between the ages of 12 to 16, there has also been extreme cases going as early as the age of six: Tokugawa Yoshinao was born in 1600, but held his genpuku rites in 1606. This is obviously wildly unrealistic for participating in combat, so adulthood isn't quite the same as going into battle.