From the early Zergling/Baneling wars, you transition into the common Roach midgame. From there, you get a few infestors out and try to survive with equal bases and equal unit count until you get some Broodlords out. As with all non-Mutalisk Broodlord strategies, you should start Spire at the same time as your Hive and then morph into Greater Spire as soon as both finish. In the mean time you get Air upgrades, Infestors, Hive and Greater Spire followed by Broodlords and some Infestors, you then move out and kill him or defend his desperation attack and then move out to kill him. 

It is possible to make Mutalisks work, but in my opinion it's not worth the risk. My favourite. You basically build only Drones and Zerglings while using all the gas for double Upgrades and a fast tech to some Infestors. As soon as the Infestation Pit is done and you research the Infestor Energy upgrades, you start the Spire and Hive at the same time and as soon as both finish (they have the same build time), you morph the Greater Spire and get Broodlords. After that it's all about positioning and Fungal Growth. 

As Day9 might say, “[Hard Counters] deeply bother me.” Roach Play An alternative to Speedling pressure off 3 Base, is to instead go for 2 Base Roach play. As I mentioned earlier you can easily saturate your 2 Base faster than he can saturate his, so you should be able to get a strong, early Roach ball going. I like to make a nice push around 7 Minutes. Chances are he won't have had time to put together a large army, as his second base will just be kicking in and he won't have recouped his earlier investment (bases take a long time to recoup). In this situation you can abuse the fact that Photon Cannons mean you can dictate the point of engagement. With a little Brinkmanship you should be able to catch his army out of position and snipe his Photon Cannons, or push into the Expo. Expanding As you'll see more in section 5, Terran has a very heavy defensive arsenal. As a result many players will make few expansions. However, this practice is not characteristic of the race as a whole. The ability to fly Command Centers, combined with Planetary Fortress allow for safe expanding for even fortified Terran. Command Centers can safely be constructed behind allied lines and moved into position. Once landed Planetary Fortress provides for relative safety from harassment until more effective fortifications can be constructed. It is worth noting that Planetary Fortress cannot be lifted off, and should only be constructed after the Command Center has landed, and even then sparingly.