Note that this only applies if the link hasn't rotted yet. If the link is already broken, go ahead and flag for immediate deletion. Moderators can leave a comment asking the OP to fix up their post while it's in the deleted state, then they can flag it again once it's fixed. 

I agree, moderators should be immune so they can edit those few questions where "Problem" does belong in the title, but it would still be a good idea for at least a warning pop-up to remind them to edit it out. The filter has forced me to improve lots of titles that I would have forgotten to check when making other edits, but it would be nice for moderators to be able to dismiss it if the title already makes sense. I don't want to discourage anyone from flagging, so can we just disregard those flags with no penalty by suppressing posts from reappearing in the queue? Of course this should only be if they're flagged for the exact same reason as the earlier processed flags, so moderators don't miss any "you made a mistake" flags. 

Here's a screen shot of the search results for an exact title that's on the front page of Meta now. 

I have no idea how much effort it would take to implement this, but I do have some idea how much utility it would have. Almost none at all. Moderators editing comments should be exceedingly rare. They should only be doing this to remove profanity or spam links from otherwise useful comments. Since useful comments that contain profanity and spam links are so rare, this ability is almost never used. Most comments that moderators process are simply deleted instead. 

The fact that the person who asked the question also posted this answer. This could be accomplished with the same highlighting that's currently used in answers and comments when the OP responds. 

I don't see any evidence that "feeling powerful" is a major reason to cast a close vote. I spend a lot of time in the moderation queue, and lately quite a bit of time in the close vote review queue. Most of the questions that are there really do have something wrong with them. The date the question was posted. This could go right under the question title. I'd like to see the question date so I can see the lag between the question and the flagged answer. New answers on new questions seem a little more urgent to me than new answers on old questions, since the former is likely to be more active. 

We've had a problem a few times in the past couple of weeks here on Meta where the exact same question gets posted repeatedly. It happened when reputation got recalculated, when the envelope disappeared, and now because the reputation graph has been replaced. 

A lot of posts keep reappearing in the moderator queue a few minutes after they've been processed by a moderator. This appears to be caused by users flagging from /review when they've had the page loaded for a few minutes. In addition to that, when reviewing a post you're also shown how many other answers are on that question and whether or not the currently reviewed answer is accepted or not. Even if an answer is link-only, I think we should just leave them alone (or edit them, but don't delete them) if they're the only answer or the accepted answer. You don't have to edit these yourself, but I usually leave a comment asking the OP to improve them. Voting to close questions is one of the least effective ways to get attention. It's pretty thankless. Answering questions makes you much more visible. Having a lot of helpful moderator flags and being an active editor are both far more likely to help you get elected as a moderator. Closing questions won't even put you on most people's radar. 

If that's in debate, then that's the question we should be asking, not basing new rules on the assumption that it's a bad thing. 

There are two small pieces of additional information that would speed up the processing of this kind of flag. The question is there, though. It just isn't ranked high enough to be obvious. It appears that users aren't scrolling down beyond the first five results. 

Here's an example of what moderators currently see when an answer is flagged for attention. If the "answer" was a follow-up question from the OP, I'd know that I probably need to go in and edit it into the original question. I at least need to go take a look. If it's a follow-up from someone else, I'd be more confident that I can safely delete it from the flag page without losing any information. So, while I'm not strongly opposed to this, I don't think it would be used often enough to justify the effort. If a moderator has edited your comment to change its meaning to something other than what you intended, you should flag it for another moderator to review, or bring it up on your Meta site for the community to weigh in on.