I know it has been common practice in the USA in the past to send convicted criminals to serve in the military in time of war in lieu of jail or some other kind of community service. Particularly during WWII, when thousands of men were paroled contingent on military service. In general, if a country is not invaded, it means that there are no resources worth having that are deemed worth the trouble it would be to take over. The particular war you mentioned with the British is a good example of the principle. Its a pretty good bet Aquinas knew about it and later Crusades, and factored what he knew of them into his thinking when coming up with his three conditions for a "just" war. So if anything, the relation between Just War Theory and the First Crusade goes the other way. The point here is that any interpretation you get is just that: someone's interpretation. Quite often there's no one right answer. The Romans were known to retire their soldiers with a pension after 25 years of service. That would probably have put most of them in their early to mid 40's. The effect of the march, if not decisive, was still a huge blow. Farms and industry in a wide swath of the state were destroyed, and railroads were ripped up to prevent nearly all movement of goods and men to support Lee's army. Since the Union already had the Confederate ports blockaded, the above two actions not only knocked Georgia completely out of the war, but also cut off any states west of Georgia. Effectively, thanks to Sherman's march, the Confederacy was now down to just the Carolinas and Virginia. (In the spring, he proceeded up through the Carolinas). If history is to ever record such a time, Steven Pinkner argues that it is likely to be in our future, not our past. His Better Angels of our Nature argues that the rates of murder and death in warfare have been dropping for centuries. I'm not sure I buy that argument (reference the trajectory of the graph above), but I'd sure like to. Not at all directly, as that would be a bit of an anachronism. It appears that you are basically asking if USA sources ever publish histories that are either cheifly about, or at least include, some of the more unsavory, or even downright immoral conduct of the United States throughout its history.