You need to be careful, though, how much faith you put into this sticker - if at all possible you should try both sizes and judge for yourself. Also, don't forget that different frames, with different geometries and tube angles, will also come into play. If you test the two sizes, and you still end up thinking that neither one fits you better than the other, at that point you could apply the smaller=performance/larger=comfort principle. The full article is here, but to summarise it: This can have a knock-on effect with the width of your rim, as a rim will have a range of compatible tyre widths. The outside of a wheel is called a rim. The centre is called a hub. On your bike, bolted on to the side of the hub is something called a freehub body. This part holds the cassette in place (and provides the freewheel mechanism). Plus don't forget, under the large umbrellas of "road bikes" or "mountain bikes", there are many different frame geometries which offer many levels of comfort. I will do this on long descents just to keep my legs turning over and to prevent them getting too cold. But I will mix it with coasting. First off, the sloping tube (your second image) is known in cycling parlance as a compact frame. I found an article on the Giant web site about the advantages of a compact frame. When I say "advantages" - this is Giant's word not mine! Look at the angle of the guy's back, that's the key to why they say that. For performance, the back will be in a more horizontal position. However, what we can say is that 700x23 is enough to define the size of new wheel you'll need. This is actually the tyre size, but the two are pretty much interchangeable in terms of defining wheel size. Also, you need to make sure that you get something compaztible with your 7-speed cassette. I was just wondering if anyone knew what these values actually mean? (left/centre/right thickness?) Or is it something proprietary to Giant? For example with road bikes, at one extreme there are bikes designed to be ridden by professional racers, whose geometry will sacrifice comfort for efficiency/performance. Transpose all of this to you. As regards the roads you ride, how good will they be? Basically, the smoother the road, the faster you'll travel. If you had a road bike, how light would it be? Plus there's you - how fast would your legs take you? These are all factors that would affect how fast you could ride. In terms of actually swappuing the wheel out, new wheels generally come with freehub bodies ready to ride, but don't come with cassettes. So your problem basically becomes one of getting the cassette off the old wheel to use on the new. To get the cassette off, you'll need something called a lockring removal tool, which is basically a keyed nut, but again these vary with cassette manufacturer, aqmongst other things. Park Tools, among others, offer a good selection here.Then you'll need a spanner, 1" iirc, and lastly something - a vise or a chain whip - to keep the freewheel still while you unscrew everything. You'll use the same lockring tool/spanner to tighten it all up again. It really is a 2-minute job, but without the correct tools is quite impossible. The thing is, different manufacturers use different patterns to keep the csassette in place, so if you're buying a new wheel you need to make sure you buy one with the correct freehub body, or be prepared to fit one yourself (added faff, more tools). So that's why we can't fully answer your question. The current Shimano Ultegra chainset comes in triple, double and compact variants. There is a theory that keeping the legs moving will keep your blood flowing and help pump lactic acid out of the muscles. I can go along with this as I've felt the benefit, or at least I think I have. At the other extreme there are, for example, touring bikes which are designed with a more relaxed geometry, so as to be comfortable for riding all day, over several days, and carrying a load. There are a gozillion bikes in between, and the story is repeated for mountain bikes. To get an idea of speed, you'd probably get more from looking at professional road racers. These guys will typically ride at speeds of maybe 40+ km/h. Put them on specialist time trial bikes and they will top 50km/h. And these are average speeds - you can imagine that gradient, wind and the ability to slipstream will be factors plus or minus. Certainly when descending, the 70km/h you mention is not all that much for them - I myself have gone at more than this speed and lived to tell the tale (I am far from being a fast rider). But when you start to think about upgrading parts, you've got your groupset, wheels etc. These things you can generally upgrade at your own pace, and as your budget allows. And they would apply to any bike, carbon or not. The number of comments to your question is becoming quite large, so I thought I'd roll my comments up into an answer (of sorts). I think if you have a non-carbon-framed bike, however, one of the big things to think about as regards an upgrade is the frame itself, i.e. basically buying yourself a new bike. And, of course, this will be pretty expensive and not really something you can do piecemeal. Now I'll say straight away that you can attach your own weight to some of these features, this article has a whiff of marketing about it. But it certainly gives you some food for thought. The one thing I always say to people in your situation is to remember that we have all been there. And the saving grace here is that by the time you get to buy your second bike, you will know exactly what to look for. With that in mind, you might want to think about limiting what you spend on your first bike.