Observers highlight key things that are occurring during a match. It can be the big fight is going on in the middle of the map, or a drop going on at the same time. Sometimes, it is something as little as noticing that a player is getting a quick upgrade. They are the cameramen of the game. 

If he goes that defensive you can also abuse the fact that he won't be expanding and expand quickly. Get up another base quickly and out produce him. Because he's so heavily invested in static defenses he won't have a big mobile army. That means you can freely and for the most part, safely expand. Just make sure you know where he is at all times. A few observers outside his base can be very handy. 

If you let him get that many void rays then it's your fault he wins, if you scout early that he's going void rays just 4 gate him. He will have a tough time holding against you. Most protoss players should have this build in their toolbox all the time, though higher ranked/skilled players will know how to hold it off properly. 

As an offensive unit, the power that the mine possesses is very good against any unit as it is essentially un-blockable damage. The damage it does is spell damage, so much like a psi-storm, it does full damage on contact. Again, it's all about placement. 

Warp Prism Shields increased from 40 to 100. Watch this video about Pylons & probes to be able to macro up effectively. Your macro can beat him straight up, even if he cannons in. Immortals destroy cannons so you can get a few of those and break him. Or you can abuse the fact that he only has cannons up front and use a warp prism in the back/side of his base and just warp in a bunch of stalkers and destroy the inside. This early air unit allows protoss players versatile playstyles early on in the game while providing excellent defense for your home base and the ability to detect cloaked units (casted spell). 

With the note of only focusing on the early game, you say that add-ons are quickly and cheaply replaced, but in fact they are costing a lot more than you think. 

The biggest benefit to using the hellbat is that in its hellbat form it is considered a biological unit. What does that mean? It means that they can be healed by medivacs! Hellbats also gain a 50% health buff in this form, but are a slower moving unit and lose their long splash damage in favour of a cone effect in front of them.