Auto Attacks while under the effects of the root dealt 76 damage (53.7 + 10) * .714 = 45.5 damage per auto attack. 45.5 * .568 = 25.8 DPS an 18.3% increase costing 350 gold (1% per 19 gold) While Rift Scuttler is under the effect of crowd control that prevents her movement, she receives 25% extra damage from all sources, including true damage. EXP is granted based on being near a kill, not being the one to kill it. Each monster/minion/champion grants EXP that is divided equally to all those who are in that area. Rek'sai's Tremor Sense isn't a constant detection either and most dashes/jumps are quick and last maybe a second if not less. This means even if you weren't detectable while in the air, it would be for such a short time that it would make a difference anyways. No there is no way to change A's attack move command to only target champions. The default key "tilde" does not target the same way the "a" key does. So general laning duties would be: When affected by crowd control that prevents her movement, Rift Scuttler permanently loses 50 armor and magic resist. This can only occur one time after each spawn. 53.7 * .714 = 38.3 damage per auto attack. 38.3 * (.568 * 1.12) = 24.4 DPS a 12% increase costing 300 gold (1% per 25 gold) Long sword is clearly the better option if you are limiting yourself to 1 item even though it is a bit more expensive. EDIT 2: It is now enabled, you can disenchant leftover PROJECT items for 2 orange essence each. Auto Attacks before casting any spells dealt 42 damage. Auto Attacks after the root wore off dealt 60 damage However, there is an experimental change on the PBE, that changes the functionality of attack moving. Note that this may or may not make it to live and is currently only being tested. The above link has more information about this change and some pictures showing functionality, but below are the basics of what is being tested, taken from that post. If he leashed jungle he could have stayed long and taken EXP when the jungler killed the camp. To be level 2 though probably means he took EXP from more than one camp however. Turrets start with 40 armor which equals about 28.6% damage reduction. 53.7 * .714 = 38.3 damage per auto attack. 38.3 * .568 = 21.8 DPS to a tower. The very reason there is a duo lane bottom is to keep early pressure on dragon. So keeping the river and/or dragon pit warded both reveals possible ganks and prevents the enemy from sneaking in a dragon kill. This also goes for baron in the mid to late game after laning phase is over. You might be surprised how often people neglect to keep track of neutral objectives. Having someone on the team to give guidance can help keep everyone on the same page. To explain those two things better I will give three situations for top lane champions: If they pick their top first there is almost always a ranged AD carry that counters their pick. If you have to pick first, you can bait your opponents into countering the wrong lane. To elaborate on the second bullet: because of the meta, you picking an AD carry first will lead your opponent to counter your AD carry for the bottom lane. If they then pick their top, your team has a chance to counter their counter-pick with your actual bottom lane AD carry, which will give your team an advantage in the bottom lane. Assuming you can hold top with your pick, your team starts the game with a two-lane advantage. Of course there are ways for your opponents to keep this from happening, but you can imagine situations where it will work and it won't. Point is it has a high probability of working until people catch on. Ranged carries I recommend: Vayne, Jayce. Others you will have to figure out for yourself. As with any third party software that modifies how the game works, you could technically be banned for using this program according to the EULA for LoL. However, this particular program is fairly widely used and Riot is not targeting users of the software for bans, so you should be okay to use it. One of Kalista's passive abilities allows her to bond with one of her teammates. This teammate enables her to do a little extra damage (through her W) and to ult (which throws the bonded teammate into a group of enemies and knocks them up). For example, using completely fictional numbers, let's say we have a champion that has 10 base armor that has purchased 90 armor, for a total armor stat of 100. Last Whisper will reduce his armor rating by 27 (30% of 90), leaving his total armor stat at 73. As another example, a champion with 90 base armor and 10 bonus armor will only have his armor rating reduced by 3 (30% of 10), leaving his total armor stat at 97.