Add on since I see now the situation is happening on your own home. That is better anyway, since you can have more influence in your own home than you can elsewhere. So in my home we make rules together as a family, the kids are really prompted to come up with them, generally everyone easily agrees (like you can't go into someone's else's room without permission, no hitting, etc). You can set up rules that help cover this issue & you can prompt with questions like "What about when...." and see what they come up with rules on their own. Then when a rule is being broken, you can also say "hey I thought you were the one who said...". We also all sign the rules contract. In our house that contract is for everyone. You can also use distilled water by itself & colored paperclips. I added a couple caps of peroxide because I was still worried about it going yucky. Anyway, you can then tie a magnet on a string to the lid & use the magnet to drag the paperclips all over from outside the bottle. Mine also love that one a lot. Now onto other things. What if anything changed after being 5? Did he start a new school? Have a change in teachers? Have a friend move away or a new student added? Has anything changed with the parents, siblings, etc? So I do think you need to work on what messages your children are getting, that they are strong, firm, confidence building & limit setting. It is not okay to tell a boy that girls are smarter. It is not okay to a boy that boys are stronger. Those are far from universal truths & they do not help in character building for either kid. What I find helpful in my kids is I speak what I want to see. I say things like "I know you have a loving heart. What is going on right now that you can't show that part of you?" I find it much more effective than saying "Why are you being such a little meanie pants?" Your step daughter, at 5, isn't some awful diabolical little tyrant as much as it may seem so. She has reasons for doing what she does & when you sort out why she is doing those things, often solutions are much more attainable. Kids will act it out when not happy. We call it "acting out" instead. We also say things like the kid is "giving" me a hard time instead of seeing the kid is having a hard time. Children don't just up & decide to be aggressive. I didn't give my sibling a black eye for no reason. If you think back to your own childhood & the things you did, there were reasons you did them. If those had been resolved ahead of time, chances are you would have never misstepped. It could be something like jealousy even, especially if she doesn't see her dad often, or it could be insecurity if she thinks her mom might love him more than her, or or or. Children usually have something under the surface going on when their behavior seems this level of purposeful & repetitive & unkind.