Take the following verses from the Holy Qur'an: But still, we muslims agree that we give more emphasis to the two aspects 'allowed' or 'prohibited' even for small things. The reason is the fear of getting astray through minor sins. You fail to understand the motive behind condemning musical instruments in Islam. The motive is nothing but the music alone. It is just like liquor which is banned due to its intoxicating nature. Muslims who use gadgets (Mobile phones, Video/Audio players) also use them to listen to Qur'an. Since our gadgets are now transformed into casings that holds Qur'an, It is not only muslims, people of every religion give emphasis to halaal and haraam. There is no religion on this world without these two key aspects. Not only religions, the law of every country/place is based on these. So, If you did eat it unknowingly, you just have to repent before Allah and promise him that you will try maximum not to commit it again, even accidentally, and also seek His guidance and help. in conclusion, there is no evidence that a fraternity is prohibited in islam. However i cannot speak on behalf of the freemasons due to the limited information given on their secret organization, i do not know if any haram (prohibited) activity is being carried out within the fraternity and its members. The Prophet (p.b.u.h) said, "The best charity is that which is practiced by a wealthy person. And start giving first to your dependents." The prophet not only allowed charity to be given to family members, but said that double the reward is issued once for helping a family member and one for zakat: 5:85 Strongest among men in enmity to the Believers wilt thou find the Jews and Pagans; and nearest among them in love to the Believers wilt thou find those who say, "We are Christians": Because amongst these are men devoted to learning and men who have renounced the world, and they are not arrogant. the prophet specifically requested that you pay for your expenses first, then give to your dependents afterwards, to prevent them from asking from others for charity. If you are able to help your family members and be a dependent for them it will be best than to have them ask a stranger for help when you are capable of giving them alms. This verse from the quran is a message from allah that is saying not to forbid yourself from doing things that were not said to be prohibited. Allah has explained to us what is prohibited, we should not commit what is prohibited, nor should we stray away from what isnt. But still, we muslims agree that we give more emphasis to the two aspects 'allowed' or 'prohibited' even for small things. The reason is the fear of getting astray through minor sins. So, If you did eat it unknowingly, you just have to repent before Allah and promise him that you will try maximum not to commit it again, even accidentally, and also seek His guidance and help. It is not only muslims, people of every religion give emphasis to halaal and haraam. You fail to understand the motive behind condemning musical instruments in Islam. The motive is nothing but the music alone. It is just like liquor which is banned due to its intoxicating nature. Let us study the ayaths as follows: Take the following verses from the Holy Qur'an: Muslims who use gadgets (Mobile phones, Video/Audio players) also use them to listen to Qur'an. Since our gadgets are now transformed into casings that holds Qur'an, There is no religion on this world without these two key aspects. Not only religions, the law of every country/place is based on these. the prophet specifically requested that you pay for your expenses first, then give to your dependents afterwards, to prevent them from asking from others for charity. If you are able to help your family members and be a dependent for them it will be best than to have them ask a stranger for help when you are capable of giving them alms. in conclusion, there is no evidence that a fraternity is prohibited in islam. However i cannot speak on behalf of the freemasons due to the limited information given on their secret organization, i do not know if any haram (prohibited) activity is being carried out within the fraternity and its members. The Prophet (p.b.u.h) said, "The best charity is that which is practiced by a wealthy person. And start giving first to your dependents." Narrated by Ishaq bin 'Abdullah bin Al Talha the verses above explain that the strongest relashonships muslims will have to other religions would be jews and christians because within their religions they have people who are devoted to learning and are not arrogent, both being highley apprectiated characteristics in islam. The verses also demonstrate that not only is giving to charity allowed, but it is honored in the quran those who give to charity are being called righteous by Allah. This verse from the quran is a message from allah that is saying not to forbid yourself from doing things that were not said to be prohibited. Allah has explained to us what is prohibited, we should not commit what is prohibited, nor should we stray away from what isnt.