Though we are save by the blood of Christ and are born again in Christ, we are still living in the world where Satan rules. From these verses, we can deduce that "All must die once (or at least once) and return to dust". 

According to Augustine, it seems, he interpreted the three men in Genesis 18 as The Trinity God appearing in human form, hence the three men. For Christians, the New Testament explains the Old Testament. For instance, Rashi wrote that Isaiah 53 is speaking about Israel nation while the New Testament says that it speaks about the suffering of Jesus Christ, the promised Messiah. 

The way of the world, connoted as the "Highway to Hell", is an easy to choose broad way. It is so easy to find it. The way of this world is everywhere; immorality, ungodliness, waywardness etc. are all around us. In fact, you don't even have to search the "Highway to Hell" because it's all around you. If don't want to follow Jesus Christ and carry your own cross, you have already chosen to go through the Highway to Hell. 

Boasting is generally inspired by the evil pride, and ought to be avoided. However, it has a nobler counterpart, whose attitude, instead of "look how awesome I am!" is "rejoice with me!" One attempts to place oneself above others; the other brings people together as equals. 

"Good pride," on the other hand, is a completely different thing, based on achievement and self-improvement. It's mindset is "I am better than I was yesterday." It's a noble emotion, one that inspires us onward towards the loftiest of all the Gospel principles: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in Heaven is perfect." Here, he was trying to explain to them that they would need to be prepared to stay mobile (side note: the word fugitive comes from a Latin root meaning "to flee"): they would need to always have a purse (for money) and a bag (to carry basic supplies) ready, and that a sword (for protection against other men) was to be more important to them than a cloak (for protection against the elements) in the days to come. 

Pride the Deadly Sin is rooted in enmity, competition and self-centeredness. Its mindset is always some variation on "I am better than you." It should not be necessary to go into detail as to why this attitude is directly opposed to Christian principles. Up until this point, the disciples had operated under the aegis of both Roman and Jewish law. They were seen as just another group of disciples of some charismatic Rabbi. If he had some strange ideas he was teaching, well, so did plenty of others. 

First, remember that Jesus was fully God and he was omniscient* and knew the hearts of men. He knew what people were thinking even when they didn't say it. 

This is an important doctrine to understand in light of many popular culture understandings of death as some kind of annihilation or ceasing to exist. Never in Scripture do we find an indications that any humans well cease to exist, but we do find lots of information about the change in our relationship before God. 

There is some fun linguistic gymnastics going on there and two things are being played off of each other. This understanding of death as a separation or rending apart of two things once joined is also the sense of 'death' that Romans and 1st Peter use when they speak of believers being dead to sin. We are no longer bound to it as a slave is to his master. Believers relationship with sin has been severed and we have been cleaved to a new master. 

* Actually in his role as the Son there were things he chose not to know because there were rights that he voluntarily surrendered in order to fulfill his calling, but that doesn't take away from the fact that he knew mens hearts.