Quarterback is also a position teams realize (in the NFL) that is very important, and as such they do a lot more scouting, a lot more research and interviews, and most importantly are willing to take chances on QB more so than on other players. You will always have someone fall through the cracks - the undrafted Tony Romo or the sixth round Tom Brady - but particularly in the last decade or so it's been well understood that in the salary cap era, particularly with (limited) rookie scale salaries, having a reasonably cheap, good quarterback is very important to success (see Seattle and San Francisco for great recent examples of building a team with a cheap QB). This isn't to say you still have mistakes - Russell Wilson made it to the middle of the third round, for example - but those are usually due to assumptions of physical deficiencies (in his case, height) that usually correspond to low success rates. From the NCAA rulebook, Rule 6 (Kicks), Section 5 (Fair Catch): 1941--Players may substitute at any time but may not be withdrawn or the outgoing player returned until at least one play has intervened. "Platoon" football made possible. Specifically, there have been 68 fumbles lost in 9221 rushing plays so far in 2015. 3/4 of a percent of plays involve a fumble lost. This doesn't count plays that are aborted, either, i.e. fumbled snaps. On the other hand, there have been 23 rushing plays yielding 50 yards or more so far this year. 40 yards is a bit more, but still well under 68 - 43 plays total. And that includes many situations where the defense is playing more of a press defense - something they would never do with 0:30 left to go in the half. All that, and a rushing play that didn't go out of bounds would have to either score or leave enough time on the clock for a FG, right? Okay, so we're not going to run - we're going to pass, right? Except, that's far worse. Rushing, odds are nothing happens. No fumble, no points, just a few wasted plays. Some coaches also have a good reputation for developing certain kinds of players. Steve Spurrier had a reputation for developing quarterbacks while at Florida, although most of his eventually fizzled out (at which point people realized it was the 'system'). If you want to look solely at the outcomes, well, there have been fewer than 100 overtime games since 2012, so it shouldn't be too hard to just count them? So the primary question is, "Does waving the arms below the belt qualify as a "waving signal"?" The timing is irrelevant (as b. clarifies, invalid signals can be made after the ball hits the ground or are caught, and are still considered invalid signals).