Here's the thing: very few readers will have the patience for more then brief, occasional snippets of languages they don't understand. And for brief, occasional, you really don't need the depth and authenticity of a constructed language - almost nobody will care enough to check up on your linguistics. 

This isn't really any different than any other important information you want to get across early. Here's a few thoughts: 

So clearly, you can get along pretty well without a constructed language. All you really need is: 

I'm sure there are other good reasons (and other bad ones); the important thing is that you know what you stand to gain by constructing a language (and how important it is not to lose your readers by swamping the story with it). If you understand the pros and cons, you should be able to make your decision on your own particular case. 

Another way is to go the opposite route - focus on one small detail, and ripple outwards from there, explaining how that one detail ties in with important elements of the larger setting. 

There must be millions of ways to describe setting, but a simple one is this: start with an establishing shot; one or two clear sentences that tell the reader where the scene takes place, and maybe touches upon the mood. Then pick two or three details that are easiest for you to use for both of the goals I mentioned (e.g. you choose the pond because it's important to the location, and you describe it as being peaceful and smooth because that's the atmosphere you want to convey). Since the establishing shot has conveyed the most immediate and crucial information, these details won't be confusing, and can be mentioned in any order - unless one of those details is unusual ("the pond was smooth, the trees swayed in the wind, and the hieroglyphic-covered merry-go-round tinkled a jolly tune" - you want unusual details first, just as a person's attention would be drawn to them) or particularly important to the plot (in which case you want to prevent the reader from skimming over it). 

But that's not what you asked - you asked about warning signs. Here are a few: 

You can get very, very far with these - and you'll generally be more reader-friendly, too. 

Here are some circumstances where I'd recommend considering a constructed language: 

Certainly stories can be written without a "traditional" antagonist. An example that popped to mind was Daniel Abraham's The Curandero and the Swede: A Tale from the 1001 American Nights; this story meanders between fable-like stories, all basically dealing with how people cope with the troubles life sends their way. 

Orson Scott Card sums this up in How To Write Science Fiction And Fantasy: 

You almost certainly want to avoid a shopping list of details about the park. You're not describing the wind and the trees and the building and... You're describing one unified moment in space and time. 

Then we grinned and licked each other's cheeks. He tasted like sweat. On a cold day like this, that meant he'd either been drinking or working hard. Probably both. 

There exist very effective ways to convey foreignness while keeping the individual words clear. Here's the relevant page in Card's book.. He gives two basic approaches: 

But really, I've seen lots of no-antagonist stories. The trick is to find out what is interesting in the story, if it isn't overt conflict. Sometimes it's a character portrait; sometimes it's an intriguing situation; perhaps a personal experience. Sometimes it'll be a unique literary experimentation. (In general, short fiction seems a better match for this than a novel - it doesn't need to be as compelling or as plot-driven, and you can mess around with format more because it doesn't need to hold up very long.) 

Edited to add: here's a few short stories I can readily link to which I'd describe as not revolving around antagonism: 

Well, first and foremost - do you believe in the character? Do you think he/she is sympathetic? If so, you're already in a good position - because you have a believable, sympathetic character, you just haven't convinced your readers of that yet - meaning, if you get negative critiques on the point, you just need to figure out why you like the character, and focus on bringing those elements out more strongly. 

The important thing here is to understand there's no "right order," because you're not filling out a list. You're conveying an experience; the correct order is whatever conveys the experience best. That might be "the experience of entering the park and looking around," or it might be "the experience of looking for a restful spot away from that hideous museum," or "the experience of being chased through a museum by radioactive zombies". Each of these will describe the setting differently, focusing on different details, and in a different order. If you don't know what experience your description is trying to convey, then stop and figure it out - if you don't know why the reader should be interested in your description, then he probably won't be.