A rasul may make some things haram which are not made haram in Quran. In that case, those things became "harams made by rasulullah". It is fard to stay away from them. Some of these rules are strategically made ones; for example, he may order not to buy sheep from a nearby tribe. Reason may be economical; for example, if he finds out a contiguous disease in milk, he may forbid drinking milk. In that case, drinking milk becomes haram. But we cannot push this order in the format of hadith, like "Don't drink milk, it is haram to you", and consider it as a haram even after 14 centuries. Or, he may order cleaning teeth with miswak (a special wood), when we see someone using teeth-brush we cannot say him "don't use this, use miswak, rasulullah ordered so". The key point is to understand the true motivations of the rasul, not the apparent surficial reasons. In my examples, what actually ordered were not "not buying sheep", "not drinking milk", "brushing teeth with wood". But they were "keeping the nation strong", "staying away from diseases", and "keeping our bodies healthy". Those who understand these true motivations are the people who really are living according to the Sunnah. 

Harams and halals made by raslulullah are practical solutions to the daily life of his local area according to the Book of Allah, and according to the conditions of this time. In Quran, in a lot of ayats, you can see the phrase "obey Allah and obey His rasul". When rasul orders us something, it becomes a fard for us to do it. This is the important part, try to understand it: It doesn't become a fard like Allah's orders, it becomes a fard to do it because Allah orders us to do whatever rasul says. We obey the rasul, because Allah orders us to obey him. That's why Allah says "whoever obeys the rasul, in fact, he orders to Allah" in 4:80. 

Rasul Muhammad was a successive leader. He governed the nation of Islam successfully for long years until his death. Because of his devotion, determination, success, hardworking and correctfulness, Allah shows him as an example to us in 33:21. 

Suppose that a powerful country has invaded your country. Your people are poor, helpless and hopeless, don't have any weapons to fight back. You heard two enemy soldiers talking, they were saying that tomorrow will be a big massacre day, they are going to eradicate the entire village by killing all the innocent villagers. If you tell this to the villagers, there will be a panic and you will be found out anyway; and all the ways are hold to prevent the villagers from escaping anyway. There is only one bomb you have, and all you can do is secretly penetrate their base at night and destroy their arsenal. And yes, you will be sacrificed in the process. But you have a possibility of saving the people in the village. Is this prohibited as well?