PLS HELP ME ASAP THIS IS URGANT!!!! Questions not in the given paths to migrate should not be migrated unless there is a compelling reason to do so. The end result of a migration is ensuring that a question gets more high quality answers faster than it would otherwise. I don't want to start poking and prodding at a better blacklist until and if that proves to be insufficient, and even then, I think we're looking at something a bit more Bayesian. .. this all leads me to think, shouldn't we make it so these tools aren't super secret any more? I think this would delay migration of questions that really should be shipped off somewhere else before they start getting answers, so the whole process is less confusing to the original poster. I think this is somewhat self defeating for the self moderating aspect of stack exchange. What I propose is simplifying it. Let anyone with a registered account leave a comment until n comments left by them have been flagged and deleted. If that happens, back to waiting for 50 rep they go. I know this is a little complicated, but enabling this softens one of the first sharp edges folks hit when deciding to engage. This is what you'd use for accounts that never should have existed in the first place, which would be those attempting to evade suspension, or an automatic quality block. Of course, most of us could solve the given problems easily no matter our state of mind .. it serves as a reminder as well as a challenge. The title of the pop up could be "Should you sleep on this?" I feel that this should raise a duplicate content flag, with slightly stronger wording. Would this be possible to implement? Or, perhaps, don't let users post new answers if they have a deleted answer to a question. Rather, force them to edit and restore the deleted answer instead, unless locked by a moderator. This is something that we're actively considering (in fact, it came up quite long before this year's Winter Bash). It would definitely serve to reward people that do what's needed to get the gold badges, and keep going. So, thanks for being awesome and sharing what you know, I don't think you'll run into this again in the future, especially given the quality of your latest work. What this effectively does is spread your force over a much larger area, or, if you're a spammer, thousands of infected Windows XP machines or rooted web servers run by lazy hosts that are incredibly great at not looking like what they are. Using it on an obvious troll is acceptable. The email you received was to inform you that you shouldn't be using it on accounts that aren't intentionally trying to disrupt the site. .. But hopefully ALL CAPS won't grace the database in the near future :) I know how much spam you're seeing, and we're working hard on improving the protection we've already put into place. It handles Tor well enough, but in some instances not soon enough, because a user has to hit us a few times before their footprint becomes deterministic. I like this idea. It gives users a clear indication as to why a tag can't be used, even though they see the tag applied to many other questions. It could also offer some tag specific advice on how to ask a question where a deprecated tag would be applied. Organize chat flags with some kind of sorting and pagination. It's extremely typical for there to be enough flags that the dialog to deal with them becomes obnoxious. Don't use the 'loaded' reasons against an account that was not intending to cause any real trouble or grief, and was otherwise just trying to participate normally ... crap questions aside. Give me a flag summary (as @Shog9 suggested) Several ideas are floating around at how to do this. Don't think, even for a second, that this is a problem regex can solve. It can't, and my therapist won't let me talk about that to any further extent. Legitimate users have their own needs for using Tor, and it's not up to us to question that. Our stance on this is always going to be - we value your privacy just as much as you value your privacy, to the broadest extent that we can. Everyone has different needs, especially people living in oppressive regimes. We can't let you change IP addresses every second, for instance, because that's just insane. But, we do our best. If we could make the tools resemble the tools on the parent site a little more, moderators would be more effective at repelling those who want to make sure that we can't have nice things :) I've spoken to some Tor developers that were blocked from using our site for Tor by the spam layer, because they were coming from exit nodes that we were tracking. They hate the abuse that Tor sometimes lends itself to, but it is a very small percentage of the actual traffic, as far as they can tell (but that's the thing with Tor, you really can't tell). It's becoming obvious that the browser bundle is helping the not-so-technically-savvy cover their tracks, some of them for evil purposes. As you can see, a few votes is all it took for it to lift again. Another few good posts from you will probably keep it from ever happening again. You might be safely on the other side of it now, at least to the point where a few negative votes won't trigger it again.