The cut off is not a good position to bluff in. That was a 2 bet pre-flop - one raise. 

I have seen it on TV a few times 

The more expensive tournaments are better players and more realistic play Still loose Wait for premium hands as you get paid off My read is villain was happy to let you build the pot. You slowed down and villain put you on exactly the hand you had and wants to shut it down. You have 10 outs. Recently Doug Polk posted on his channel with some creative editing 

Doug raises from the button to $1025 with T♣8♣ I have started to play suited 1 gappers in any situation I would play a suited connector. UTG+1 like the min raise - maybe come in for 2.5 bb 

When you are not in a hand be aware but relax. When Wolf claimed he did not see those chips and would not have done it if he had known tells me that he is weak or he is super strong and wants a call. When he does not ask to pull back the 10K it makes me more put him on super strong. But again that is strange betting for super strong. 

In the right spot I think 1 gappers are profitable. Better hand for tournaments. 

A coin flip is not a good bet in a tournament. Unless you are up against a small stack. 

Alec checks, Doug bets $3175; Alec calls 

A popular hand between Alec Torelli and Doug Polk at the Bike Both solid pros and have popular YouTube channels They both have reviews of this hand Polk will play exploitative but he is more GTO Alec knows GTO dead and will default to it but if he has a feel he will play exploitative Alec will make hero calls 

Turn 4♣ BTN $1400 SB $3400 Pot $11,100 Floor quickly ruled all in stands. To me this is a Best hand versus AA as every way I look at it it seems like 67s should be better. 

You also hear the term pot control. Keep the pot size down unless you have the nuts or are very sure you are ahead. 

On the flop you bet $3000 into $9650 Alec checks, Doug bets $1250, Alec flats A while ago there was a rant question here that wsop is rigged. The assertions to me were pretty wild so I figured I would check it out. I get there are not a lot of poker mathematicians on this site. Doug goes to great length to justify the river bet on GTO. He says if he does not bet here then he cannot get enough GTO bluffs in. Is this proper GTO from Doug? 

I like calling mid to late. For 4 BB or less. I don't raise with it until I have shown down enough for them to figure it out.