2: Laterals are considered to be backward passes. Rule 8, Section 7, Article 1: However, I doubt that fielding no players because of frustration would qualify as confusing opponents. Bringing the team back to defend the extra point was about Mike McCarthy's integrity. He wanted to stay professional despite miscommunications at the end of the game. McCarthy later stated: 

(b) If the spot of the kick was from the receivers’ 20-yard line or beyond the receivers’ 20-yard line, it is the receivers’ ball at the spot of the kick. 

So here are the bullet points that help identify the evolution of the fullback position. The origin of the fullback was in 19th century rugby. Originally these positions were named "tends," but the evolution of the game created some new positions with new names. For the wording here, the receiving team is the defense (the team that is receiving the kick). If the kicker misses the field goal on first, second, or third down, the ball is turned over to the opposing team. The kicking team does not get additional attempts. This is why teams rarely go for a field goal on anything except fourth down. There are cases where this may be important (e.g.: 3 seconds left in the game, down by 2 points, and the team is in field goal range on second down. The team is kicking in this situation). 

In the early days of American football (around the beginning of the 20th century), the role of the fullback was altered. Instead of the position just indicating a position behind the line of scrimmage, it began to also identify the role and physical nature of the position. A forward pass is complete (by the offense) or intercepted (by the defense) if a player, who is inbounds: There are a number of current NFL teams that do not have a full-time fullback in their starting lineup. The three with no fullback listed: Here's an attempt to layout the history of the position, and the time periods in which it changed. All of this information can be found here, although it's buried with all of the history of every other position as well. This question requires a good understanding of nomenclature, and I would encourage you to read the entire article in the link, especially the sections labelled "Age of Confusion" and "Making Sense of it All." As the article states: From the NFL rulebook, Rule 5, Section 1, Article 1: 

(b) touches the ground inbounds with both feet or with any part of his body other than his hands; and 3: Every reference in the rule book about the who an eligible passer is says either "the passer" or "the runner." Specifically, Rule 3, Section 27, Article 2, Supplemental Note 2 states: When a player (or players) is going to the ground in the attempt to catch a pass, Rule 8, Section 1, Article 3, Item 1 states: 

Player Going to the Ground. If a player goes to the ground in the act of catching a pass (with or without contact by an opponent), he must maintain control of the ball throughout the process of contacting the ground, whether in the field of play or the end zone. If he loses control of the ball, and the ball touches the ground before he regains control, the pass is incomplete. If he regains control prior to the ball touching the ground, the pass is complete. 

There are a lot of extra rules and exceptions based on where the ball lands if it misses and stays on the field and whether the ball is touched by the defending team, but in every case the non-kicking team ends up with possession of the ball. Simultaneous Catch. If a pass is caught simultaneously by two eligible opponents, and both players retain it, the ball belongs to the passers. It is not a simultaneous catch if a player gains control first and an opponent subsequently gains joint control. If the ball is muffed after simultaneous touching by two such players, all the players of the passing team become eligible to catch the loose ball. 

(c) maintains control of the ball long enough, after (a) and (b) have been fulfilled, to enable him to perform any act common to the game (i.e., maintaining control long enough to pitch it, pass it, advance with it, or avoid or ward off an opponent, etc.). It goes on to note in Item 1 that it is illegal if it is So backward passes are by definition a pass between players that does not advance forward; reverses are a type of trick play. It is important to note a few other things about the statement. First, they acknowledged Tate should have been called for pass interference when he shoved Sam Shields. Second, the video review did not show enough evidence to overturn the touchdown ruling. This would indicate that had the official who called for a touchback was the one the referee listened to, then it would have remained an interception rather than a touchdown. (b) the ball first strikes the ground, a player, an official, or anything else at a point that is nearer the opponent’s goal line than the point at which the ball leaves the passer’s hand(s). 

Ultimately, the argument here is that Jennings didn't have possession of the ball when his feet hit the ground, Tate did. So regardless of who grabbed the ball at the peak of the jump, the officials ruled a simultaneous catch when they hit the ground, resulting in a touchdown since ties go to the passers. 

Reverses are not related specifically to forward or backward passes. Rather, they are "common trick play[s]... that involves one or more abrupt changes in the lateral flow of a rushing play" (Source). More often than not these will start with a hand off, not a pass.