"Sometimes religious experiences are a result of delusions, so we can't say that such experiences justify religious belief. Even so, might certain religious beliefs be true?" 

God becoming man is equally nonsensical to Jewish thought, but for very different reasons. 

From there, Paul says Jesus took on a different form, that of a servant and a man. 

In my opinion, an atheist can, but probably wouldn't accept Plantinga's account of warrant. To clarify what is being discussed, here's a formulation of Plantinga's warrant taken from a summary of his second book: The idea that anyone could take on a different form than their own is nonsensical within Platonic thought2. A god attempting to become a man is the equivalent of attempting to "draw a circle that is square" as Cody Gray suggests in the comments to the question. But Paul is trying to express an idea about God that is completely novel: a god that has power to change even his own form. Elsewhere, Paul admits this concept of God appears foolish. But an atheist could suggest following Plato that Mind exists as an abstract and that our minds imitate or mimic the form of Mind. To put it in the terms above, the form of Mind is the original plan (and it is a good one) and the modules of minds aim at true because they mimic the modules of the form of Mind. I see that type of thought in the works of Douglas Hofstadter, for instance. 

Although the word "design" is used a number of times, that does not in itself infer God or an intelligent designer. Design can come from undirected processes, which is the contention of Darwinian evolution. Another example of an undirected process that produces a functional design would be a river bed. Nobody tells the river where to flow, but the process of flowing haphazardly produces a path that efficiently moves water from high to low ground. It is a design in a sense, but there is no intelligent designer. 

This is a restatement of the Gettier problem, if I understand correctly. The main thrust is that a person may have justified, true belief, but not really know something. That does not seem relevant to your question, since you don't actually seem to promote the JTB formula. 

Since every mind will be disrupted by a unique set of interference, one solution to the problem of knowing if an explanation is rational or not is to submit it to a collection of minds in some public forum (such as this one!) where it can be analyzed. Presumably the consensus of many minds will eliminate the most common forms of bias. Problems with this approach are left as an exercise for the reader! 

Now this statement is clearly true by definition: 

Note that by using the word "form" (μορφη1 in the Greek) Paul is referencing Plato (or at least the ideas of Plato, which he'd been trained in). Jesus started with the "shape" or form of God, which meant that he was identical to God on a Platonic level. It isn't a perfect choice of words, as we shall see in a moment, but it speaks in terms his listeners would understand. 

The question seems to tie skepticism with rationality, which seems to me an incorrect definition. Skepticism is a tool in the philosophers toolbox and reason is the mighty pillar on which the entire project of philosophy rests. Certainly it is often rational to be skeptical, but to imagine that skepticism is always or even usually the most rational course of action seems, well, foolish. 

However, I wonder if your assumption that recent research has shown religious experiences to be unreliable holds. Polling data shows that, at least in the US, equal numbers of people report having "Religious and Mystical Experiences" and not having them. Global polls would likely show that most people have had those sorts of experiences. And history suggests that these sorts of experiences are overwhelmingly normal for humans. Extrapolating a bit, they seem least common among populations that have taken an a priori position against the possibility of such experiences. Confirmation bias would suggest that in those populations, evidence for such experiences is ignored and evidence against is highlighted.