Karl Popper advocated for "critical rationalism," and built much of his argument around the idea of falsifiable statements. Seeing that the strengths and weaknesses of science are so confounded, it is up to each individual to decide if those are ideal for them. There are many others, none so visibly different from the scientific method than that of TCM. As described to me in a lecture, the difference is in the approach towards healing the human body: Knowledge is typically defined with its roots in the definitions explored by the great Greek philosophers. SEP points out that the most common starting point is "Knowledge is Justified True Belief." For purposes of this question, the word "justified" is essential. Testing a hypothesis is a form of justification. Thus, your question might be what other forms of justification are there. Those examples of alternatives in mind, scientific knowledge almost invariably involves the testing of hypotheses, by definition. The scientific method expressly requires the testing of hypotheses, so virtually all knowledge which is given the moniker "scientific" involved the testing of hypotheses. Can I claim one is better than the other? I'm not sure if I can. However, I do feel comfortable claiming that they are different, and that a remarkably large number of individuals consider one better than the other in both directions. It's simply another way to approach things. Once you accept such a definition, such an axiom, it gets brought into a tremendously powerful system. Most of mathematics accepts some form of inductive proof, so the acceptance of an axiom is a very powerful thing. It means you accept any and all consequences that can arise from applying it an infinite number of times. There's a good reason they need to be intuitive. Proof systems that admit induction literally go, "1, 2, skip a few, 99, 100, skip a few more, infinity. See, I proved it!" (Edit: Jan felt this was not a valid use of "literally." For a more precise wording, see the Peano Axioms. A version of "literally" I can use properly is to say that the purpose of induction is to literally skip an infinite number of steps in your proof.) If your definitions are not extraordinarily in line with reality, an infinite series of skipped steps will contort your definition until it looks absurd. Consider Xeno's paradox, which proved you couldn't move anywhere through an infinite number of steps, and yet we move places all the time! 

The line is typically drawn slightly differently, mostly because the word "explain" is not precise enough for a hard-edged debate on the topic. As given in the introduction to Phyiscalism on wikipedia: The scientific method is completely and utterly useless without statistics. This means any singular event is completely beyond its reasoning. It cannot provide answers to topics such as "the purpose of your life" because there is only 1 you, and N=1 means there is no statistics. Now I mention cheating. You mentioned alternate topologies on which we may define a "straight line" to have behaviors different from Euclid's. This is just a linguistic issue. If Euclid had called it a FribbleMoose, we'd probably invent a new term for the concept in other topologies. But "straight line" still has an intuitive appeal." This is mathematics! We can define anything we bloody well want! A FribbleMoose may be a neat definition to work with. However, it is him electing to call it a "straight line" that suggests that this mathematical definition may have real life implications. This implication is not material to the definition. If it turned out that all of society agreed that Euclid's wording was a poor one, it would at least still have at least as much meaning as a FribbleMoose had, although people may complain about his deceitful naming scheme. Douglas Hofstadter would call this a strange loop. If one believes mathematics can "fully describe" reality, one can make a pitch to claim that reality is a subset of mathematics. Empirically, these two would look identical. Tegmark is arguing that you can choose to put reality inside mathematics instead of putting mathematics inside reality. Like all ontologies, it is very hard to challenge. If you say that reality is not mathematics, and he says reality is mathematics, how can we really decide which one is "right?" You are confusing the empirical act of measuring versus the concept of measurement used in theories such as SR. Euclid's definition of a line is really two pieces. The first doesn't care about how it maps to the real world, so he could have said 

The end result is that much of TCM is doctor-centric. A doctor finds out what works well for them, and suggests it to others. The focus is less on rejecting bad hypotheses, and more on finding new good hypotheses. TCM relies more on natural attrition to weed out the hypothesis, rather than actively trying to disprove them. 

You're an engineer. You're familiar with computing. If you are working as part of a shoestring-budget startup, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a meaning. It typically means breaking the piggy bank to scrounge together a few GHz worth of processors to do the work. However, if you're working on a BlueGene/Q, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a different meaning. If you tried to solve their problem by walking in with a few Windows 10 boxen, they'd look at you funny (but the startup might have drooled, and wondered where you got them). In natural languages, the meaning of words often shifts with contexts. For most contexts, Euclid's definition is good enough. For general relativity questions, the term straight-line has another meaning. In fact, it becomes so different in nature that people tend to call the GR version "geodesics!"