Promote improvements in the quality and usefulness of education through Federally supported research, evaluation, and sharing of information; Almost the entirety of foreign policy apparatus is laid out and reserved in Articles 1 and 2 of the Constitution, and therefore inherent in the Congress and the Presidency. For example the President has the power, with advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint Ambassadors, is Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. Similarly the Congress can declare war. The treaty power is shared among them. New Hampshire (4) and Michigan (16) were both late in confirming their totals. Canvassing in both states need to occur As you can see from the above reference, it's perfectly normal to begin naming appointees. There are a lot of them. Please see the Plum book for a full listing. Most certainly if bribery were found to cause a change in the election of whom was projected President, the Congress would not certify that result and choose the correct candidate. Yemen is perfectly set to become a sectarian war that will see millions more in foreign funds transferred to various proxy forces in the country, as in the case of the ongoing civil war in Syria. Has this Public Law ever been challenged in the courts? Are there any Non-Delegation doctrine or separation of power arguments for or against the constitutionality of this act? This type of evidence seems counter to your general thesis about Iranian and Palestinian bombings. How are potential terrorist organizations evaluated for inclusion on terrorist watch list? Is it a panel of independents or academics or law enforcement? Does it have political appointee input? Is it classified? A governor’s trade mission can close deals and open doors. These trips create deadlines to finalize a business deal or an expansion plan, to ensure the politicians have success stories to unveil during their tour. And a governor, as the state’s most prominent elected official, can line up in-person meetings with hard-to-get political officials and business executives. As a way of already stablished candidates (Reps and Dems) to get a "second brand" that caters to people too extreme for the mainstream parties. Probably, the fact that Serbia was politically supported by Russia and that Russia was in its lowest hours and mired with economical and internal problems could have been a factor, too. 210% = 0.1 probability. The probability of 3 independent events is the multiplication of their probabilities, so for the three states changing their winner it would be 0.1 * 0.1 * 0.1 = 0.001 = 0.1% Additionally to IllusiveBrian's answer, you should consider what these numbers mean. 2Although it is hard to be sure just by looking at their support history, some party supporting always the Democrat or Republican nominee does not imply that they are "second brands" of these parties; it might simply mean that the party position is too much to the left or to right to have another viable endorsement opion. Without discounting hidden motives1, the public one is more than enough. To answer why don't you see members of the armed forces immediately at each emergency scenario, a couple of thoughts: 2Yes I know, popular vote vs electoral college, but there are already lots of answers covering that. The information coming from the Comey's or Yates' affairs are good examples; both could have submitted to the pressures but chose not to; and the President's actions are being heavily criticized.