There are techniques you could try to help your child sleep through. Early weaning probably won't help your baby sleep through the night. http://www.babycentre.co.uk/baby/sleep/solidsexpert/ Recommendations are that babies get nothing but breast milk for the first six months; or formula if breast feeding is not possible. There are important health reasons for this. Some people might suggest 'controlled crying', but that's not really suitable for babies under six months. If you decide that you still want to wean early, you could read this advice about what foods to avoid. It's an old wives' tale based on the mistaken assumption that young babies need solids such as baby rice to help them sleep through the night. The Department of Health recommends that babies should not be given solid foods before six months. http://www.nhs.uk/Planners/birthtofive/Pages/Babysleeptips.aspx http://www.nhs.uk/Planners/birthtofive/Pages/Weaningfirststeps.aspx It is not a good idea because you may throw the "I'm full" instinct off kilter; more importantly, babies have been known to aspirate cereal when cereal is mixed in a bottle with formula or breast milk. Babies who are younger than 4-6 months old seldom know how to properly swallow anything other than breast milk or formula and gulping or "inhaling" a bottle with cereal in it may have deadly consequences. The first and most important thing is to be there. Hold her when she needs a hug, read to her, play with her, etc. etc. Spending time with, on and for your daughter communicates to her that she is important to you - a big± part of self-esteem is in feeling important and loved. That last one is the working method at this point, but it seems - I don't know, physically harsh. I'm has gentle as I can be, really providing a block more than putting any pressure on him, but I wondered if there were any methods out there I am missing. This means that instead of giving compliments, your default should be to talk to the child about what they think. In a small child, that might be something like, "wow, it looks like wearing that dress makes you feel really good." or, "How did throwing the ball that far make you feel?" Of course, mixing in an actual compliment here and there won't hurt, just be careful not to overdo it. The book I recommend is by Suzy Giordano and although we did not use this method with our daughter, I know a family that has used it successfully with two baby boys quite well. The book goes over what is going on with kids at each age-level and what to do depending on the month range your child falls under. It is respectful of baby AND parents and from what I've seen works really well. It isn't as harsh as various "cry it out" methods I've seen even though there is an element of this after six months (but it really is a lot less painful with the pre-training that is offered up at the earlier ages. Ever since we announced we were going to have a second and it came out it was going to be a boy, I was relentlessly told that "boys are fussier than girls" when they are a baby. I wasn't inclined to believe such nonsense. It was all anecdotal evidence seasoned with the classic "everyone knows that..." argumentum ad populum. Keeping in mind that fussy, in this instance, is clearly defined as "fastidious about one's needs" and "hard to please" do studies exist that investigate the idea that boys tend to require more attention from a parent while girls require less? If they do, what was the conclusion of that study? Our boy was born and he is definitely more fussy than our daughter was. At the same time, he is also less colicky than she was. They were/are both healthy babies, growing normally, getting fed, clothed, and changed but it seems like, while she was able to be alone by herself for periods of time while we finished up the dishes or hung the laundry, he cannot stand being putting down.