So blinds need to increase to 500/1000 in 180 minutes. With 20 minute levels (with typical 9 handed play, that should be at least an orbit per level), you can either go linearly or exponentially to 500/1000. This range covers 16.1% of starting hands. 

When to use a polarized range As your opponents become more able to fold hands in certain situations, it becomes profitable to start adding bluffs to your range. When adding bluffs to a range, it is best to start with hands that have little-to-no showdown value - the 72o-type hands. There are a few spots this can be applied. A polarized range can be used when 3-betting in position pre-flop against a good opponent. A good opponent will not call with many hands out of position - they may have some high value hands in their calling range, but for the most part they will 4-bet or fold. In this situation, you will either want to get your money all-in, or fold. You go all-in with your high value hands, and fold the rest. So if you 3-bet with a hand like AJs, but have to fold to an all-in, that is a waste of a hand that can be profitably played in position. This is why we polarize our range - when we get 4-bet with 72o, and have to fold, we aren't losing value. Medium Moving into a more mid-stacked range, "traditional" poker ranges and thoughts apply - you will tend to get implied odds to set-mine and play speculative hands like suited connectors. You will be able to get paid by weaker hands when you hit the bottom end of a straight or a low flush, two pair can pay off your set, and a flush might call the occasional paired board. One added benefit to this method over the dead button method is that when the person who was going to be the button busts out, the button from the previous hand doesn't get to act last on a second consecutive hand. 1/3 at Rivers Casino, Pittsburgh Pa. Villain is a Hines Ward lookalike - he started out playing as a seemingly competent LAG, playing lots of hands fairly aggressively, putting opponents in tough spots. Turns out he's just a maniac. Has bought in for the 4th time, buying in full each time. Preflop raises have increased from teens, to 20s, to 40s. Folds maybe 1/4 of hands pre, raises everything else. Has been getting paid when he has the goods, and giving it all back with misplaced aggression. Table in general has seemed frustrated by villain. Hero 3-bet once before villain arrived and got a fold - other than that, there hasn't been any 3-betting preflop. Hero bets $50, villain calls without much hesitation. The rule of thumb I've always heard is that tournaments tend to end when there are around 10 big blinds left on the table. 

This will be the best strategy against a level 1 or level 2 player.