A possible reference to check (but I've not read it) is Alain Badiou's ontology. would be the "most natural" assumption to be tested experimentally in order to achieve a quantitative determination of force. Consider this analogy: numbers are used to count "things". Thus, what is the number 0 ? What does it mean to count "no things" ? But from the "machinery" of arithmetic (addition, multiplication, etc.) the "limiting case" of the number that "count no things at all" is uncontroversial (and very uselful indeed). 

But things may have gone differently ... We can comapre with the Law of universal gravitation : the "simplest" proportionality would be to decrease with the distance; the "natural" one would be to the decrease with the cube of the radius (the force spreads out in space). 

We can say that noumenon is the "limiting case" of a "thing" devoided of all "properties" (what we ascribe to it following our phenomenal experience). 

From a "conceptual" point of view, the empty set is quite simple . The "things" posited as the source of those interactions is the noumenon: it is completely unknowable to humans. In Kantian philosophy, the unknowable noumenon is often linked to the unknowable "thing-in-itself" (Ding an sich). In the same way, having assumed the concept of set (a collection of things), we can easily imagine the "limiting case" of a set without elements; with the basic axioms for sets (specifically : the Extensionality axiom) we can prove that all empty sets are equals, and thus speak of the empty set. 

P.S. Transcendental logic does not seem to be related here. Perhaps you are mixing transcendental (a property of inquiries) with transcendent (a property of things)? Second, Kant held that attempts to regard "phenomena", such as space, as things-in-themselves, would lead to logical contradictions. The first antinomy is held to demonstrate, that attempting to rule whether time, or space, are finite or infinite, would result in contradiction. Wittgenstein's Tractatus is said to be Kantian because it shares an abstract theoretical structure which we identify as typically Kantian. Kant's metaphysics is based on broadly epistemological premises (the nature of experience, of concepts, of judgments, etc) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. Analogously, The Tractatus' metaphysics is based on linguistic premises (the nature of linguistic meaning) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. Kant did not reject the virtue of benevolence. He embraced it. He did argue that benevolence ought to be based on a sense of duty, rather than on mere sentiment (feeling, desire).