Becoming works fine here, as a metaphor its valid enough and anything longer would bog down the prose. But I agree with Henry that out of context of other similar metaphors in your writing it could imply actual change, and distract the reader. 

For me they're a little heavy. In my opinion similes and metaphors should be punchy and to the point; they add detail, rather than being the detail. They should also only be used when needed. 

Don't put in swear words for the sake of it, but when they add strength to a piece of dialogue then go ahead. In fact, I really like finding music that fits the theme of what I'm writing, to help carry on that inspiration. 

Can I make the following suggestions: here are some resources: Jodie Renner Editing Novel Publicity Writer's Relief But was it enough to heal An-Mei's pain? 

When I was unemployed I did way more writing than I do now. If you really want to write, you need to make solid time for it (which you had plenty of time for back then.) Set aside some time, even if it's only half an hour a day. The more you stick to this the easier it will get. 

However, I believe that the suggested alternatives are too heavy handed and would only bog down the prose further; they're too formal. I always fall back on a very useful piece of info I once received: many publishers, upon reading a first paragraph that is pure description, will simply discard the piece and move on. 

For some people planning out the whole story helps them stay on track, but for others it stalls their creativity entirely. Spend some time figuring out what works best for you and then put it into place. 

Single POV's clear advantage over multiple is the ease with which people will accept a story in either of the most popular voices first-person and third-person. The contrast between those has been discussed exhaustively elsewhere. 

If you go for two viewpoints and make them both the main protagonists then you are stepping into an area of a more distanced consideration of the mechanics of trust and distrust. If you are inside both of the main character's heads then the audience is placed "above" the characters in terms of what they know, this causes problems if you want to communicate that they distrust each other as the reader may tend to groan as they wonder why these two lunkheaded morons don't just talk to one another. That's not inevitable, but it is a risk. 

"No, I had suspected, even though I didn't tell the Colonel," Quimby replied. "You see it was the first time in 10 millennia that any man had laid eyes on the Temple, but I had read accounts of it. These stories were passed down as myths from the pictographic writings of an obscure valley tribe. I had studied these legends for my thesis at the Academy nearly a decade previously, although my studies proved somewhat dangerous, even then..." Forgetting something like that is a huge deal. Reporters will be throwing questions at him like, "Is the Economy not important to you, Mr. William?", or "Do you not care about people struggling to make ends meet, Mr. William?" Maybe there's protesters shouting out pithy slogans. If you focus on showing these things, the reader gets a better understanding of what's happening: they'll see it went wrong, they'll see there's a huge angry crowd. The way you've written it, I know nothing of the speech, and nothing as to why the crowd were angry. Have a look at Crowdspring. They have several categories for crowd-sourcing Writing Projects. First, consider the opening paragraph. It is a good example of "purple prose"; as you suspect, it appears to be far too descriptive and flowery. Let's break it down: "The sun peeked out", "he watched the first rays of sunlight grace the Earth", "the clouds become lit with a fabulous, warm light", "the lush mountain vegetation", "lit up brighter than a fiery inferno", "His nostrils filled with the sweet smell of fresh dew", "his ears with the sound of happy twittering", "autumn leaves in the street dancing around in the air like wild butterflies". In the first part, you mention "He sat silently, thinking about his upcoming speech", something else that Palahniuk picks on, namely don't leave your characters alone: There are some good examples in the article to help you overcome these issues. As Palahniuk notes, you'll hate him for a while, but you'll become a better writer if you try follow this advice. However, Winston notes about Syme: "He is too intelligent. He sees too clearly and speaks too plainly ... the Party does not like such people ... one day he will disappear", and this is likely the reason he disappears and becomes an unperson. While he may be in line with the party's ideals, talking openly about some matters would be frowned upon, particularly if it draws attention to some things that are not meant to be remembered. People are meant to know their place in this society, and speaking openly about everything is not a trait valued by the party. I would also suggest that he could have been viewed as a threat to those in power above him, who may have concluded that he wished to rise in ranks and take their place, and hence something else that worked against him.