Even if we accept free will or some form of compatibilism, there is no consensus (or even majority) solution to the resposibility apportionment, and therefore there is no sure fire way to resolve even your example. Here is one way, sketched by Valentyne: However, the rights forfeiture doctrine is not without its own problems, which make it unattractive to many. But it has been defended recently by Wellman in The Rights Forfeiture Theory of Punishment, who analogizes the ethics of forfeiture in general to that of self-defense and war killings analyzed by Otsuka, Thomson and McMahan, among others: There does not appear to be a way to square this circle, one has to accept Leibniz's or Augustine's alternative (or both) and deal with the downsides. Option 2) looks more consistent, but it is rarely embraced, at least not openly. Perhaps, for "public relations" reasons it is more attractive to dismiss the question with something like "this is beyond us" or change the subject to the free will. This does not mean that we can convince anyone outside our moral outlook to adopt it: for we've already admitted that outside our moral outlook there is nothing to which we can appeal to commend it. We can only make various appeals to get him to see a situation as we do; if he is not so disposed there is nothing more that can be done... However, this doesn't threaten the objectivity of ethics, it only reveals him to be insensitive. The objectivity of mathematics does not totter every time a child cannot be taught to add." On the other hand, when we are making the same determinations more objectively, and consciously depending upon one another's real strengths or supportively empathizing with one another's real differences, we are being 'age-aware', and not ageist. If it were not ethical to do this, would it be ethical to put an injured tourist in the hospital at public expense? This something many countries with socialized medicine also do, and it involves providing housing and upkeep to someone in far less need to whom they have no formal obligation. How about incarceration of non-citizens? That is public housing, too, and may provide them income. Most moral systems have room for those two options, even given extensive homelessness. 'Capitalism' is the name for a market economy, but the primary thing markets acknowledge is not the holding of capital. Money is no longer based on actual property, it is now an entirely market phenomenon, based on the recycling of debt. So modern markets run on the successful estimation of value and a proper sense of the associated risk. One easy approach would be to argue that failing to lie by omission would cause harm. One case where I think it would be very easy to justify this would be if the person in authority is incapable of properly conveying the information. If I may use the terminology of speach acts, one often comes across situations where it is not possible to cause the correct perlocutionary act while speaking the whole truth because the listener cannot fathom the desired act. We see this in child rearing, when dealing with difficult topics such as death. We see this in religion, trying to convey the beautiful certainty our particular religion offers. We see this in all sorts of aspects of life such as love (how many times have people refused to explain what being in love feels like because they know they will fail to capture it). In many cases, if you omit content, it will lead the listener to go investigate on their own and arrive at a point where their own understanding is sufficient that you can finally tell them the truth. On the other hand, if you tell them before they are ready, they may interpret that truth wrongly, and then misuse it.