Yes, all 9-speed Shimano rear derailers share the same actuation ratio as all Shimano 7-speed ones, except for pre-7700 Dura Ace. Different chains, including modern ones, have all sorts of patterns or markings on the tips of the pins. On some there's some level of intentionality to it as a shift aid. There are no bike chains where all the links are screwed together. (There are some half-link styles where the pin screws in place, but that's a tangent.) For all the other parts of a chain - pin, roller, and inner link (or the bushing in the case of a traditional 5-piece chain) - you want it as hard as you can get it as long as the other mechanical properties (ductility being the big design counterbalance to hardness here I think) are what they need to be. That's how you get a chain that resists elongation the best and in turn keeps cogs and rings going longer, which is what most cyclists are interested in. A lot of people are now out of the habit of doing chain cleaning beyond wipe down level. It's safer and way easier just to buy another MissingLink (KMC's name for their master link design) of the same type (pin length) the chain came with, leaving you with an inner link that has one on either end. They're around $2US. The pictured chain is an older bushing-type chain, which was the norm until bushingless chains took their place. The reason to clean thoroughly is a marginal improvement in wear life and performance. But the key word is marginal. What you get for the effort is below the threshold of what many would consider worthwhile, especially riding recreationally. Shimano replacement pins are distinct due to the side where the pilot gets broken off. The regular pins should not be pushed back in under any circumstances to avoid breakage. The real solution for someone with your habits is use a KMC Missing link 9 on each chain, which is re-openable and works great. There is probably a grain of truth to the statement in question regarding the hardness of outer plates. Sometimes you do see chainring ramping get worn to the point of not performing as well as a result of the rider, usually a racer, habitually shifting under load. Every once in a while you see it somewhat in advance of the teeth being worn. I don't see why this effect wouldn't be exacerbated the harder the outer links are. (That being said, I'm not sure which if any chains, expensive or not, have outer links that are any harder than other ones, since you don't really gain anything by it, and I'll bet the writer has no data on this either.) I understand it can seem to make sense not to tarnish a safety-critical item with a third-party part. The truth is that the tactile nature of pushing pins through, even as per manufacturer recommendation with a new replacement pin, is much more accident prone than a securely fitting 2-piece connector made for the chain in question, as KMC ones are for Shimano. And disregarding their warning to not push normal pins back through is plain dangerous. There are two sides to this question, for the two places chains contact chainrings and cogs with force: the outer plates and the rollers. I've never seen a 7-speed chain rub inside a 9-speed RD cage. If somehow that were an issue, an 8-speed chain would work fine.