Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead! Ask for a hotel room with a tub since you're running out of time? 

Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. I don't understand the problem? This is not defiance. You can't make him go to sleep any more than you can make yourself go to sleep sometimes. All you can do is request that he stay in his room quietly so as to not bother anyone else or endanger himself. To this day I read agatha christie books when I can't sleep and it helps. 

What are your priorities in life? Actions always speak louder than words. You should decide this before you move. Offer to give them a copy of your own G&Os (you can just discretely copy), and a sample of lesson plans (you only need one or two per subject for such a short absence) if they wants to see them. Ask their opinions of special projects your daughter can do based on your trip, and offer double the number of projects your daughter would be expected to do in school. Offer to do a skyped or taped special presentation on some incredible aspect of your trip. (This will also keep your daughter in the teachers' and students' minds.) This should buy you a lot of goodwill. They will probably have to meet with the principal, and you might too. 2 A feeling wheel can help here. It's not too advanced. There are a lot of resources online for teaching (and modelling) an emotional vocabulary. 

With respect to Legos, the Commission states: 

Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. In general, this is a time to cash in on some of that trust you've been storing up :) Tell her repeatedly, "I keep you safe. When you say stop, we stop. But I also know how much you like learning new things and how proud you will be." 

Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead!