There's some scientific misconceptions here: 

Translations of the part highlighted in bold vary (see Islam Awakened), e.g.: 

"...so that man might incline towards women [with love]". 

A paradox arises in Qur'an-only Islam if tafsir weren't rejected; the Qur'an is simultaneously assumed to be possible to interpret by oneself, while at the same time tafsir is needed in some way. 

The Sun and the Earth both orbit around their barycentre (centre of mass). Since the Sun is far more massive than the Earth, the Earth has a lot wider orbit, and thus most people say the Earth orbits around the Sun. Due to the Earth's tilted axis of rotation, we experience this orbit through seasons (Summer, Winter, etc.) with longer/shorter periods of daylight. 

I'm wondering if this is a correct interpretation. 

In this way, Qur'an-only Muslims may insist on interpreting the Qur'an themselves. A user of the Qur'an-only free-minds.org forum explains the situation as: 

I'm wondering what would happen if the first condition were false, i.e., the man does not fear that he "will not deal justly with the orphan girls". 

In regards to "each running unto an appointed term", it's generally accepted by scientists that the Sun will turn into a red giant in a few billion years, swallowing and destroying the Earth and Moon, then becoming a white dwarf. Assuming this is what eventuates, the Sun, Earth, and the Moon all literally have appointed terms. 

(While a forum post is not a reliable reference, it's difficult to find authoritative Qur'an-only sources on the topic, and thus this may be the best available source.) 

I know the answer is "yes", but I'm unsure why. It doesn't seem to follow directly from the wording. 

This makes it sound like if you are the kind of man who can deal fairly with orphans, then as many as nine or ten wives would be acceptable. 

Question: Does Qur'an 7:189 imply women were created to benefit men? 

The post is referring to a translation of the Qur'an (pdf) by Qur'an-only proponent Rashad Khalifa. In this translation, there are extensive footnotes which can be considered to as tafsir. 

In regards to "to do their work", aside from the Sun providing a source of energy (which we couldn't live without), both the Sun and the Moon are responsible for tides. (Some animals use the Moon for navigation.) 

In simple terms, the word "galaxy" has nothing to do with day and night. The word "orbit" has comparatively little to do with day and night. What's relevant is "spin" and what we see is consistent with the referenced ayah. 

Essentially, Qur'an-only Muslims tend to be diverse; some outright reject anything outside of the Qur'an, while others allow outside material to varying degrees. 

There are some translations that don't seem to imply women were created to benefit men, e.g.: "...he may settle down with her"; and "...to reside with" (and the Sahih International, quoted at the top of the question). These sound more mutually beneficial.