Also don't forget to unweight the saddle on bent legs as you go over rough stuff (potholes etc.). You might of course just have been unlucky. 

I occasionally put one of my bikes in a rack narrow enough that it takes some pulling to get it out. The bike (including tyres) doesn't appear to have suffered at all. If your current tyres are knobbly right out to the shoulders and your new ones much smoother you might get away with it. But you won't know until you try it by which point you've bought at least one tyre. I'd be happy to dismiss it as bad luck, but if this is an issue I'll fit tyre liners next time I mount these tyres 

The tyres only have ~1000km on them, last winter and some of this winter. They've lost a few studs but the tread looks as new. They've only been used on tarmac (a few spots on my route are prone to black ice). They've also only been run close to the max pressure, as recommended for hard surfaces. 

Several of the spike bases showed signs of wear on the inside of the tyre, in one case there were threads showing. By the time I found that I'd taken the tube out, so I just covered it and put a new tube in. I haven't yet patched the tube (I do them in batches to save the glue drying up on the shelf) but there was no visible damage (or hissing with everything still on the bike). The tyre had held pressure for a week before feeling low on Saturday and being confirmed on Sunday, so I'm not inclined to blame grit in the valve. 

In summary: motorbikes can have bigger tyres because they've got more power, and they need to because they're faster and more powerful. Bending the cable may work too -- you might not have enough length but a sharp bend away from the tyre might work. Use longnose pliers. This stopped my front derailleur cable irritating my leg, for example. It looks like it's been cut too short so can't be tucked out of the way. But you may be able to cut it still shorter and use a smaller end cap/ferrule, or just part of one, or a blob of glue to stop the end fraying. 

So: Can the inner end of ice spikes wear through the casing to cause punctures? Keeping cars off a bike path is easily done with bollards. Good solid posts 1-1.5m apart will completely block cars, and the middle one can be a removable, lockable version to allow service vehicle access. Alternatively a gate can be provided next to the bike gap. This also permits horse riders. Where the primary concern is horse riders but bikes are permitted, a gate that a horse can step over is sometimes fitted. A cyclist has to dismount and lift the bike over - one thing on a lightly loaded MTB, another touring with a trailer. Here a picture of one (CC-by-SA David Hawgood via Geograph.org.uk): In this case it would also be possible to get a bike round the gate. 

With the exception of fatbikes, the widest bike tyres are narrower than the narrowest motorbike tyres. I'll ignore fatbikes as somewhere between too specialised and a novelty. 

One possibility to consider is a combo unit. Generally the pump on those is terrible, but it should be enough to get you home if you run out of CO2. Or carry both a pump and a CO2 valve and a cartridge. That way your first flat can be fixed super-fast and you avoid all the disadvantages (and the weight of a simple valve and one cartridge isn't much). 

As long as you keep to about the same size tire, your existing tubes should be fine. In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. ISO 622 is the same as "700c" (common road size) and 29er (new larger mountain tire). The ISO standard size of your tires and rims is 622. (18mm wide rim and 42mm wide tire) 

The best thing to do is ignore the big letter printed names that have inconsistent conventions, and look for the ISO standard stuff, like "42-622". 

Try to stick with something close to the same width and they'll work fine with your existing rims. Mountain (off-road) tires with their knobs can require more clearance at the same size. tl;dr: The 38-40mm Little Big Ben tires will fit your bicycle but (maybe) not your fenders You should petition for better bike stands that are more secure. What becomes a problem is if you store the wheels near a DC electric motor that uses brushes. These produce a small amount of ozone, which contributes to the premature destruction of tire rubber. Most AC motors are brushless, so are fine. 

Note that if your bike has a presta or dunlop valve, you'll need either an adapter or a different head. If the valve on your compressor is not replaceable (because it's not your compressor, for example) then you can fill up a portable air tank with the compressor (these tanks have schrader valves) and then hook up your manual-style shrader valve inflator to them. This is also a way to use a tiny little 12VDC electric tire inflator (such as in emergency kits) to build up enough pressure and air reserves to set tubeless tires. It might take an hour to build up 5 gallons at 135psi (and you might burn out a tiny compressor, so you'd take it in chunks) but you'd have enough air to certainly set even a car tire.