If you can get the same teachers' G&Os that will be teaching your daughter the rest of that year, that will help you to know exactly what the teachers want your daughter to learn in her absence. During the school year before you go, once you find out who her teacher will be for the year to come, make an appointment to meet with both teachers. Lightly peruse the textbooks, the workbooks, the reading list, and brush up on the G&Os/expectations before meeting with them. Tell them your plans, explain how you will cover all the required material you've read about, and sell them on the wonderful opportunities your daughter will have, especially what she can learn on her adventure - a second language, marine biology, exposure to a foreign culture - all of it. The most common method to do this is to list the pros and cons of making a move. Are you unhappy in your current location or merely irritated? If you're genuinely unhappy, a move would be a pro. Does your wife have a job at present? Does she love it? Will you be moving to a location with better schools? Will you be within easy traveling distance for visits? Are your in-laws willing to travel to see you in a new location? Can your family Skype? Do you take vacations together? Might this be a possibility? Will you be making significantly more in your new job to allow for things the entire family would like (like quality family vacations)? Good luck. Moving is never easy. 3. Express sincere regret for having caused the boy... (humiliation/embarrassment/etc. - all that apply.) Hopefully, this will be all that's needed. If your son didn't have problems before this year, loving him, working on empathy, and working on social skills with him will likely help a lot. Also, the school will lend you all the books and workbooks (except for teacher's answer keys and teaching/teacher's edition of the book) the kids will use during those years. You might have to pay a refundable fee for the books to guarantee their condition on return. Obviously, you pay for any books you might lose.