verification of information prevents us to "harm people out of ignorance" . Just imagine an alone woman in a conservative society where having a child out of wed lock could result in death. To add to those troubles, she delivered the child all by herself in the desert. 

In short, the Prophet(pbuh) was doctor himself and had learnt his cures from the best university in the world (Allah) In the above verse the Quran makes it compulsory on verifying information if it comes from a disobedient person(i.e. faasiqun). In this case it is seeking cure from someone else. If the Prophet(pbuh) fell sick and went to the doctor, the unbelievers would say "He goes to the doctor but cannot ask Allah for a cure whose prophet he claims to be". This does not in anyway mean Adam(pbuh) is "greater faultless son" than Jesus(pbuh). Every prophet has his own set of miracles. That does not in anyway imply one is greater than the other. Rather this implies that all miracles come from the same Allah. ESPECIALLY we as muslims ARE NOT allowed to distinguish between prophets. Jesus(pbuh) didnt have a father which was a miracle BUT Adam(pbuh) didnt have a mother and a father. This is double the miracle of Jesus(pbuh)! The hadith above does not indicate Jesus(pbuh) is a "faultless son" rather just that he was not touched by the Satan when he was born which resulted in him not crying. So it Allah's mercy to Virgin Mary(pbuh) that her son didnt cry. BUT ALLAH KNOWS BEST, why Jesus(pbuh) didn't cry on being born. This in no way means he is MORE faultless than Muhammad(pbuh). 

Finally, I don't think it's un-American to demand that the community be allowed to live with dignity and not be the subject of hate speech that paints the ideology that binds them in a grossly inaccurate manner and renders its members, as a whole, liable to suspicion of criminality and terrorism and even liable to personal attacks. Seriously, if this was done to African-Americans or Jews, the debate would not revolve around free speech, it would be around hate speech. Having said that, I think most American Muslims accept that as currently defined and enforced, this is covered under freedom of speech, no matter how disgusting or blatantly false. There is no contradiction between (legally) making your displeasure known and at the same time accepting free speech. KKK material is allowed, but are you going to expect African-Americans to remain quiet about it? (Don't tell me that "Muslims" get violent and other people don't - we're talking about Muslims in the West and we're ignoring all the complexity in some of the Muslim lands). 

The Prophet (saws) used humor to lighten the mood in many situations. He was known to always smile. When he laughed the whites of his teeth showed. When we read those ahadith, sometimes we don't really get the joke because we're living in a different time and different things are funny to us now. These are general commands to prophets SAW's wives, which are to be done always, not just after his death. And these are applicable to not just them, but all women. (And stay in your houses,) means, stay in your houses and do not come out except for a purpose. One of the purposes mentioned in Shari`ah is prayer in the Masjid, so long as the conditions are fulfilled, as the Messenger of Allah said: 

Coming to your specific question about abiding in the house, It doesn't mean that they should always sit inside their home. It means they should not go out in the middle of men like women during the period of ignorance did. If they have a purpose to go out, they can go. A good explanation is given in Tafsir Ibn Kathir (copied from here): 

(even though their houses are better for them.) 

(then be not soft in speech,) As-Suddi and others said, this means, do not be gentle in speech when addressing men. Allah says: (lest he in whose heart is a disease should be moved with desire,) means, something unclean.