Lucian has a bit of everything that makes up a good midlaner. Good mobility from his dash, strong burst and trade power from his combos, good waveclear with his Q, passive, and ult. So as far as ADC comparisons go, it's both where he's strong (very good early-game lane bully) and where he's not weak. While I've mostly talked about Zhonya's with this answer, this applies to all abilities that render you untargetable (Fizz, Vladimir, Bard, etc.) Ancient Golem (Big rock dude with floating blue stones): Gives buff that dramatically increases mana regeneration and cooldown reduction. What you are looking at is most likely the particle effect for the active of the Shard of True Ice. This is the only image I could find on the Internet, but I believe the particle effect gets more detailed. The only way to "dodge" a Tower shot after it has been fired is to become untargetable. Several champions have this capability, but every champion can become untargetable through the use of Zhonya's Hourglass. However, to survive a tower with Zhonya's, one of several things must happen: The Shard of True Ice builds out of a Kage's Lucky Pick, Mana Manipulator, and 535 gold. Your other option is find a way to remove the damage-over-time effect, which can only be achieved through the Quicksilver Sash or its upgrade, the Mercurial Scimitar. While the summoner spell Cleanse can clear crowd control debuffs, it will not remove most damage-over-time effects as they are typically not tied to crowd control effects. Dragon (... kinda self-explanatory): Gives 190 gold to the team that kills it. If by "epic jungle mobs", you mean Baron Nashor and the Dragon (the mobs along the river), then it depends. Dragon should taken as soon as it is safe to do so, as it grants bonus gold to everyone on the team that kills it. Baron Nashor, on the other hand, must be killed carefully. It is a very strong monster will often take upwards of three champions to kill (sometimes requiring a team effort). Due to this, Baron is often contested and an ace at Baron usually results in a loss for the aced team. Killing Baron gives a team buff that increases damage dealt. There are several ways to play Teemo (I've seen pure AP, AP/AS, AD carry, support, etc.), although the different styles often have several points in common. Unfortunately, building more magic resist or armor will not help against Twitch's damage over time. Twitch's Deadly Venom deals true damage, which ignores all damage reduction from armor and magic resistance. Therefore, your only option is to build more health. AP Teemo in particular should drop shrooms as often as possible outside of combat, they have great scaling with AP and more vision never hurts. However, the small cast range on shrooms means that shrooming during teamfights will generally be a defensive maneuver. Be sure to drop one or two under your AD carry if you suspect that you will be initiated on. Get out of the tower's natural range before using Zhonya's - The thing about Zhonya's is that it freezes you in place. It does you very little good if you use it right under the tower as the tower will just shoot at you again as soon as you unfreeze. Get out of range with a dash, Flash, or any other movement ability and pop Zhonya's. Activate Zhonya's with nearby minions - Zhonya's will remove you from the targeting list, essentially resetting the tower's focus. If done while in the middle of a minion wave or right before one arrives, you can get the tower to focus back on a minion while you unfreeze and stroll to safety. Stall for time - If you have an allied champion with an emergency save ability (Soraka, Zilean, Shen, etc.), you can stall for time with Zhonya's and then try to get that champion's attention before the effect wears off. This can be especially useful if the champion is just waiting on a cooldown to come back up before they can save. Be aware that if you damage an enemy champion as you come out of the Zhonya's Hourglass effect, the tower will target you again (unless you're out of range due to option #1). Be careful when tower diving as a champion with damage-over-time abilities like Malzahar. You won't be using your shrooms all too often during teamfights unless they engage on you. However, if you notice an enemy standing open in one spot (generally the AD carry), feel free to drop a shroom if you think you can do without too much risk. AP Teemo's damage during fights will come mostly from sustained damage on his Toxic Shot and burst from his Blinding Shot. Pets do not inherit item effects (either passive or active). The only item effects that would affect pets are such effects like Banner of Command, Runic Bulwark (and its component item, Aegis of the Legion), and the Captain boot enchant. Here are some trials I ran without Runaan's Hurricane: Things you want to do regardless of build Lizard Elder (Giant lizard thing with floating red stones): Gives buff that makes basic attacks slow and deal burn damage (this damage is periodic and true). Minion killing vs. harassing is a contentious issue and largely dependent on your champion. Some champions excel at harassing (Elise, Kayle, etc.) while others are better at straight-up duels. Your strategy will be largely dependent on your champion. Harass-heavy champions will prefer to whittle away at their lane opponent's health, grabbing a minion every now and then, and switch to farm mode when the enemy is forced to go back due to low health. Strong dueling champions, such as Riven or Fiora, will attempt to force trades, jumping in on their enemies when there are few minions, since they tend to come out on top on those situations.