So Tegmark's is, at the very least, an un-disprovable assertion, and one that sets the very frame of Occam's razor. To doubt it not only requires we create unnecessary entities, but that we acknowledge that those entities are utterly unhelpful to us, since they are necessarily unknowable and beyond consideration. This perspective suggests that our notions of space, time, color, etc. may need to evolve, perhaps in a literal and biological sense, before we can understand some of the deeper conundrums of physics. The simpler solutions just feel bad because of Kant's antinomy on the start and end of time. We have a conceptual problem with the start and end of time, and we transfer this difficulty onto the start and end of human consciousness, finding it difficult or insulting to imagine consciousness first arising, or 'the soul' ending. But those could just be our problems, and not the universe's. It also makes the real nature of space its mathematics, which is an aspect of our psychology, something we can expect eventually to perfectly express, even if we will never run out of ways to be surprised by physics. I am not sure an evolutionary argument gives a 'reason' in the sense you are asking. If it does, the answer to your questions is "Yes, both." Our strong leanings toward capturing simple symbols is just a hardwired mechanism, but it is shaped that way for a reason. Meinongians and other "relative modal realists" imagine there is something more basic than existing, that being 'modally existing'. There is some quibbling about what reproducing an effect actually means, but, as @MoziburUllah points out, modern science is reproducible because it adopts the assumption that to be useful, things have to be reproducible, and limits itself to those things. (So asking 'Why?' here is like asking why the wall you painted blue, is blue.) An approach that tries to combines them into a more cohesive and global approach to infinities in general is proposed by John Conway in the "Surreal Numbers", which introduces interpolation as a basic operation, rather than deriving it from division and the rest of arithmetic, and approaches continuity via infinite division, rather than topologically through pre-images. From that angle the conventions you find so bizarre, are largely just that, conventions, if ones we worked out over generations, and are pretty much born into making. The idea that we can think of multiplication on the complex numbers as scaling and rotation has a lot to do with the relative paucity of our own simple models of motion, and not so much to do with independent reality. After all, we really wanted circular planetary orbits. When we want to model waves, we try hard to make sure they get expressed in terms of the components of a rotation. And when we decided to model particles, we 'found' they have rotational inertia, despite that their rotation has to be 720 degrees, and acts relatively little like actual rotation. Once you let the real awkwardness of that notion sink it, it seems to me like polar coordinates are a solution in search of a problem, not something that just happens to crawl out of so many niches. This is the reason we can get better foundational arguments out of a perspective like Category Theory than out of Set Theory. If relationships are the more basic currency of existence, references are implicitly self-ordering, and our basic notion of equality or similarity is an abstraction with an internal flaw injected by overestimating the power of equivalence to provide clean contrast consistent with our intuitions of negation. Heisenberg's famous 'uncertainty principle' is theoretically traceable to the fact that we are limited to using atoms and fields as ways of getting observations, and that those involve waves that necessarily interact with the thing you wish to measure before you succeed at taking a measurement. Attempts to correct for the aspects of those waves you cannot determine would involve another set of waves, and another set of values impossible to fix. This does not presume any basic underlying randomness of the universe, only effects that can never be measured or known. There are deterministic models of this inequality, although they have undesirable qualities of their own. So to think of the Real numbers as a factual thing that we are 'grasping' is not any more warranted than the idea that we live in Euclidean space. Imagination can create models that do not fit reality, but are useful. That does not mean that what we imagine is knowledge. Our capacity to hold onto our natural notions in spite of reality, and in spite of the fact that the idea requires things that are larger than reality can possibly be, does not mean that we really know, or even imagine anything truly more complex than reality itself.