Another claim I'd like to verify is the reason, which is that although he was a member of the Kōdō-ha faction, he didn't support their coup so the censorship was a form of payback. I'm skeptical of this as the faction largely disappeared following another failed coup in 1936, and Yanagawa was forced into retirement as part of the purge, only to be brought back during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Is this true? I could not find any censored photos or articles of him, and the primary source for this claim - Sugawara Yutaka, Yamatogokoro: Fukumen shogun Yanagawa Heisuke Seidan - doesn't seem to be on the internet. So I can't see why Luodian was so important, given its poor (apparent) strategic value and defensibility. And yet both sides considered it important and fought hard for it: It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): As for the implied question of why they didn't do as badly as they did later (and earlier) the answer is that the 50's and early 60's in the Soviet Union was a period that saw: And lastly and most importantly, people expected cars to be horseless carriages, and look like carriages and have the same sort of comfort as carriages. That meant cars were tall, with high straight seats. Today when we sit in a car we sit down, and expect to lean back and have our legs forward, and not sit like you sit at a dinner table. If you introduced a car that is styles like a modern car on the market in pre-war US, it probably would have been an utter flop, because people would not know what to make of it, and they would have found it strange and uncomfortable. And indication of this is that the above mentioned Chrysler Airflow that indeed was lower than most cars at that time, also was a commercial flop, although the design was hugely influential. According to The Pacific War: Japan Versus the Allies by Alan J. Levine, corruption was a partial cause: It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): Eventually the NRA simply compensated by using corps, composed of 2-3 divisions, as the basic tactical unit: Wikipedia also suggests that it was due to bickering warlords who could not agree on whose divisions would be merged or disbanded, also citing corruption as a cause: Is this true? I could not find any censored photos or articles of him, and the primary source for this claim - Sugawara Yutaka, Yamatogokoro: Fukumen shogun Yanagawa Heisuke Seidan - doesn't seem to be on the internet. So I can't see why Luodian was so important, given its poor (apparent) strategic value and defensibility. And yet both sides considered it important and fought hard for it: