Communism is a political and economical theory. It describes a supposedly idealistic society where all property is communally owned, among other things. To ban a symbol despite the Freedom of Speech is a show of extreme disapprobation. It suggests that any association with the symbol is an act terrible enough to be criminalized. The Soviet Union is not hated that much, despite the atrocities they've committed, especially in Russia. Regimes that are supposedly communist or strive to be communists have indeed committed atrocities. However, communism does not suggest that we do these atrocities. The Hammer and Sickle is a symbol for many communist regimes. To ban this symbol is to show extreme disapprobation to all these countries. It is questionable whether many people even though some of these regimes. The Hammer and Sickle is a universal symbol of the communist revolution, rather than a specific symbol. While it is associated with totalitarian regimes, it is not only used for those regimes. The flag of Japan is not banned because it was used by the Japanese during World War II. The theory's symbol is a pink pigeon. Politics triumphs over justice. The Communists did not lose a major World War. In response to "But history tells us that many communist regimes failed on multiple levels (politically, economically, morally)." Things that affect people personally have more effects. Western Europe was not subjected to Stalin's purges. As such, they do not harbour a hatred for Stalin as much as they do for Hitler. It is telling that most bans on the Communist symbolism are in countries that were Communist. The net result is that right wingers view ID as a perfectly reasonable requirement and think that it is silly not to require it. But blacks (who almost universally vote for left wing candidates) feel like such requirements target them—with some historical justification. What do you consider to be a simple matter? Getting an ID can require proof of citizenship, usually a birth certificate. Those who do not already have a copy of their birth certificate may have to pay a fee to get one. A price of $30 has been asserted. Note that an ID is also required to start at a job (form I-9 to prove identity; the I-9 also requires either proof of citizenship or proof of work eligibility for non-citizens). Yet we rarely see complaints about that. Historically, Southern states used Jim Crow laws to prevent blacks from voting. In particular, they would create tests or fees which they would enforce more heavily on poor blacks than on whites. In reaction, almost all such requirements have been prohibited. It is generally illegal to charge a fee to vote. Is that it? What about violence? We often hear about extremism in the news through an association to political violence. Extremists are great candidates for radicalization. Radicalization is social and educational process that makes a person capable of extreme actions to support their views. This Resignation Letter is Not Required by Law Law does not require an outgoing senator to send a letter to anyone. I checked the federal Senate rules, federal statute, as well as the laws of Illinois and Kansas. I also checked the Kansas administrative regulations. None of these sources require a resigning senator to do anything. Additionally, the terms "left" and "right" are imprecise for any rigorous thinking. They are a kind of social shorthand that is really only useful for talking to people who generally understand the world the same as you. So the text of the Constitution specifies when citizenship matters. That the writers did not apply the concept of citizenship to all these other kinds of protections is evidence that it was not meant to be citizen-specific (according to the T.J. Law Review). The second definition is somewhat more robust: a person isn't belief because of their belief, but because of how they maintain it. They are unwilling to compromise or change their beliefs, even in the face of evidence or reason. They are passionate about their beliefs, even in times when it is otherwise socially unacceptable. Anyone with a different view was the enemy. Their ideology explains everything of importance with no possibility of being wrong.