As for the Wikipedia article on Singapore English, I can't see where it says that "'Standard Singapore English' is not a dialect, but a form of English". It does say that Singapore Standard English is very similar to standard British English (which I assume refers to RP). Singapore Colloquial English (aka Singlish) on the other hand, while based largely on English (as well as on the other languages of Singapore) is so different from English that it is not usually considered a dialect of English (ie it is not mutually intelligible with any other dialect of English) but a creole. Dialect: speech varieties are dialects of a language if they are mutually intelligible but differ in systematic ways. While the term "version" originated in Kartvelian studies (being a translation of the Georgian term kceva, lit. `change') some authors are using it to describe similar systems occuring in other languages. Some examples of dialects of English Britain: Received Pronunciation (or RP), Yorkshire English, Estuary English, Scouse, Norfolk English, etc. Through various historical accidents RP came to be the most prestigious dialect. The USA: General American, North-Central, Midland, Greater New York City, etc. General American is the variety with the fewest obvious regional features, and is used especially in the media. Rick Aschmann has an excellent and detailed introduction to North American English dialectology. So in short, referring to a "form" of a language is a non-technical usage that could cover any variety, or grouping of varieties, of a language (ie dialects, idiolects, registers, genres, jargons, etc). But the term "dialect" is a technical term within linguistics. The structure and functions of the Georgian "versions" are described in "Steal Me an Apple: Version in Georgian". The PhD thesis by Tuite, (1998) "Kartvelian Morphosyntax" provides a description of versions (amongst many other things) across the Kartvelian languages generally. Answering this question requires defining "language" and "dialect". It's easier to do this by using the non-technical word "variety". The Georgian verb has a complex templatic structure which includes a slot that may optionally be occupied by one of a set of morphemes known (within Kartvelian studies) as "versions". These "versions" consist of a single vowel and serve primarily to indicate valence or grammatical voice. Their precise function and syntactic scope results from their interaction with the larger syntactic and semantic context within which they are used. On many verbs the version morphemes are merely agreement markers. In some cases their effect is lexically specific (ie idiosyncratic to that verb). It should be noted that other parts of the Georgian verb may also affect verb valency.