My understanding is that the Jewish position is similar and gentiles are not supposed to observe the Sabbath, and it is not part of the Noahide Laws. Responses to this query on Judaism.SE say that gentiles are forbidden to observe the Sabbath. They opened the gate and went to them ... the monkeys came to their (untransformed) family members and sniffed their clothes and started weeping. Quran 4:47 O you who were given the Scripture, believe in what We have sent down [to Muhammad], confirming that which is with you, before We obliterate faces and turn them toward their backs or curse them as We cursed the sabbath-breakers. And ever is the decree of Allah accomplished. Regarding the details of the argument [ "differed over it" ] which led to the prohibitions, it is narrated in tradition that the Bani Israel were offered Friday as their day of observance, but they argued over it and preferred Saturday, so Saturday was prescribed for them and they were deprived of Friday and that was given to the Muslims. They thought it permitted to catch fish on the Sabbath. ... One among them set a trap for the fish ... when the people saw that no calamity befell him the common people began to do it as well.Until fishing became common on the Sabbath, and fish was sold in the markets, and the rebellious ones made an announcement of hunting. 

[A group says] Moses related to them the command for Friday, and gave them news of its superiority over other days, but they argued and debated with him about the superiority of Saturday, so Allah commanded Moses: "Leave them and what they have chosen for themselves". 

There are different interpretations about the person and the knowledge, as detailed in Medi1Saif's answer here. 

The different interpretations about this knowledge is: Muhammad (ﷺ) was the first of our ummah and the first to submit to Allah's commands for this ummah, and as we say those who followed him were Khadijah, Ali, Abu Bakr, Zayed and so on. Yahya is likely a compound of the Hebrew Yahweh and Chaya or Haya (Ya-haya), its meaning akin to God gave life or God caused to exist. The following is from Tafsir Qurtubi: 

The religion of Islam has two facets: The beliefs and the shariah (laws and commands). 

Fakhruddin Razi writes in Tafsir al Kabir: The established madhab of the Sunnis is that a Muslim who dies on belief but has committed major sins, including murder, may be forgiven by Allah (for the disobedience to Allah, the violation of the victim's rights still needs to be settled on the day of JudgementSee Bukhari): 

Ibn Kathir also mentions the opinion of Saddi: 

This means a group among the Jews. The evidence of truth of this verse is that when the Jews in the time of the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) heard this they didn't object to it. 

He was a religious man from the Bani Israel, who Allah had endowed with kowledge and wisdom. He said: " [ to Solomon] You are the Prophet of Allah and the son of a Prophet of Allah. If you supplicate to Him then He will bring it". Solomon supplicated and the throne was brought to him. I am not aware of any narration that states that it was only prescribed for a sect among the Jews and that a part of them was exempt. The covenant seems to be from all 12 tribes in the time of Prophet Moses (p.b.u.h). Its true that most mainstream Christian denominations today and even in the past did not consider Mary to be divine ... but fringe sects have existed that believed that, see Collyridianism for an example. Some of these sects were present in the time of the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) and interacted with him and so God revealed verses of the Quran regarding their beliefs. Furthermore, in the strict Sunni view at-least, Catholic reverence for and prayer to Mary would fall under the definition of shirk. Bahr said: He was an angel and he had in his possession the Book of Decrees [so what is written it it happens]. Allah sent him down when the the Ifrit was talking to Solomon. It means sulfur or mineral coal like rocks that Allah has specially created for kindling the fire, as mentioned in some traditions from the companions: Say, [O Muhammad], "Indeed, I have been commanded to be the first who submits" The majority of the commentators have the opinion that the person who has knowledge of the book was Asif bin Bakiyar. He was a man from the Bani Israel. He was truthful and a guardian of the Isme Azam (Great name of Allah): When this name is used to invoke Allah, He responds. When this name is used to make a Dua it is fulfilled. Regarding the word "Be", its as explained: 

Mujahid said: He supplicated and used the words: O God and God of everything, O Lord of Majesty and Generosity.