The Canadian Prime Minister MacKenzie King, also offered to provide aid, but Churchill replied that: So, they could not have lived at the White House for more than 2 months (late August to late October). It was probably rather less. So, it appears that if the aircraft was being used commercially, the owner would be paid compensation for the loss of earnings. According to section 4(4) of the act, payments would be made at intervals of not less than one month. Presumably this meant they would be made monthly, quarterly, or at some other interval specified in the requisition papers. At night, the risk of detection by radar / ASDIC would remain, and there was also the increased risk of losing personnel overboard in all but the calmest seas. Providing lights on deck would have posed an unacceptable risk of detection as well as damaging the night-vision of crew on-watch. For instance, any officer who obeys the command of his lawful superior, is absolutely immune from subsequent punishment, Much therefore turns in the minds of French officers upon whether there is a direct, unbroken chain of lawful command, and this is held to be more important by many Frenchmen than moral, national or international considerations. From this point of view many Frenchmen who admire General de Gaulle and envy him in his role nevertheless regard him as a man who has rebelled against the French state ... Background to the Famine There were undoubtedly a number of factors that came together to cause the 1943 Bengall famine. Many of these are covered in some detail in the Wikipedia article on the subject. It is also extremely difficult, if not impossible, to assign a definitive starting date to the actual onset of the famine. This is particularly true since different districts in Bengal suffered the effects at different times and to varying degrees. The Government of India dated the onset of full-scale famine to May 1943. The risk of being identified as a collaborator probably deterred many who might otherwise have denounced their neighbours in return for a reward of food or money. When in 1944, the Secretary of State for India, Leo Amery, requested a further one million tons of grain to ease the ongoing famine, Churchill stated that: Britain had won the war. Together with the United States, the Soviet Union, and China, the UK was one of the "Four Powers". The British government and people still saw themselves as a major world power (many still do!). That world role involved maintaining large and expensive establishments around the globe. The economist John Maynard Keynes was appointed chief economic adviser to the new Labour government. He calculated the annual cost of those establishments at some £725 million, and observed: The speculation mentioned had arisen after the Japanese invasion of Burma in 1942 had cut off India’s main supply of rice imports. tl;dr No, he wasn't, although it might be argued that he might have done more, had he been blessed with the gift of 20/20 hindsight (like his modern critics). Immediately after the end of hostilities in the second world war, US forces in Australia transferred the bulk of their vehicles, ammunition, aircraft, facilities and weaponry to the Australian Military Forces, rather than ship it back to the United States or attempt to sell it on the global market. (Either of those options would have been a logistical nightmare for the US military!). The Canadian Prime Minister, MacKenzie King, also offered to provide aid, but Churchill replied that: I have had much hesitation in asking you to add to the great assistance you are giving us with shipping but a satisfactory situation in India is of such vital importance to the success of our joint plans against the Japanese that I am impelled to ask you to consider a special allocation of ships to carry wheat to India from Australia ... We have the wheat (in Australia) but we lack the ships. I have resisted for some time the Viceroy’s request that I should ask you for your help, but ... I am no longer justified in not asking for your help.