Just remember - we can't discuss things surrounding a specific user's suspension, as it's between us and that user. There might be exceptions, but those are called exceptional for a reason. 

If you don't feel comfortable applying the tag, and it should be applied, flag for it. 

Why would you suspend an account longer than a year? If this has happened, it's generally because a user was being very disruptive, was suspended, and created new accounts in order to continue throwing the chess pieces around the park rather than sit down and play chess like everyone else. With new systems to keep those people out rather quickly in place, we don't generally do this any longer, we'd much rather have moderators simply remove accounts that exist purely for negative reasons, or should never have existed in the first place. 

To answer your question directly, it would depend on what language you were working with and what communities existed outside of Stack Exchange to support beginners in the language. 

When you boil it down, we're really just unicorn yodelers. Use the tagging system - interesting tags in particular - to ensure you see the questions in the areas you know about, but also to see questions in areas you don't yet know about. Hmmm...well, I'm not sure, now, what 9 means. The Erdős Number is the distance between two (mathematical) authors; people with the value one have written a paper with Paul Erdős; people with a value 2 have do not qualify for the value 1 but have written a paper with someone who does qualify for value 1, and so on. 

If someone wants to invest effort in retagging each 808x tag into intel-808x, I'd support that, but I'm not planning to try it myself. 

As the topics drift further from your current areas of experience, they get harder to answer based on your current experience. If you know Java but don't know C, it will be hard for you to answer questions on C. This is reasonable; don't try to answer such questions. It's give and take. You get to give thanks (as is common courtesy) and you get to take the answers. If you do not like this, I suggest you find an alternative forum to obtain answers to your pressing questions. 

Status-Completed There are currently no questions tagged 8080. 

There are going to be other questions for which your experience is a less perfect fit, but for which you may well be able to give helpful pointers. Sometimes, researching an answer will give you valuable experience and knowledge - plus you can read the contributions of other people who know the answer. Again, you don't need a specific amount of experience to be able to answer such questions - you need an 'can do' attitude and willingness to do the research necessary to come up with the answer. Why would you suspend an account longer than a year? If this has happened, it's generally because a user was being very disruptive, was suspended, and created new accounts in order to continue throwing the chess pieces around the park rather than sit down and play chess like everyone else. With new systems to keep those people out rather quickly in place, we don't generally do this any longer, we'd much rather have moderators simply remove accounts that exist purely for negative reasons, or should never have existed in the first place. 

... then you are quite capable of asking a perfectly valid programming question, albeit basic. We don't (or at least should not) actively discourage questions that demonstrate a clear lack of skill, we actively discourage questions that demonstrate a clear lack of effort. What happens to users after they've been suspended for a year but the problem persists? This depends on the user. In most cases, we'd inform them that we feel it's in our mutual interest for them to just not return to the site, and remove their account. In other cases we might try issuing another suspension. As long as we can see hope for the user participating positively, we will do our best to work with them, and try really hard to not lose good contributors.