If one is both attentive to empirical scientific studies and to philosophical investigations of the limits of knowledge, then the only rational position is philosophical agnosticism plus pragmatic atheism. 

The reason there isn't a huge amount of philosophical criticism is that the answer is simple and well-understood: if your premises are false, your conclusions may be also even if your reasoning is valid. For less data-constrained sciences (e.g. ecology), it's less clear that theory-ladenness is not a grave practical as well as theoretical concern. 

So, in conclusion: while it is logically possible for evil demons to trick us, or for multiple models to give similar answers, in practice with radioisotope dating there are no competing models which make any sense at all, and tons of hypothesis-testing has been performed and the standard hypothesis has done really, really well. 

*I credit Kuhn rather than Popper because although Popper was concerned with theory-ladenness of observations, it was Kuhn's work in The Structure of Scientific Revolutions that really made it an essential aspect of the scientific process rather than a minor annoyance to circumvent. If you don't know about electromagnetism (or strong and weak nuclear forces), it's not entirely unreasonable to suggest that attractive forces are all gravitational, even if your hypothesis doesn't seem to account for magnets very well. Likewise, if you have no idea that a complex object can arise in any fashion other than creation by a human, postulating that everything was created by humans or human-like entities is not that unreasonable, even if that hypothesis also doesn't account for many things very well. On top of this theoretical result, there are oodles of connections between brain (the physical organ, composed mostly of neurons and glia) and mind (our subjective sense of self and mental capacity). Between drugs affecting consciousness, fMRI predicting our thoughts and choices before we are aware of them, various illusions that make sense given the properties of neurons thought to implement perception of that sense (e.g. vision), behavioral disorders correlated with damage in various brain regions, and so on, that our brains give rise to our minds is one of the best-supported scientific theories out there. We obviously can't test it directly, but the pile of incidental evidence is impressive. 

The answer, for a materialistic physical viewpoint, which is what is commonly assumed in the field, is no it does not exist (depending on what you mean by exist). You correctly identify that objects that have neither mass nor energy are actually not anything at all. (Edit: because, for example, for them to have any effect on anything they'd have to violate the laws of conservation of energy or momentum.) 

I suppose your two trends are broadly correct (not counting the reactionary atheists who had a really bad experience with some religion and almost seem to be disbelieving in God in order to punish him). 

However, within the natural sciences there is pretty good consensus that we are just (analog, noisy, non-deterministic (due to quantum mechanics)) computers. Of course there are a few people, mostly who aren't really in the right area of science to be familiar with all the relevant evidence, who cling to the idea of something special and non-computable about consciousness. But as far as I can tell, the entirety of scientific evidence comes down on the other side. We're big enough boys and girls now, technologically, that we can royally mess up our sandbox. Treating morality as self-centered interactions between individuals without considering our wider impact misses what is now a very important impact of humans on other humans. (To be determined: should that also fall under morality, or should there be a second set of rules? If a second set, how do you adjudicate when morality and conservation give different answers?) 

And here, of course we can do science on stuff that's already past because it doesn't matter why you failed to make the observation before. It doesn't need to have not happened; you just need to have not cheated by plugging the answer into the hypothesis before "testing" it. You could get new observations by making new things happen, or looking at consequences of what has happened previously. Doesn't matter at all, as long as it's honestly independent from the generation of the hypothesis.