Either way, Alice knew that when we did talk she needed to have an honest apology where she told me what she had done wrong (rather than the other way around) and had an idea about what she might do differently next time, or that she was coming to me because she was confused and honestly wanted to talk about how to make it better. Sometimes it takes an hour before she is ready to do this and sometimes 30 seconds. I have never set a timer for her because then instead of thinking about a solution to her behavior she's just thinking about when time will be up and she can leave her chair. 

Actually talking DURING discipline is usually counterproductive. Both of you are probably upset and for little ones they usually don't really hear you anyway. I usually use a time out with these words. "I am really frustrated about the choices you are making so we are going to have a time out until we are both ready to talk about it" She was then able to come back to me and we could have a discussion. If I was still feeling angry enough that I knew I couldn't listen to her either then I'd tell her I wasn't ready yet, but I'd try to be soon. 

This is basically an i-statement for little kids. It works wonders! After some time practicing this in your home. Let him use the props to remind him of the words. After he's comfortable with this part of it, introduce the next stage. 

This is why it is advantageous to only say the word "no" and use a stern voice when you really mean it. I save it for health & safety concerns, personally. 

"I know you would prefer mommy to read tonight, and it is daddy's turn and/or mommy is busy" (is there a specific schedule/routine to this?) 

So, if he is hitting people out of anger/frustration, you need to teach him how to communicate this emotion without hitting. I recommend "Bugs & Wishes": 

This teaches him how to express feelings of frustration/anger appropriately and gives him the words to actually do so (without just saying "use your words"). When he is frustrated at someone, prompt him and ask "Would you like to use bugs and wishes?" This is a tool he will be able to use for life! 

When he says no to something, just repeat back what he should have said: 

All that being said, make sure your house is baby/toddler-proofed as much as possible to prevent as much as possible. 

You can also try using something other than "no", like "uh-huh" or whatever is a noise you don't normally make for the non-safety/non-emergency scenarios. 

When somebody uses bugs and wishes, the options for response are: 

He's 3, he's learning to talk. Yes, it is annoying, but I would rather work on tone, than words at this point. He's not going to be able to make a compelling argument all the time, but his objections can have merit. I mean, what else does a 3 year old have control over? 

Thus, their room will be seen as a calming, personal and reflective space. I have created this "cool down couch" in my AfterSchool program of traumatized refugee kids with little self-regulatory skills and it worked wonders! These kids were not lacking in the punishment department, nobody had tried just connecting with them and teaching the missing skills! Same with my inner city middle school kids with huge gang influences. It's a wonder what some improved self-awareness can do for a kid! 

My inclination is to do what I can to encourage the kids to play at our place and insist my safety rules be followed even if she does visit the other's houses. When she is visiting elsewhere though, how do I politely (to the other parents, I don't really care about being polite on this front with my daughter) insist on things like checking in with me say - before lunchtime, at 2:30ish and before dinner or before switching houses as well as staying within view of my house - there is also a third friend they all like to go "visit." (both parents live within a few blocks from here, but are separated so the other kids go back and forth quite a bit - all houses in question are in view of each-other except the father's house.) 

Start with the SEVEN HABITS if you can only get one of these books now. MOST of them are old enough you should be able to get them from your public library in the US too.