I would suggest that anarchy (or even related approximations like ideal liberal democracy) is only going to be possible if you maintain access to some given height, that all of you can agree makes sense. Otherwise, given people will automatically have power given to them by accidents or parental choices that put them on the right track toward useful knowledge, even if you undermine the accumulation of power completely in other ways. 

The kind of distortions that appear when we test vision, for instance, show an inordinate level of confirmation bias: illusions of faces everywhere, color discernment that is impaired by unconscious assumptions about the nature of shadow, blatant failure to perceive things that impair meaning (e.g. extra interpolated words that make text less sensible), false perspective, etc. (These and some other examples: http://distractify.com/old-school/2015/02/22/mind-blowing-optical-illusions-1197825445) 

I do believe that it stretches the notion of materialism past its breaking point, but not realism, or even 'physicalism' to the degree that we make no presumptions upon what is and what is not physical without experimental evidence. The spirit of realistic reductivist monism remains, and we are not forced into accepting idealism by the fact that we treat mathematics as ideal. Exploiting ontological commitments Back in September 2006, Scott Aaronson wrote a famous blog post giving 10 

Often the things we can be pretty certain of are ontological commitments. One point of contention is how much ontological commitment is really there. Just because I can write down some things doesn't mean that I can write down an arbitrarily huge amount of things. Or maybe I can write them down, but I thereby might destroy things I wrote down earlier. For a completeness proof, we must show that for each unprovable formula, there exists a structure were the unprovable formula is false and all axioms are true. This structure must "exist" in a suitable sense, because what else could be meant by "completeness"? If only the structures that can be represented in a computer with 4GB memory would be said to "exist", then first order predicate logic would not be "complete" relative to this notion of "existence". I think you are intentionally misquoting the section about PAC learning of Aaronson's paper, in order to ask a question about that nicely written paper. Other computer scientists more explicitly raised questions "with regard to the main technical argument in a recent post by Scott" by asking 

What is the risk in presuming it is true, since we can never know anything about why it might be false? 

I think the evidence that dogs mourn the death of other dogs is pretty clear. They can become obsessive about the slowly disappearing scent, follow trails left by those dogs, make arrangements to allow for their comfort, etc. Rick Strassman emphasizes that dimethyltryptamine, the drug that immediately induces waking dreams, is naturally produced in the body, and we metabolize it in small quantities during ordinary waking life all the time. Its consumption is increased by tasks like 3D processing and guided visualization. 

Do bear in mind that some pain is positive, especially in cultures with things like initiation rituals and transformative models of adulthood or high values for independence and 'realism' (in the political sense, not the philosophical one -- the pain that tells me I worked hard yesterday has a positive value for 'martyred' Catholic men; the Scourge is a tool in older traditions of Wicca for invoking ecstatic states through pain; lying on a bed of nails is purifying and redemptive.) 

We end up with the notion that time and other basic forces can be significantly different, but in general they are just like we see them where we live. In the same way the homogeneity of density is Copernican, so is this notion of time and fields. It is about the familiar being general so that we don't imagine we are special again. One can admit that those things are potential steps in some abstract process and that any decision one makes about that process and the system that supports it as a whole must not contradict the idea of any one of them occurring. This means they "do not not-exist": one must not risk contradicting the assumption of their existence, or we will abandon our intuitive traction on the remaining reality.