and we revere it so, because it calmly disdains Its clear from Rilkes letters that his angels are not the ones known from Christian Angelology but Islamic which he had learnt from his studies of the Islamic civilisation of Al-Andalus; and in fact he echos the initiation of the Prophet Muhammed in the cave of Hira into prophecy - in the act of his composition and in the first lines of the elegy; the parallels with a hadith that Khadija (Muhammeds wife) narrates, and collected by Bukhari are striking: Possibly the aesthetic notion that can resolve these questions is the notion of the sublime. The sublime, as theorised by Edmund Burke in his A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful where he states the Beautiful is what is well-formed and aesthetically pleasing, whereas the Sublime is what has the power to compel and destroy us; In Aristotelian causal terms - the formal and material cause of Beauty is Love of Harmony, and for that of the Sublime is Fear of the Infinite; similar arguments are sustained by Kant in Observations of the feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime. In a sense, it is a principle or an axiom that Kant is stating, that can be critiqued as you are doing, but which one accepts to see where he is going in his overall argument. If we cannot say that the noumena at least exists, then should we retain it? That is does the word 'noumena' actually refer to something? Or must we say that noumena is indefinite in all its qualities including existence? Is this even a sensible thing to say? What does Kant say? Or his followers? First, he showed that causality is logically not possible, all one can maintain is that coincidences happen. Hence empirical physics is not possible. take me to its heart, I would vanish into its Additionally, in his Physics he argues that material change is accidental, it is varying form - there is an underlying substance (that must be thought together with form). Today we would call that matter-energy. The categories derive from Aristotles as a way of categorising the things that are; they're part of his onto-logic. Rilke, the German poet, whilst staying at Duino castle near Trieste on the Adriatic sea heard the first words of what he later called the Duino Elegies whilst walking on the cliffs . They are both lament & lyric. The first begins: Of course, this would mean that Kant would have had an indirect influence on Einsteins SR and GR - given their use of such geometries. Rilke is equating Beauty and terror; how can such an equation work? For Plato Beauty & the Good were identical; or at least different modes of each other. Is Rilke claiming that the Good is terrifying? It's worth noting here the parallel denial of neccessity by Gauss in a letter written to Olbers in 1816, and referenced by Bardi: Can the Russelian campaign be seen as an attempt to refound mathematics analytically - that is solely on the laws of logic - by excluding the synthetic excess and retaining an analytic core? Originally they were described by Aristotle but were seen as natural and not as Kant saw them as pure concepts of the understanding. to destroy us. Every Angel is terror. It is for this reason that Camus is usually taken as an Existentialist - though he himself repudiated the label; one need only recall, for example that his university dissertation was on St Augustine or his affinity to Simone Weil, a Christian/Jewish Mystic (and so exemplary in her suffering as to cause Susan Sontag to look away) to realise the simplicity of such judgements. This is just using language as it should be; and one should expect good philosophers being good users of language to be sensitive to their meanings and use-value; so that it discloses meaning even in unfamiliar contexts or usages - but one may need to pay attention, so that the meaning shines forth. Similarly, by Spinozas time, the definition of 'cause of itself' was accepted by philosophers & theologians; it already summarises a long & distinguished tradition. (I suspect he is referring to Averroes rejection of Avicenna who places essence as prior to existence, he instead follows Aristotle in claiming that for primary substances essence & existence are equivalent. That this trajectory had further momentum is shown by Sartres slogan for Existentialism- existence precedes essence). After reflecting on this, I can only suppose Kant uses existence in several ways. Existence as a pure form of intuition allows him to assert the existence of tables and chair etc. We have direct epistemic & perceptual access to this. Existence as applied to noumena is of a different kind. We know that it is not perceptual or conceptual. All we can say about what existence means here (and this is an assertion) is that it the noumena didn't exist then neither would phenomena. If we think of existence as a predicate in logic (which I know is controversial), it needs to be typed logic, so we can distinguish between the two senses. We could, alternatively call it transcendental existence - I don't know whether this matches with Kants terminology of transcendentally.