I see two major problems with migration today: that the target site doesn't get to decide, and that votes are migrated with the posts. Your proposal doesn't solve either problem. If you're so set against migration, remove the feature altogether. Do not merge “obsolete” with “too chatty”. Migrating votes with posts is in itself a problem, not a symptom. It's also only loosely correllated with the age of the question, in that older posts have had more time to accrete votes. Speaking as a moderator: oh please no! I disagree with your assessment of the situation. I think you have a 10000-foot vision of migration that's very different from practice. I don't think this proposal is actively harmful to a large extent, but it is completely useless. That was with a visible link to the meta site in the top bar. Now the meta site is a lot less discoverable. You have to find it in a menu, rather drowned in the list of all hundred-odd Stack Exchange sites. 

I would prefer to keep the 4 existing comment flags: Conflating obsolete and too-chatty also makes future evolution harder. The best person to determine whether a comment is obsolete is its author; I hope that one day comment authors will get a chance to review obsolete flags on their comments. This does not hold for too-chatty flags, because many commenters believe that their comments are oh so important and totally not off-topic and they won't stand for the censorship of moving comments to chat. 

There's already a way to do this: 

If they didn't get a bright orange bar multicollider notification, they wouldn't even notice. And how is a migration a worse experience than outright deletion anyway? Determine whether the flag is warranted. 

The disappearance of the suggested edit indicator is the only change that I can think of to explain this significant increase. 

An obsolete comment is a completely different problem from a comment that is too chatty. As a moderator who feels that I'm spending too much time on comment flags, I really, really dislike that you're proposing that I spend even more time by puzzling out reason for the flag instead of having it in the flag text. Please do not make moderator's life harder. Moderators reviewing comment flags need to determine what action to take. This involves two steps: Another reason to bring back the suggested edit indicator is that on smaller sites (i.e. not on SO), the suggested edit indicator is often 0. So a lot of people with the requisite privilege don't keep checking the review queue, they wait for the indicator to appear. Without the indicator, suggested edit reviews will be significantly delayed. When I go to delete a tag synonym (clicking on the ⊗ button, which I believe is a ♦-only tool), a popup asks me whether I want to “Really delete this synonym?” Since the tag names are in the far left of the window and the remove button is on the far right, it's pretty hard to be sure that I'm deleting the right synonym. This should really be mentioned in the confirmation popup. On the flip side, I don't see a major harm caused by this change: old posts that should have been migrated can just be left to die on the source side, as they would be if there was no SE site where they're on-topic. Hopefully the deletion will wait until after someone's reposted the question on the site where it's on-topic and all worthwhile answers have been reproduced as well. Preservationists are going to complain, but as long as you field these complaints, it's your problem. What I'm more concerned about is that it's yet another rule that moderators will have to explain to users when they flag for a migration of old questions. 

I'm not convinced that this is really on the critical path, but ok. A lot of Stack Exchange sites suffer from a lack of community participation on meta. Huh, why would I ever protect a question? What's the point? <Asks on meta or in chat> 

By all means, do add guidance to the dialog. 

This is not good. Suggested edit review is not like other review tasks which can wait until somebody's interested in doing moderation. A pending suggested edit on a post locks the post against modifications by users without the edit privilege. Without the indicator, posts will spend longer in that semi-locked state. (If your regular hangouts are limited to SO and MSO, you probably won't understand this post. This is all about the people who have no idea what SO and MSO are.) 

Create a sockpuppet account. Gain 15 reputation (50 for closure). Profit Flag the offending post as very low quality (or to close it). That's an argument in favor of your request. When creating a sockpuppet is the most straightforward to solve a problem, something's wrong. If step 3 is “profit”, what's wrong is that you shouldn't do it. But here it's for the benefit of the site, so a better collective workflow is desirable.