The means of communication of scientific ideas before 17th century were books, private letters, lectures and public disputations. (There was no scientific societies before 17th century). By the way, many important scientific discoveries did not come from the universities at that time. For example, Fibonacci was not associated with any university. You should be more specific about what you mean by science in the Middle Age. Almost no science existed in Europe before the Renaissance. So when we speak of Medieval science we should be discussing Muslim world first of all. It is possible that the distillation process was invented independently in several places. Recently I saw a movie about an African tribe, essentially untouched by civilization which practices this process. It is unclear from the movie whether it was adopted from some more advanced culture or it was an indigenous invention. This anecdote is from Walter Scott's novel Quentin Durward. The king is Louis XI. The guy who predicts the future is Martius (Marti) Galeotti, Italian astrologist. The guard who is supposed to kill him at the exit of king's chamber is Oliver, barber and servant of Louis. Distillation of alcohol was known since the late antiquity, at least. (Invention sometimes credited to Mary the Jewess, considered by some the inventor of alchemy, 3-d century AD, but Aristoteles already knew the principle). It was practiced in the Eastern Roman empire and then by the Arabs, and penetrated back to Western Europe from the Muslims, as other achievements of ancient science. Originally the product was not a common beverage, but a substance which (al)chemists and later medics used. Gradually it was realized that this medicine not only helps ill people, but to healthy people as well. The earliest beverage was called Aqua Vita, and it spread in the West in 13th century from Italy. There were attempts to ban it, for example, in Muscovy. 1,346 AD: About 9 million in Spain, most in either the northern or southern thirds of the peninsula (all but the small Emirate of Granada was in Christian hands). About 4 million in Egypt and another 5 in the rest of North Africa. About 70 Million in the rest of Europe (mostly in areas from Poland and Serbia westwards). The Black Death broke out this year, so this is the highest the population ever got during the entire Middle Ages. The First Crusade was in 1096-1099, and was promoted by Pope Urban II in 1095. That's nearly two centuries earlier. Also that area was pretty much the wool-production capitol of Europe. So the material would have been much more plentiful (and cheap) than it would be most other places. Most Scottish nobles could probably skim it for free from their own estates. Due to its etymology, most likely the term "England" initially only referred to kingdoms (lands) run by Old-English speakers. In a way, this is still the proper usage, since technically England is a country (separate from Scotland and Wales), and the island is Britain. In addition to what Courtny found, I discovered that the equivalent English light cav were the Currours. Its tough to find good info about them, but apparently they (like most light cav of the era) were chiefly used for scouting, skirmishing, and (based on the etymology of the word) courier duties. They were also used in the Scottish borderlands. England is not exactly famous for its sunny climate, and average temperatures there even in the summer appear to be a few degrees cooler than in Poland (where you are performing this re-enactment?). Where I come from in the middle of the Continental USA, it would be considered downright cold. We regularly have days a good 40 or 50 degrees F hotter. 1136 - Geoffrey of Monmouth's The History of the Kings of Britian, nowdays considered more of a work of literature than history, depicts Arthur as a king ruling an empire covering France, the British Isles, and Iceland. Guinevere and Avalon make appearances here. 1160-1180 - Chrétien de Troyes, A french poet and story-teller working in France takes up the story of Arthur, adds in such staples as Lancelot and The Holy Grail quest (and of course the love triangle with Guinevere), and kicked off a whole new genre of literature, the Artherian Romance. Back when I was a kid, many historians took some of the latter histories at face value. Nowdays it looks like there are two camps: those who think that there probably was some kind of historial Celtic cheiftan Arthur fighting at Mount Badon against the Saxons, but most of the rest is probably made up, and those who feel the whole shebang was made up. - William the Conqueror made 200,000 times the wage of a day laborer. So here it is the Mamluks in general that are being accused of fleeing before the Mongols, which they did as the Mongols approached Damascus: So we have an estimate of roughly £400,000 for an income for William the Conqueror. Also, chickens do begin laying eggs more prolifically in the spring, with the increased amount of daylight, and cows are mentioned in the first source as starting to produce their full amount of milk in May, due to better forage. This would support the lectures contention of an increase in these food supplies in spring. I would say the cattle of the middle ages were definitely smaller than modern varieties. A value for Soay sheep wool production today can be found here, to give us some comparison by size: A quick look at the list of wealthy individuals from the middle ages, gives us William the Conqueror for someone most of us are familiar with. The wiki list is a bit vague on dollar amounts, so a little more research leads us to another article here which has this to say: