Each topos has an associated internal language, this is intuitionistic rather than classical (so the law of the excluded middle doesn't hold), and higher-order. This holds because each topos is a heyting category, which means that its poset of subobjects for any object is a heyting algebra. (Note while classical propositional logic is modelled algebraically as a boolean algebra, intuitionistic propositional logic is modelled by a Heyting algebra). Its higher order because each topos has exponentiation, and this translates via its internal language that predicates of predicates (and so on) are available. These are easily seen to be satisfied by the usual notion of equality. The last two properties are so self-evident to Euclid that he doesn't mention them. But it is in fact useful to do so. The property that Euclid mentions is the following reflexivity (it is always true that x=x for any x) I suspect not, simply because we have no formal means of creating a set - and so we cannot even take the first step to define cardinality. All this, I think, takes it for granted that properties cohere in some substrate or substance - this is a commitment to a specific ontology; we may choose something else; the obvious choice being a world where all that there is are bundles of properties, and no substrate or substance to which to hang them on; there, existence is also a property - a property which all existing entities have. Some believe that the question itself is logically flawed. Although "childish loophole" may not be the appropriate term, this is indeed an illogical product of the English language. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy has an extensive article on category theory and its philosophical implications. On the significance of the theory, it says that: The common argument at this point (very similar to, if not the same as, stoicfury's answer) is something along the lines of: And it also mentions that "category theory allowed for the development of methods that have changed and continue to change the face of mathematics." Thus, it's apparent that category theory is relevant to and has implications for both mathematics and philosophy, and is not just semantic. From the perspective of mathematics, category theory is very significant because "doing mathematics in a categorical framework is almost always radically different from doing it in a set-theoretical framework." These are only examples that begin to answer your questions; there is far too much in the (excellent) article to put here, but reading it should complete the answers well. Thus, something omnipotent (and only omnipotent as a premise) should be able to destroy itself, because it has the power to do so, and would not cause any logical paradoxes in doing so. This still has the issue however of the "drunk" stipulation on the right. Again, there's no obvious analog on the left, and again there's an illegitimate implication (that all gun deaths are results of the same type of flagrant misuse of guns as drunk driving is a flagrant misuse of a car). This is one of the basic syllogism forms (Celarent / EAE-1). If the team argues that Peter should be blamed because his decisions made them worse off than they would otherwise have been, then their argument is bad because it is based on a factually incorrect premise, not because it is structurally flawed. When I was young I really enjoyed the books of logician Raymond Smullyan, who wrote several books of logic puzzles held together with minimal but amusing narratives, including The Lady or the Tiger? and To Mock a Mockingbird. Lewis Carroll himself wrote a similar book called A Tangled Tale (but it can be a bit rough going for a modern reader). There's also the justly famed Godel, Escher, Bach which might appeal to a young reader of the right temperament. Flatland is more math than philosophy, but still food for thought. Likewise, The Phantom Tollbooth introduces advanced concepts in mathematical philosophy within the context of a thoroughly entertaining children's novel.