https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stackexchange.marvin A huge thank you to those people who have already helped us find amazing new ways to crash the app. We continue to welcome your feedback. Here's how it will look - you may have to first click "Show more login options …" on the login page. 

UPDATE: We are LIVE - now in public beta. You can download the app here: We will not disable MyOpenId but we will soon be demoting them from the list of large top level login methods available on the login page. Due to the many issues we have seen with myopenid.com we no longer can recommend them as your primary login provider. If you currently have a myOpenId account we would highly recommend adding another login method using StackExchange, Google, or Facebook. There are some helpful instructions on our blog on how to do this here: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/01/we-now-support-multiple-openids/ Voting for comments has been disabled during the nomination phase for now. We want to make sure that we are at consistent when it comes to elections. There are three types of flag statuses: Disputed basically means neither happened. A mod never actually looked at the flag and declined it, but the action you suggested wasn't taken in response to the flag either. This can happen in any number of cases; certain flags are marked disputed when the post is edited; non-moderator users can choose not to act on a flag (either through the 10k tools page (which has since been removed) or through certain review queues) which disputes a flag, etc. In theory it's possible that someone who answered two of your questions (which you marked as the accepted answer) deleted their account, but I see you currently have no questions that don't have accepted answers, so that couldn't be the case here. Declined flags will "count against you", but disputed flags won't; it's more like you never submitted them in the first place. In generally I'd say don't be too too concerned. By all means look through your flags periodically; if you see declined flags then a trusted site moderator specifically felt that your flag was wrong, so you should consider reforming something. While a disputed flag might mean that you're not suggesting the proper action, it also might not. By all means look into it, but if you can see that you did the right thing (i.e. the post was later closed/deleted) then you know you're fine and move on. You probably edited two of a user's posts (when you had less than 2000 rep, so requiring a review) and when their account was deleted, the edited post was deleted, thus reversing the rep gain. Flag statuses are primarily just a form of feedback to you. So long as you know how to properly respond to similar instances in the future, everything is fine. If you have a particularly huge percentage of declined flags then you may enter the field of "flag abuse", resulting in some sort of consequences, but you'll almost never unintentionally get there. Beyond this feedback, the number isn't really used anywhere. Declined means that a mod specifically declined the flag. Note that any flag marked as "other" will be seen by a moderator, and no actions taken by any user will ever automatically resolve the flag, as such "other" flags cannot be marked as "disputed". 

Helpful Declined Disputed Helpful means a mod specifically marked the flag as helpful, or the action that you were suggesting through a flag was taken by the community. tl;dr: no, a flag's status will never change once it has been set. While having declined flags is bad, having disputed flags is...less so. They're certainly not something to be as concerned about, because it usually means someone wasn't specifically evaluating your flag, but rather performing some related action that rendered your flag "moot" in some way. 

In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted. Probably not for me. I think I spent about the same amount of time here, I just spent it differently. Marc might answer differently, since he managed to maintain his position on the leader board and perform his duties as moderator. 

You need to show that you can contribute something back to the community if you want to continue using Stack Overflow. Start improving your posts in order to get some upvotes and you'll unlock your ability to ask questions again. Note: see comments. Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. To address your questions directly: 

That means that 6 of your previous flags were deemed helpful to moderators. You don't flag things as helpful yourself, you flag things that need moderator's attention. The helpful/unhelpful designation is how moderators give you feedback on the quality of your flags. You have pages and pages and pages of deleted posts, many of which have been downvoted. Those downvotes count against you. You also have a history of asking the exact same question several times an hour apart until you get an answer. This is blatant abuse of the system. 

I received some free stickers and a free t-shirt out of the deal. Oh, and Jeff occasionally returned my emails. The Stack Overflow related ones. He still ignored the random ones. :( 

But in the future, please only post in the "Your Answer" section when you have an actual answer to the question being asked.