However, the two are ultimately incommensurate. There is no legal value to a motto; regardless what the motto says it does not really tell you anything authoritative about how the government functions. What it does do is provide a symbol which tells you something about the culture that produced it. I'm no expert in English political culture, but this looks like a fairly normal case of preserving an antiquated symbol to keep a tie to the past. 

The two interact in some ways. Institutions make use of symbols to communicate. Sometimes institutions formalize symbols (for example, by adopting the design of a crest or flag). 

Finally, an agency in most cases must spend it's entire budget in a year [ also Young, 2006]. If an agency were to cut positions and save money, it would have a lower budget next year. This is also different from private firms: there is a disincentive to cut overall costs. 

Kernaghan and Gunraj (2004) discuss one particular way this occurs: increased efficiency due to technology also drives staff specialization. Agencies may retrain staff to allow them to specialize rather than fire them. 

The UK has also ruled out joining the customs union or the EEA. Reason (4) is the ultimate problem. It is the reason that pornography is banned in the workplace and the reason that Mr Green had to deny something. If he had been looking at images of (for example) cars nobody would have commented, nobody gets sacked for looking at cars and so nobody would need to deny anything. The meaning of "aligned" is unclear. There were snap elections in 1923, 1931, 1951, 1955, 1966, two in 1974, but none since then. Unless the UK and EU decide to delay, the UK will leave the EU on the 29th of March. An agreement, at least on the transitional arrangements, needs to be in place well in advance of this. 

Therefore, permanent members of the Security Council have a veto over their own expulsion. However the British Government is deeply involved. The government has to provide export licences, so the Saudi Government negotiates with the BAE (who say what they can make and at what price) and with the British Government (who decide what can and cannot be exported). These negotiations have a combination of business and politics. 

However, the two are ultimately incommensurate. There is no legal value to a motto; regardless what the motto says it does not really tell you anything authoritative about how the government functions. What it does do is provide a symbol which tells you something about the culture that produced it. I'm no expert in English political culture, but this looks like a fairly normal case of preserving an antiquated symbol to keep a tie to the past. Kernaghan and Gunraj (2004) discuss one particular way this occurs: increased efficiency due to technology also drives staff specialization. Agencies may retrain staff to allow them to specialize rather than fire them. The two interact in some ways. Institutions make use of symbols to communicate. Sometimes institutions formalize symbols (for example, by adopting the design of a crest or flag). 

Take a step back: why should new technology require fewer staff? If technology make staff more efficient, do you fire the (now extra) staff or move them to some other kinds of tasks? 

There were snap elections in 1923, 1931, 1951, 1955, 1966, two in 1974, but none since then. The meaning of "aligned" is unclear. 

Unless the UK and EU decide to delay, the UK will leave the EU on the 29th of March. An agreement, at least on the transitional arrangements, needs to be in place well in advance of this. The final decider of what is constitutional is the question of who can defend their position by force. If a monarch has sufficient support, especially in the armed forces then they don't need to agree to anything. Extremely odd question! I wonder what provoked it. There would be a lot of loose ends. For example, would an elected President take the role of the Monarch? This would be a simple arrangement, as the various reserve powers of the Crown could be passed to the President. If there is to be no replacement then things like the oath of loyalty that soldiers swear would have to be changed.