Should you take a break from writing? 

You can see how the character is much more involved in the fight, while all the moves are still related. 

He pulled the trigger. The X-rays were invisible of course, but he saw the warbot stagger, and lurch sideways as the weapon did its work. Frank could feel a tingling on his skin and knew the radiation from the gun was washing over him. But it didn't matter. Out of their merry little club of epic-fail GMOs, he was the only one who happened to be radiotrophic. 

"They're after us," they cried as they ran away. 

I believe the scene you are referring to in the Dark Knight is where Batman 'interrogates' the Joker, and, upon realizing Dent and Rachel are both gone, yells 'where are they?' 

You can also usually get away with a very brief amount of telling. For example, you could say, "early in the morning," or, "a few minutes later," or, "around dinner time." 

Question: The hero's strength in this book is his perseverance: the fact that he doesn't give up. How can I essentially have him lose his strength, the thing that makes the reader want him to win, half way through the book, and still keep the reader? 

Key Assumption: I believe that not every story lends itself to this 'cult status'. 

Now if your writing is truly just an enjoyable hobby, then my only advice to you is this: relax. Don't worry about your writing being on 'par'. Don't grade your writing. If you write for fun, that's all that matters: writing. Write what you want, when you feel like it. 

Here's the break. While the protagonist is out, the guard gets everyone out of the cell and lines them up for inspection by an individual. None of that is related. The protagonist wakes up during the inspection, at the first point things can be shown again. How she got there is eventually revealed a paragraph or two later, by the guard simply stating that they are being inspected. That's all the reader really needs to know. 

Her look was enough to tell him what he needed to know. 

These are both prepositional phrases. Number 1 should be included. Number 2 does not have to be. Below I explain why. 

Raaisel blinked as my words struck him, actually taking a small step away from me. 

The more detailed answer is below: 

The combat trap is essentially where an author will lapse into relating all the moves of the fight. You see this a lot where the fight is supposed to be fancy, with a lot of 'moves' involved, but it applies to any fight. 

Reading is very important, but it can be done at virtually any time. Writing cannot. Writing comes and goes as it pleases. Writing doesn't care about your schedule, or your sleep patterns for that matter. You should not be trying to fit writing into your schedule. You should be trying to fit your schedule around your writing. If you're serious about writing, that is. 

He was off-balance; any block he tried would be weak, so he simply dropped to the ground. Bob landed on top of him, but he was already squirming to the side. Bob tried wrapping his arms around his neck, but he wormed his own arms under Bob's, breaking the choke. 

Writing is, at its core, a creative process (especially where fiction is concerned). You can't force creativity. Or at least you shouldn't. If you try to force your writing, your writing will be... well, forced. 

My latest endeavor, a very short story, has run into a small problem: I seem to be lacking act 2. Maybe not that small. Things literally jump from character/stakes development to the climax. As far as I can tell, all of the development I need is there. There's just no middle of the story. It would therefore appear that I need to look into the three act structure a bit more closely. 

The word whisper brings the mental tone way down, but the sentence keeps going. 'Shout' and 'earthquake' bring the volume up slightly, and 'panic' is far enough after 'whisper' to bring it up to the level you want. 'Guilt' adds a hint of emotion contradictory to 'panic,' giving the whole line a taste that can't quite be defined, but is still understood by the reader. 

Whatever you do, do not fight this. If your interest in your writing is up, and you feel like it's been sub-par lately, the last thing you need to do is quash the urge to write when you have it.