Law 12, regarding Fouls and Misconduct, can be found starting on Page 36 of the document linked below. I won't recap the full text of it (it's about 4 pages long), but the highlights are basically that a foul (in the run of play) consists of any of the following, if the referee considers it to be careless, reckless or using excessive force: However, there's nothing that restricts players to certain areas of the field based on their formation. You'll almost always see one or more midfielders help out on attacks, but you will sometimes see defenders come up to help as well. Defenders can be playing higher than midfielders (or even forwards) for a time, though they will usually return to the backfield - not because the rules say they have to but because in a formation it's good to be where you're supposed to be so your teammates can be where they're supposed to be. Lastly, I believe that coaches sometimes will mention the formation they're using when announcing the starting line-up. This is not required, though. Yes, since formations aren't mentioned at all in the rules, they can be adjusted. Sometimes when making a substitution, a coach will sub in a defender for an attacker/midfielder if the team is ahead and wants to protect their lead. The opposite can happen too. But it all depends on the situation of the game. Again, it all depends on the layout of the game. I'd say the most likely time when a formation change would happen is probably halftime, so the coach can discuss the new strategy in depth with the players, but it could happen at any point. EDIT: I've known people to ask about the formation that the sportscasters usually announce before the game, so here are some notes on that. I do not have citations for these, they're just what I believe to be true. Short answer: Yes. Getting the ball first has no relation (in the rules) to whether it's a foul or not. Formations are all about strategy. If the team is playing an attacking strategy, they will play more players up - formations like 4-3-3 or 4-5-1. A more defensive formation would be something like 5-3-2 or 4-1-4-1. These would put more players in the backfield. Serious foul play is a sending-off (i.e. red card) offence. One note is that amateur leagues will play by mostly FIFA rules, but with some significant modifications. In some, slide tackles are not allowed at all. In others, two-legged tackles may be illegal. As pointed out in the comments, these are likely not true association football, as these are not standard rule modifications allowed by FIFA (without prior approval). However, many of these leagues are non-competitive anyway.