Twitch - After de-stealthing from his Ambush ability, Twitch has a nice attack speed buff. This, combined with the critical strike chance and increased critical strike damage from Infinity Edge, makes Twitch dangerous. While Infinity Edge is usually purchased after boots and sometimes a survivability item like Wriggle's Lantern, it should be incorporated into most Twitch builds. 

The way Auras work is HAVING the item gives you the bonus and then you can get the AURA bonus from a nearby ally. (Having 2 Runic Bulwark on a team gives both of the holders the Aura effect twice but each of their teammates receive only 1 instance of the Aura). Having the Captain Enchantment on your boots and then an ally having Captain on their boots won't give either one of the champions 2 Captain Bonuses since the bonus only applies to allied champions moving toward the holder. 

The answer to this question could be very long and complicated as "leading" involves keeping track of a great many thing all of which are detailed in themselves. Lets start with the basics each of which can be expanded and may be scenario specific. So yes, assuming both shields are entirely depleted, a shield on a 200 armor Malphite will last longer than a shield on a 90 armour ADC. 

The Passive from Captain boots does not stack; walking toward two allies with Captain-enchanted boots will not provide any bonus greater than if you were walking toward one ally: Noticeably, since MR Reduction (also known as MR shred) actually reduces an enemy's Magic Resistance, an MR shred item will benefit anyone on your team who deals Magic damage. Magic Penetration, on the other hand, will benefit only yourself. Aatrox's passive is Blood Well. It's a revival passive, much like Anivia's. It has a 225 second cooldown. Whenever Aatrox expends HP by casting a spell, it gets added to his secondary bar, which is also named his Blood Well. 

If his Blood Well is active (i.e. not on cooldown; it will be red) and he "dies", he will heal based on how much he has stored in his Blood Well. This isn't temporary health though; it's a heal. I am not sure if this is affected by ignite; that probably should be tested. I also am not sure if it will drop buffs and debuffs, though if it's like Anivia's passive, it will only drop buffs. Through some rudimentary testing, Barrier (as expected) also takes armor and magic resist into account. Mana-based champions expend Mana, a secondary bar, to cast spells. Mana can be increased by various items, runes, and masteries. Mana regeneration may also be increased. Mana-based champions have a base amount of total Mana and Mana regeneration, and they tend to gain more total Mana with levels. Flat Magic Penetration vs. Percentage Magic Penetration It's also important to note the difference between Flat Magic Penetration and Percentage Magic Penetration (as well as Flat Magic Resist Reduction and Percentage Magic Resist Reduction). 

Note that in Premade, the pick order is still determined by individual Premade MMR and not the MMR of the team. This should work for almost any given mana'd champion with any given rune/mastery set. Here is a link to this build on Anivia (my main) for 1166 AP 

Your goal here is to sustain in lane as long as possible, collecting last hits when you can, and avoiding death and damage onto your tower. Don't waste time harassing champions, unless you can do it without taking any damage, or missing any minions. 

To achieve maximal damage, we'll need to consider the shots fired cap of 34. Given a base speed of .638, and a formula of 7.5+10.5*AS=shots, we'll need a 395% bonus to reach the cap. Lucian gains 3.3% AS a level, so after 17 levels, he's earned 56% AS. Using the Fury and Frenzy Masteries, he earns another 14%, so he's at 70% before we have to make any real choices, leaving 325% to find. 

My interpretation is that this remaining 210% Attack Speed is most efficiently bridged with 2 Runaan's Hurricanes, a Guinsoo's Rageblade, and 18% Attack Speed from runes. This leaves 310 Attack Damage from a Sword of the Occult and two Bloodthirsters. Don't get me wrong, you're still going to lose the lane, you'll just hopefully lose it slower than your opponent loses their single lane. 

Now that we have an understanding of the item in question lets look at the different types of R-DPS champions (Cr Type Sort and find R-DPS). For your convenience the same champions are listed here: Ashe, Caitlyn, Corki, Ezreal, Graves, Kog'Maw, Miss Fortune, Sivir, Teemo, Tristana, Twisted Fate, Twitch, Urgot and Vayne. 

Vayne - Vayne can pick up an Infinity Edge as one of her first major purchases but it does not necessarily need to be rushed. Vayne's Silver Bolts deal damage based on the maximum health of the target and her innate ability (Night Hunter) gives her a move speed buff so long as she is moving toward an enemy she can see. What Vayne is lacking early in the game is an escape. Picking up a Zeal and boots early on will allow you to close, get additional procs of you Silver Bolts ability and escape with the added movement speed if necessary. Tumble can dodge some abilities and Condemn can stun enemies if they are foolish enough to stand next to walls but it is better to assume that your enemies will do what will cause you the most harm and account for your ability use. Twitch - After de-stealthing from his Ambush ability, Twitch has a nice attack speed buff. This, combined with the critical strike chance and increased critical strike damage from Infinity Edge, makes Twitch dangerous. While Infinity Edge is usually purchased after boots and sometimes a survivability item like Wriggle's Lantern, it should be incorporated into most Twitch builds.