It doesn't bring any rationality to the issue if the child doesn't understand or if he is getting mixed messages. If the child does not understand, then being mad, yelling and spanking are all ways of saying, "I do this because I am bigger and stronger than you." 

In our classroom, we used redirection, choosing language, token systems and timeout. 

I think this is a normal part of child development, and one we as parents often try to redirect to other pursuits. If the other child is unhappy about it, that is a different concern. We need to give our children some understanding and include explaining about privacy, and when to tell mum and dad or how to react if they do feel uncomfortable. I think that parents cannot be told what they should do, but researching it and coming to your own informed conclusions is a good idea. It happens earlier than we think it does! 

In a 'nutshell', the parent changes the subject and redirects the child's attention to another activity when possible. When it is not possible, redirection is a positive way to interact and help the child accomplish or act in the desired way. There are no idle threats or extra words added. We do not add that "You could break your leg/hurt your friend." It is possible to talk about those worries at other times, but not in the moment. The use of kitchen timers really works with children -- they know the activity or toy time ends when the bell rings. You can set them for a short enough time that each child that wants 'that' item can have a turn. 

Put a list on the fridge and expect those chores to be done -- but homework, brushing teeth -- clean clothes are on him. You do not ever remind him about the 'normal' stuff. If he smells, it is fair to tell him he does. Do not tell him to bathe or put on clean clothes -- but sure, if he stinks, he might find friends and family are not going to sit near him. 

(I am quoting my own material.) You expand the use of choices to other areas. "I am sorry that you chose to break your toy*." The consequence is that now that toy is broken and must be used that way (if it is safe) or they do not have it. This means the consequence is natural and you never need to be angry. *This is simply what happens when a toy is intentionally broken. If I was granted permission to speak, I get the two of us a drink and sit down and ask him if he knew that he had hurt my feelings? This question should not be a challenge and would be said without anger, just a straightforward, kindly-worded inquiry. If he doesn't know, then I'd explain it. 10 books on skin colour for children. This is a list of English books, but I am sure these sort of stories are available in most languages. Bottom line -- quit arguing. Let him make his own choices and then face the natural consequences for his actions. Then use the Choosing Language. "Which shirt do you want, the red or the blue?" When the child selects by pointing or even a word you respond, "You chose the red shirt. Good for you." This teaches that their choice was good, that this shirt is the red one and it teaches them/reinforces the choosing words. You decide how much TV your child watches per day. If you allow an hour -- then make 3 green tokens and 3 red tokens. This show uses red tokens, that show uses green. You are the parent and you do control this aspect of your child's life. In my opinion as a parent and social worker/family therapist and retired teacher -- discipline is one of the most important gifts/tools we give children. It is a constant message that we love and care about our children. If your son is not late for school inspite of taking a long time to dress, ignore it. You should never punish a child for using a diaper -- it can lead to disastrous messes -- but you can let her sit in her soiled diaper for an hour. I would bet the farm it will happen 1-3 times before she figures out that you will clean her up afterwards and you won't be mad (seriously do not let her know if you are mad) and that sitting in a soiled diaper is smelly and unpleasant. She will choose on her own to be clean. There are many computer games that teach these skills. The computer never gets frustrated and simply doesn't allow for the student to reach the next level until they've understood and accomplished the level they are on.