But keep in mind that some of the states which are considered red, blue or flip-states today weren't always that way. The political orientation of states can change over the course of several decades. But unless the current minority keeps voting for their party this is not going to happen. While a slight improvement of the vote-percentage of your party will not make any difference in the current election, it sets a signal for future elections that your state drifts further into the direction of political middle-ground and might become more relevant in future elections. If the Trump administration can somehow finance the construction, there might still be some minor local problems to solve. For example there are some environmental concerns. Improved border fortification doesn't just prevent people from migrating but also blocks the natural migration paths for animals. Environmental protection groups might go to court over this. Also, the building plans might interfere with local property rights. The US government can't just build fortifications on land owned by private people. When the owner doesn't want to sell, the government would have to try to acquire the land with eminent domain power. But when the owners are willing to put up a fight, this might require a lengthy lawsuit. At least one group is planning to exploit this to oppose Trump's border wall project. In the same way, it is not uncommon for Presidential family members to be unofficial advisors to the president. Its unavoidable. As a simple example, the first lady has no official position in the office of the president (she has her own office that is not defined by the constitution), but the first lady still will obviously discuss policy with the president. This has actually already happened. The 18th amendment established Prohibition. After a short time the 18th amendment was repealed by the 21st amendment. So it is entirely possible to create a new amendment that says Since 1976 there has been an annual military exercise known as Foal Eagle (formerly known as Team Spirit) that has taken place in the Korean area. One of its primary purposes is to be a show of force to the North Koreans. It involves large scale naval and amphibious maneuvers with both American and South Korean forces. It has gone on ever year (with the exception of a short stretch from 1994 to 1996), so every president since Carter has presided over these exercises. Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? Many of North Korea's top officials visit other countries and likely have different ideas about how the country should be run. Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service? The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. (I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist).