The protagonist finds a passage in a building that takes you right into John Malkovich's head. But I don't know, maybe I'm wrong and authors write stuff like the first examples all the time? (Of course, I will do this in moderation). Any suggestions to deal with this? "Nah," Erin said, looking to the side, "just asking." Being John Malkovich, Charlie Kaufman "Sounds like a good deal," Icaro said after giving it a thought. "But I don't know, aren't you tired of spending so much time at the hospital? You know, watching sick people all the time. The smell of hospital." Synecdoche New York - Charlie Kaufman 

Ling shook her head. "I was born without one." 

Good hooking sentences make the reader ask one or more questions without causing too much confusion. They cause wonder and provide information and at the same time in a perfect, balanced way. The worst you can do is to leave the reader thinking: So what? 

This have been the main reason I never finish a novel. For example, in the story I'm writing, I want to write two subplots (each one chapter long). One to make the reader understand the origin of the protagonist's depression. And the other to explore the protagonist's feelings towards the person she loves. 

So I'm confused. Maybe it's because the scene is too short? Or because I didn't prepare the reader in the previous chapters? Get used to this absurdity? Or maybe it just depends on the audience? 

"By the way," Erin suddenly said while tracing circles on the rim of her glass, “is that new co-worker bothering you? You know, the one who talks to you all the time." 

An old man goes to the protagonist's audition, saying that he has being following the protagonist his whole life. Then he says to him, "Hire me, if you want to know who you truly are." 

The best example I can think of is the Fly episode in Breaking Bad. The characters spend the whole episode chasing a fly while confessing things to each other. So to conclude, there's no specific formula. The best you can do is to try as many ideas as you can, and pick those that "survive." If they really give the chills, they won't be defeated by the passage of time. This is a sample of something I wrote: 

Erin laughed. "That would never happen. No matter what, you can always move to my place." Ling stared down at her shoes, and then gave a slight nod. 

I'm writing a novel, and I just realized I don't describe be main character's appearance until Chapter 3 (each chapter is 1500~2000 words long and there are 25 chapters in total). Each characters has his/her own story and motivations, and I tried to keep them present while writing the dialogue. I think this reads strange because the narrator can't see his or her own face (or wasn't able to back then). 

My stomach grumbled. I remembered that I hadn't eaten breakfast; just a coffee and that had been it. I didn't want to walk too far. I was so tired. I decided to grab something here at the station. I wandered around for a while without much success—either the prices were too high, or the food looked less than appealing.