Our intuitive reading of the abilities seems more in line with a more Impredicative interpretation of ability. Is Impredicative Definition a legitimate idea? This is a controversial point, and one current to much discussion in Mathematical Logic on the limits of abstraction. Perhaps the only legitimate sense we can put on our definition of Omnipotence is strictly tied to the set of powers that can be compositionally analysed. This would be an inferential weakening of the claims made by many proponents of the existence of an Omnipotent subject, but it may be one that gets them out of a lot of the more immediately threatening forms of paradoxicality in their position. 

you could use an argument skeleton type rule like this: 

Given what Wittgenstein says throughout about the use of Truth Tables, and his position in the history of mathematics, it seems reasonable to suppose that he was relying on the technology of boolean logic over finite models. Since model theory, proof theory and set theory have come a long way since the 1920's, we might be more prepared from our current standpoint to deal with pluralities that Wittgenstein as a non-mathematician may not have been aware he was skipping over. And secondly, consider the truth of sentences in other languages and conceptual schemes; what would it take for a non-German to say that an assertion of "Schnee ist weiß" is true? 

There are really so many way to do this and which one you choose largely depends on your personal preference. Here are some: 

Supposing the arguments were asymmetrical and the one form is indeed stronger than the other, we should be able to formalise them: But also think of bitmasks and other uses of logic in computing science. Or, in even other words: it is not impossible to imagine a cold Sahara, a human who doesn't need oxygen, or a photon that has no mass; but it is impossible to imagine P and Q such that (P ∨ Q) → (Q ∨ P) is false. It's somewhat peculiar that that textbook talks about validity without first defining it. It's a pretty straightforward definition, but usually these books are very precise. These tables were made with CleanLogic. Disclaimer: I developed that. 

Since "the stronger the restriction, the narrower the class", Y will be smaller when P is stronger. And since N = X ∖ Y, this means that N will be greater, therefore, ¬P will be weaker. A similar argument can be made when P gets weaker: Y will be greater, so N smaller, therefore, ¬P will be stronger. There is an 'interpretation' possible in which snow does not melt during the day in the Sahara / a human lives without oxygen / photons have no mass. That is because these statements can only be verified with a posteriori knowledge. 

This does not only work for predicates that become stronger or weaker. If we have a strong predicate, that means the Yes-set is small. Since the No-set is the complement of the Yes-set, it has to be big, and therefore the negation of the original predicate (that is, the predicate of the No-set) has to be weak. Logic symbols are extensively used, especially in programming languages. As a random example I have been working with lately, this 2014 paper featuring a new block cipher shows this very well in appendix H: 

This is a deceptively complex question, and very on the nose when it comes to Tractarian interpretation. My line on this is to say that we need to pay attention to the distinction in the semantics of TLP between "Propositions" (the German "Satz") and "Elementary Propositions" ("Elementarsatz"), and to note the theoretical difficulties in explaining how to cash out the more general notion of Proposition in terms of Truth functions over Elementary Propositions, as in section $5, without sacrificing the Picture Theory approach that makes the semantics of Elementary Propositions seem appealing Kripke's work is of particular relevance to your question of whether Bivalence is a central property of Truth, in that while the technology he introduces is widely accepted as a valuable extension of Tarski's work, some philosophers have read his strategy as an endorsement of the existence of truth value gaps, and others as simply an indication of the structure of an axiomatic theory of "the True sentences" which is itself a classical theory, and developed/argued against it accordingly. Routley/Meyer Negation To go for a more radical, metaphysical claim about the existence of true contradictions, all Priest needs to do is to say that there are determinate and ultimately dialethic principles of assertion in our basic metaphysics that correctly latch on to the world. Although I don't think he makes such an assertion explicit (he does, for instance, defend the possibility of a foundational logic, but never specifically asserts what that foundational logic is supposed to theoretically cover) he does present arguments for dialetheism in the empirical sciences, which is good news if you're a naturalist. Not, though, if you're a classical set-theoretic structuralist. You're probably just going to accept that the rules of assertion in set theory are those of classical logic. 

Does this mean He is nonsensical? Not obviously. He may, of course, choose to be sensible to humanity. 

Vinko Vrsalovic suggested about this paragraph that it's the same or equivalent to "It is inconsistent as seen from a logical framework." to quote Lennart Regebro's answer. I disagree. Consider this example: I have the power to jump off a high building, cut my wrists and crash my car into a wall at 100 MPH. But I don't do these things because I chose not to. Or suppose I had the ability to tread water forever. That doesn't mean I must always demonstrate that power. Or to put things another way, God has the power to break the rules of logic, but for whatever reason doesn't. Whatever his purposes may be, they do not include the need to make a stone he cannot move. Since every mind will be disrupted by a unique set of interference, one solution to the problem of knowing if an explanation is rational or not is to submit it to a collection of minds in some public forum (such as this one!) where it can be analyzed. Presumably the consensus of many minds will eliminate the most common forms of bias. Problems with this approach are left as an exercise for the reader!