If there's no credible threat to (both) American commerce and American values abroad, and seemingly no imminent threat of attack, then the Jeffersonians and the Jacksonians tend to prevail. This looks like "isolationism". This is the condition that prevailed until the run-up to WWII. 

This can be seen in action in the run up to WWII. Japan had been a UK ally in part for naval logistical reasons since 1902, they fought together in WWI, and the UK re-upped that treaty twice. However, when it became clear that Japan and the USA were starting to become antagonistic toward each other in the 1920's, it also became clear the UK had to chose one. For reasons that I think became obvious two decades later, this was no choice at all. The UK dropped the treaty. 

Secondly, lets look what happened with a pure self-defense approach. We can't look at that in isolation in 1964, but we can in 1921. On May 31st of that year, in response to an imminent lynching action, a similar discussion went on the black community of (north) Tulsa. In this case, the case of those arguing for active resistance and self-defense won the day. Guns were gathered, and volunteers set off for the jailhouse to offer their help to the Sheriff. There they dispersed a mob of 1,000 whites besieging the sheriff. So far so good. 

The cycle before that, the DC elector refused to vote, in protest to DC having no congressional representation. 

There's nothing in the Constitution specifically allowing it. The closest any part really comes to addressing seccession is the following (from Article 4, Section 3): 

I would posit that the combination of the preponderance of new post-war babies, and factories with no more wartime call on their synthetic materials products, made conditions "ripe" for the invention of disposable diapers in the wake of WWII. I have no evidence to back this supposition up though 

The word "frenzied" in particular looks very modern and anachronistic coming from Jefferson. Out of curiosity, I ran it through Ngram, and got the following: 

I tried running some ngrams on parts of the phrase, but the results were pretty inconclusive. For example, "exercise power" was about twice as popular (and rising) in the early 80's as it was back during Frankfurter's heyday. However, back then there was a big spike in "real rulers". This seems to be due chiefly to a series of books by that name published from the late 30's through the early 60's. (Todo: a search of The Real Rulers of America may well produce the actual source of this quote). Again, these books all seem very conspiratorial in nature, and thus may be more likely to have been read by a 1985 conspiracy book author than by Justice Frankfurter. 

It was pointed out in the comments (h/t to @Jeff), that this is essentially the argument made in Colonial Origins of Comparitive Development, an article by Daron Acemoglu, Simon Johnson, and James A. Robinson, that appeared in American Economic Review in 2001 (and available online through JSTOR, or here as a PDF). 

I believe this is referring to the gag rule (aka: Pickney Resolution 3) of the US House, adopted in 1836. It read: 

But even without the sign, racists will find a way. Many people would for example just ignore a black "customer" in their establishment, until the person gets the idea and leaves. I had this happen to me at a national chain restaurant in rural Indiana in 1983 while traveling with some black friends. 

Here's a video of MLK on NBC's Meet the Press in 1965 receiving this exact same treatment from a panel of white journalists two years later. All these criticisms will sound quite fresh, if you follow the discussions around current American social justice movements. Surprisingly little seems to have changed in that regard. 

While this might have done wonders to re-elect the Southern reps that put it forward, it incensed northerners (even ones that didn't care much about slavery). The way they saw it, there was no longer any real right to petition Congress on this particular matter, regardless of what the First Ammendment said. The number of such petitions just increased, and the southern-based Democratic party lost the next major election (1840). 

Lastly, the country was still getting over their humilation in the Spanish American war (known as "The Disaster" in Spain) a decade and a half earlier. Their government at the time was kind of a weird attempt to ape the form of the British Constitutional Monarchy, but without any real Democracy. Unsurprisingly, it had every bit as much real popular support as the people had real voices in it (iow: almost none). I suspect it was pretty clear to everyone it wasn't stable enough to engage in a foriegn war, and in fact it fell on its own about a decade after the end of WWI. 

This large electoral block of voters was ripe for the picking, if only the Republicans could reconcile themselves with the racist policy positions it would require to do so. The short story here is that the Liberal and Moderate Republican establishment was not up for that, but the Conservative wing was. Thus was born The Southern Strategy. 

In reality though, the legality of seccession is part of what the Civil War was fought over. The South lost, so no it wasn't legal. :-)