Here YHVH (translated as "the Lord"), the God of the Hebrews, generally seen by Christians as God the Father, compares himself to a mother comforting a child. This suggests that God is not averse to being seen as a mother by us humans, who are God's children. 

Since Islam didn't come into existence until several centuries after the last books of the Bible were written, obviously there is no mention of Islam in the Bible, and therefore there are no statements in the Bible about whether Muslims do or don't worship the same God. But the obvious word to use would be στῆθος (stēthos), traditionally translated "breast" (in the archaic sense of "chest"), and in modern translations as "chest." This, in fact, is the word used in a very similar passage later in Revelation: 

However, here are a few biblical indications not mentioned in the other answers so far: 

The philosophical response that "God has no gender" is foreign to the biblical text, which almost everywhere uses gendered language for God. The vast majority of that gendered language is male; a small minority of it is female. I'm not aware of any passage in the Bible stating or implying that God has no gender. If the intention is to move away from the idea of God as exclusively male, it is easier to support from the Bible the idea that God encompasses both genders than it is to support the idea that God has no gender. 

The fact that Muslims attribute some characteristics to God that Christians don't, or that Christians attribute some characteristics to God that Muslims don't, is not as relevant as traditional and conservative believers in either faith think it is. After all, even within each of those religions there is a wide variety of opinion and perspective on the exact nature of God. 

Christian: "That question doesn't really make sense. The rock you described is a nonsensical object. The size of a rock doesn't change God's ability to move it. That's like asking if God can make a ball so green that He can't roll it; the color of a ball doesn't impact God's ability to roll it anymore than the size of a rock impacts God's ability to move it." Enter "the tree." When we're talking about the forbidden fruit, we really need to take a moment and reflect on the situation prior to Genesis 3. God has just created an entire "very good" universe and essentially handed it all over to man. He made celestial objects for signs and seasons, filled an entire planet with creatures and plants, and prepared a paradise garden to walk with them in. There was one thing they weren't allowed to do. One rule. One little ol' tree in the middle of the whole big creation which they were told not to eat from. We're not talking about the Levitical Law here... this was a pretty reasonable boundary! Let us keep this in mind as we continue. But the obvious word to use would be στῆθος (stēthos), traditionally translated "breast" (in the archaic sense of "chest"), and in modern translations as "chest." This, in fact, is the word used in a very similar passage later in Revelation: 

About Muslim non-acceptance of Jesus as God, he wrote: Here is Swedenborg's succinct way of saying this with regard to belief in the Jesus, later on in Divine Providence #330: 

By contrast, references to the God of the Israelites (which Christians see as the true God) are overwhelmingly male. The Christian doctrine of Emanuel Swedenborg (1688–1772) accepts the claim that Muslims worship the same God as Christians (and Jews and everyone else who worships God). Though Swedenborg had some faulty ideas about Islam based on common 18th century European notions of Islam (such as the idea that Muslims could accept Jesus as the Son of God), his overall position was that Islam was founded under God's providence in order to root out the idolatry common in the Middle East at the time of Mohammed, and to establish in its place the worship of one God in a way that is adapted to the cultures of the Middle East.