It seems that the goal of Pokemon Go is to catch all the different types of Pokemons. But do you have to get all evolved Pokemons as well? Also note that the attacker's CP is the highest CP of your 6 Pokemons, even if you didn't use it. For example, if you beat a CP 1000 Arcanine using a CP 500 Vaporeon, but one of your other 5 Pokemons that was chosen for battling have CP of 1100, then the CP 1100 is used to calculate the prestige increased, instead of using CP 500. As a result, if you intend to beat only that Arcanine, then choose your other 5 Pokemons to have CP at or lower than 500 CP if you want a prestige increase of 1000. For example, seems like Eevee can evolve into 3 types of Pokemons, and one of them is Jolteon. Does that mean I have to catch many Eevees, and then keep one not evolved, and then evolve the other ones to all 3 types of evolved Eevees? I saw that Magikarp needs 400 Magikarp candies to evolve... so we need to catch 400 Magikarps? This has been updated and fixed as of iOS version 1.25.0 and Android version 0.55.0. You are now able to play music in the app without having it get paused/shut off. From this article: Specifying ranges can be done in either ascending or descending order. The results will be the same for "cp10-150" as "cp150-10". Got an upgrade after maybe 50 odd spins? Bear in mind the following disclaimer: Additionally, I have received 0 evolutionary items from about 10 spins since they became available. No, the total distance travelled will stay the same. The current progress towards the next reward will be reset, however. Though the update is very recent, here is some anecdotal evidence to show how much the bonus catch rate works in practice. Bear in mind, the overall catch rates may have been increased with this update as well, which may slightly skew the data, but the increase in catch rate is very clear. Based on the information provided in this thread, it appears that the silhouettes are due to the recent gender split in the Pokédex. If you don't have both genders of an evolved Pokémon, the evolution icon to that Pokémon will be a silhouette until you have gotten both. Here are some images to prove it: Meanwhile I'm on spin 175 for today and still not a single evolution item. I tried switching my Lapras out today and decided to make him my buddy again and his total distance started at 10.0 km, just as it was when I switched him out. Right now, I am sorting by CP (Combat Power) and then "Transfer" the lowest CP Pokemons to the Professor (to give it away), but wonder what is a good or better way to handle this? According to heavy.com, it is: It seems at first to me that, if a Dratini only has a CP of 10, but has the semi-circle bar possible going to a possible maximum of 500, then it will be better than a Dratini that has a CP of 390 but is already near the max. (For example, can I combine several Pidgey into one?) So, does that mean I should go for the highest IV or CP? Or since most people aim for the highest IV, it seems, will that result in a highest possible CP as well? For example, seems like Eevee can evolve into 3 types of Pokemons, and one of them is Jolteon. Does that mean I have to catch many Eevees, and then keep one not evolved, and then evolve the other ones to all 3 types of evolved Eevees? I saw that Magikarp needs 400 Magikarp candies to evolve... so we need to catch 400 Magikarps?