The comments indicate that my understanding of the question wasn't the intended one. Let me try to explain how I understood it: The question sketches how experiences from the physical world naturally lead to the notion of a natural number. In the end the question states "I want to rid myself of the mind restricting physical world", which I interpreted as a reference to the natural numbers, and how you can free your mind of this restrictive concept. I thought there is a point, because the natural numbers are indeed closely linked to the physical world, especially to god as its creator. You can have two really huge natural numbers, and you can tell with absolute certainty whether they are equal or not, even if they are described in two completely different ways. Well, it's actually not you how can do this (answering this question might simply exceed your available computing and memory capacities), but god can do it. (I also have images from Jared Diamond's Collapse in my mind, where he suggests that one ancient culture just dissolved voluntarily, because the environment wasn't stable enough, and they were fed up of rebuilding everything again and again.) 

There are multiple closely related representation theorems for Heyting algebras. First note that a Heyting algebra is bounded and distributive as a lattice, and every bounded distributive lattice can be represented as the set-algebra of clopen upper sets of its associated Priestley space. In case of a Heyting algebra, this associated Priestley space is an Esakai space, which is a Priestley space for which the downward closure of each clopen set is clopen. There are also representation theorems for bounded distributive lattices and Heyting algebras using pairwise Stone spaces instead of Priestley spaces, and representation theorems using spectral spaces. 

The truth values of intuitionistic propositional logic form a Heyting algebra. Surprisingly, the class of subdirectly irreducible Heyting algebras is not really smaller than the class of Heyting algebras itself: There were at least three different idealistic positions regarding the existence of mathematical objects: 

I'm not exactly sure which type of math you want to create. If you just want to create a math different from the math suitable for the physical world, then I have an interesting suggestion. Try to imagine a physical world without god. Try to strip away all the reliability and security, all the eternity present in the physical world. Or if you have problems with god, try to imagine a computer not as reliable as the ones we build today, but one which frequently makes mistakes, where the bits flip quite often, or which has some other reliability problems you find interesting. Now try to create a math for such an unreliable physical world or such an unreliable computer. From the comments I get that the goals of the question are actually the other way round. You don't want to weaken the infallible certainty of the natural numbers, but on the contrary extend their infallibility to even more concepts: "then prove to me that you have cut it to the exact size with now error". Perhaps my suggestion to just remove god goes too short. Try to replace it with something better, like a world that tries to fulfill all your wishes, if you just wish hard enough. Or imagine a computer that tries to correct the programmers mistakes in the programs it's executing. Maybe it also can restrain from this to help the programmer with debugging, but if allowed it will be able to understand the intent of the program instead of the actual words in most cases. 

Every field of sets is a Boolean algebra, and every Boolean algebra can represented as a field of sets. As a consequence, classical propositional logic can also be regarded as the logic of subsets. In David Ellerman's paper about the dual of the logic of subsets, I read that (it is supposedly well known that) intuitionistic logic can also be interpreted as the logic of open subsets. There is also a later simplified (32 pages instead of 64) introduction to partition logic, which I haven't read yet. Every Heyting algebra can be represented as the open elements of an interior algebra. Every interior algebra can be represented as a topological field of sets with its interior and closure operators corresponding to those of the topological space. Another aspect is that every "n-ary operator between open sets" composed of pointwise operators and interior operators can be defined by an intuitionistic formula. But note that in the same way as a field of sets is not necessarily isomorphic to the set of all subsets of a set, a topological field of sets is not necessarily isomorphic to the set of all open subsets of a topological space.