Historical criticism attempts to understand the cultural context in which passages were written and thereby the degree to which cultural context should influence our understanding of the texts. Narrative criticism is a relatively new methodology, originating around 1970, that takes a completely different approach than historical criticism, at the same time being consistent with it. Narrative criticism attempts to understand how a book was written and how it influenced its intended audience. One of the earliest texts from that period is Mark as Story, by David Rhoads, Joanna Dewey and Donald Michie, now in its third edition. This book quite clearly demonstrates the use of Narrative criticism. Regardless of later usage, exegesis should look at the original language and the likely original meaning of a text. In the original Hebrew, Isaiah 7:14 uses the word 'almah, which means 'young woman' and is used only in this sense in nine other references in the Old Testament. The Hebrew word for 'virgin' is betulah and is used exclusively in that sense more than fifty times in the Hebrew Bible. Ian Wilson says in Jesus, page 46, that while 'almah carries a general connotation of eligibility for marriage, this does not necessarily mean virginity. Nevertheless, nearly all English-language Christian Bibles say 'virgin' in Isaiah 7:14. Hamil says there remain many legitimate questions to consider, none of which seem to have definitive answers. This device of the author of Mark perhaps shall never be fully understood. Regardless of — perhaps because of — the curious and mysterious nature of the secrecy motif, it persists in the minds of Markan scholars. Christians over the centuries has tended to insist that the Song is about marital sex, or at least extramarital sex with King Solomon (who seems to be exempt from moral criticism). This is the alternative interpretation, but it does not stand up to a careful reading of the text. Apparently, it was only in the Middle Ages that the great Jewish scholar, Rashi, lifted the veil and said that it was acceptable to read the Song of Solomon literally. You ask about the process through which Christian scholars interpret the Bible, and this is somewhat easier. Here I interpret 'scholars' in terms of critical scholars, rather than theologians. The theory of biblical text interpretation is called hermeneutics. There is a concept known as exegesis, or reading meaning out of the text, and this is contrasted with eusegesis, reading meaning into the text. Eusegesis can result in preferential interpretations, and is generally avoided by critical scholars. Cyrus was killed in battle in about 530 BCE, in Central Asia, and was succeeded by his son, Cambyses. In 522 BCE, while Cambyses was campaigning in the west, a usurper, Bardia or Smerdis, occupied the throne. He was quickly overthrown by Darius, who, although a Mede, was a military commander in the Persian empire. Darius I ruled Persia from 522 until 486 BCE and was succeeded by his son Xerxes (known as 'Ahasuerus' in the Bible). There are two main ways that Prophets and Apostles can be considered the foundation of the Church - their role in receiving and transmitting revelation (scripture) and their effectual ministry for Christ (service) - particularly in founding individual congregations. Christ's role in the foundation is unique - he is the chief cornerstone (cf Ephesians 2:20): ie he sets the pattern that the other 'stones' must follow and adapt to in order to fit correctly into the building. The scriptures refer to fear in different senses - the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, but the most commonly repeated command in the bible is "don't be afraid". From this we can conclude that fear is not in itself sinful, but neither is it the perfect will of God for us. That Jesus was tempted in every way is suggestive that there isn't a strong theological reason to say that Jesus didn't experience fear (of death, pain, separation from God the Father etc.), as even though that wouldn't have been directly mediated by the Holy Spirit (as per 2 Tim 1:7), he also necessarily experienced other temptations that were not directly mediated by the Holy Spirit either (as per James 1:13). Of course it is a salient point that he overcame the temptation that fear brings (to shrink back in unbelief) and for the joy set before him, endured the cross. Secondly, there have been literary or theological explanations. The basic thrust of this approach is to view the secrecy motif as a literary or theological device (or perhaps better, a literary device with a theological import) whereby various traditions about the historical Jesus have been presented to the reader within the overall perspective of the Christology (and soteriology) adopted within the Markan community some time after Jesus’ death and the rise of the Easter-belief in his resurrection. Instead, verse 5:25 says that if someone has anything against you, to be reconciled with him and reach a settlement before this goes to court. Otherwise, the judge may find against you and hand you over for imprisonment. Published commentaries, with insights The stories of Jonah and Jesus in boats are quite similar, so the question becomes one of whether the story of Jonah in some way prefigures that of Jesus or whether the story of Jesus calming the storm was substantially based on the story of Jonah. Of course, the gospels transferred this meaning to other Christians and perhaps even more broadly to those around us. Alonzo L. Gaskill (Miracles of the New Testament: A Guide to the Symbolic Messages) lists the parallels between the two miracles and finds them strong and obvious, but reaches no conclusion. John's Gospel is telling Christians to show affection for each other publicly, so that others will notice and realise there are Christians in their midst. No doubt some would enquire who the Christians were and perhaps consider joining.