The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a proposed (free?) trade agreement heralded by big business. Therefore, Most of them support the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Perhaps quietly so. What is the rationale for focussing on the reduction of public debt, in a situation where private debt is much larger and growing? If anything, opposition comes from the left. For example, senator Bernie Sanders: Other examples of wealth tax can be found on Wikipedia. 

Other people have pointed out wealth can also be stored in paintings and wine bottles. This is true, although this kind of wealth may not generate income, unlike savings accounts or stock investments, that are easier to measure than less liquid ways of storing wealth. Both the Democratic and Republican parties and most of their candidates are heavily funded by big business. Arguably the Republican party in particular, but that could be just my impression, I don't have evidence to back it up. According to the OECD, in The Netherlands, public debt is 78% of GDP and private household debt is 277% of GDP. Eurozone rules require a budget deficit of no more than 3% (not sure if this depends on economic growth or inflation). The previous Dutch government was praised by some for reducing the public debt. At the same time, private debt was growing. We don't tax income based on wealth, because taxing wealth is what the wealth tax is for. In any event, union membership has declined from its highs in the 1950s to a mere 11% nowadays - its lowest point since the 1930s. Regardless of whether you like them or not, there is at least a plausible case to be made that these laws serve as a healthy (or horrible depending on your prespective) check on union power. 

Full payment would be hard to swallow. President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner has always opposed stumping up, and a generous payment for NML would open the door to similar payouts to other “holdout” creditors. The consensus has been that Argentina would reach a negotiated settlement with the holdouts. Argentina had made good progress this year in its quest to regain access to capital markets—settling disputes with the Paris Club of government creditors, for example. Tackling the holdout issue was the logical next step. The price of dollar-denominated defaulted debt surged above face value after the Supreme Court’s ruling, opening up a gap with euro-denominated debt that is not subject to New York law (see chart). The fear now is that the need to print money to finance its deficits will further spur inflation, putting the exchange rate under renewed pressure. Add in the likely jolt to consumption from default, and the recession that the country entered earlier this year will only deepen. Abeceb.com, a consultancy, is predicting that Argentina will contract by 3.5% in 2014; if the country had avoided default the projection was of a milder tightening of 1.5%. 

Typically, large debts are paid by devaluing the currency. While this has the short term effect of driving off investors, in the long run, it is the least "bad" way to do it. This Planet Money podcast explains the legal travails that Argentina faced when it chose to default on its debt, and also argues why Greece doesn't really have an Argentinian option. That said, the actual devaluation is widely credited with getting Argentina back on track. Brazil had a similiar experience. 

But it punishes them at the point of consumption - when they are actually doing the 'wrong thing' by following unhealthy behaviour. It doesn't penalise or discourage them at the point when they do the right thing by seeking medical help when it is needed. There are other approaches to disincentivise unhealthy behaviour that don't counter-productively increase total costs. For example, in the UK where all health care is free unless an individual chooses to upgrade, some regional health trusts have begun withdrawing non-essential non-urgent treatments such as IVF to smokers and others. It's very controversial, and it's too early to say what impacts it has, but it's unlikely to result in higher fees down the line. As for the pros and cons of structuring a system like this - that's a separate question. US smokers are taxed when they buy packs, at the state, federal and sometimes municipal levels; and there are similar liquor taxes, etc. These all are applied at the point the health-damaging behaviour is initiated, and there's plentiful evidence from many worldwide studies that, depending on how these taxes are applied, they do in fact reduce things like smoking rates, particularly among younger people. Here's one such example among many from 2011 (this is disputed by the tobacco industry and its affiliated researchers and think-tanks, obviously, but the evidence is strong). For illegal drugs, obviously they're illegal - mere ownership is penalised (in some states, very strongly). We don't tax income based on wealth, because taxing wealth is what the wealth tax is for. Other people have pointed out wealth can also be stored in paintings and wine bottles. This is true, although this kind of wealth may not generate income, unlike savings accounts or stock investments, that are easier to measure than less liquid ways of storing wealth. 

For example, in The Netherlands, the tax office assumes investments return 4% of their value, and this is then taxed at 30%. Effectively, this is a 1.2% wealth tax. If you put more than a minimum amount of money in a savings account, this will be taxed. And effectively, it does depend on income, because in a capitalist system, individuals and organisations who have more wealth can (and typically do) use this wealth to acquire more income. 

If anything, opposition comes from the left. For example, senator Bernie Sanders: Other examples of wealth tax can be found on Wikipedia. 

According to the OECD, in The Netherlands, public debt is 78% of GDP and private household debt is 277% of GDP. Eurozone rules require a budget deficit of no more than 3% (not sure if this depends on economic growth or inflation). The previous Dutch government was praised by some for reducing the public debt. At the same time, private debt was growing.