How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? 

If you are aware of the ICC rules or the possible outcome of the game, please explain with reasons. Thanks! 

More details, including the excerpt below, can be found here and here. 

Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. 

Now, consider a scenario where two fielders are chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. The first fielder slides, stops the ball and passes it to the second fielder who throws it back to the wicket keeper. The batting side is only awarded the number of runs that they run between the wickets. 

The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. 

Absent-Hurt: This is a scenario where a batsman is not able to come to the pitch to bat even without facing a ball, due to prior illness or injury. In this case, no runs will be added to his career stats and therefore, will not affect this average as neither will the (Innings - not outs) change. So, his batting average prior to the game is the same as that at the end of it. 

In the early 2000s, the NFL felt that touchdown celebrations had gotten out of control, delaying the game and promoting unsportsmanlike behavior. Some of the top "offenders" included Steve Smith (who "diapered and wiped" the football), Randy Moss (who mooned Packers fans at Lambeau) and Chad Johnson (who put on a hall of fame jacket and proposed to a cheerleader). So in 2006, the NFL outlawed "excessive celebration." Specifically, players were prohibited from any prolonged, excessive, or premeditated celebration, from using any type of prop while celebrating, from going to the ground during a celebration, and from engaging in a group celebration. 

The NFL has similar language. From the Official Playing Rules of the NFL 2012, Rule 15, Section 9 (Instant Replay): 

If there is still a tie after criteria C is applied, criteria D, E, and F are used. The difference between these three criteria and criteria A, B, and C is that with D, E, and F, the only match(es) you look at is the match between the teams that are still tied. 

By definition, a let does not result in a point scored. Additionally, the service does not change until a certain number of points are scored. As a result, you can serve multiple "net serves" in a row, and each will be a let. 

In the NCAA, this is a Class B technical foul. When this occurs, two free throws are awarded to any member of the other team. 

This section of the rule book does not specify a penalty for skipping other commitment tournaments. The Rankings section of the rulebook reveals the penalty. If the other commitment tournaments are skipped, they are counted against the player for ranking purposes. 

If there is a tie after this ranking, criteria B and C are used, using the statistics from ALL three group matches that each team played in determining the rank order. 

ITTF is still approving celluloid balls, and they may still be used for non-ITTF sanctioned events. If you have an ITTF-approved ball in your hand and are unclear if you have a celluloid or plastic ball, the plastic balls have "40+" printed on them. Celluloid balls have "40" printed without the "+" character. 

B. A player who is eligible for a reduction of his ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments must be in good standing with the ATP in order to receive a reduction of required ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments. 

If a player skips the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals without a valid excuse, they are no longer considered in good standing.