Apostolic succession and Papal succession are not one and the same. 

Mass is the primary form of worship in the Catholic church. There is a provision for a children mass where special prayers are said for them But worship is not to be done in a classroom setting. But almost as a norm Children always attend Mass with their parents. It is always recommended to do so. In-fact certain age children have a specific role in Mass called alter servers. Usually in parishes children (not toddlers) perform this role. 

What was the formal statement made by the person being baptized? 

On an ordinary day three passages are read. These passages are from: 

You might now ask: When can the faithful receive Communion under both kinds? The General Instruction of the Roman Missal, 283 and Eucharisticum Mysterium - 32 points out that apart from the priests who celebrate/concelebrate the mass following can receive communion in both species : 

Hence by Jewish tradition, the Jews expected the Mother of their King to be the titular Queen. The same holds true for the New Kingdom of God. If Jesus is King of this new Kingdom, then Mary should by tradition be his queen. 

Jesus was God and knew well the character and faults of Peter his disciple. The gospels give us a look at his impetuosity-asking Jesus 'if it is you, tell me to walk on the water', arrogance - wanting to call fire down from heaven, cowardice- denying the Lord, etc. 

No. Rather the nature of apostolic succession is meant to be an unbroken succession of valid bishops. 

Even though at the time when this was happening, it was unclear as to who is the legitimate successor, we can be sure that at least one of them was legitimate. In other words, the see of peter was not vacant. (Retrospectively we can determine the legitimate successor.) 

Celebrant: Do you reject Satan? 

Do children worship with the parents, or do they have their own little worship area/classroom setting where they learn about God and stuff? 

What is the theological basis for only one or the other (body and blood) being necessary? 

But if you are looking for bible in your vernacular look for a bible that has: 

Invalid means the Sacrament didn’t happen at all. There is some defect in matter, form or intention. Question of validity occurs only for a Sacrament. 

To those listed under nos. 2 and 4, in their jubilee Masses; 

Peter seems unlikely as a foundation for the whole church .... Peter is not only unlikely from his character flaws that we see revealed in the gospels. 

Instances of nepotism and dynastic possession ... popes engaging in orgies, conspiracies, accepting bribes .... 

Is the nature of apostolic succession meant to be an unbroken succession of valid popes? 

Not just the pope, but all Catholic bishops have unbroken apostolic succession. In other words, for a person to become a bishop (even the bishop of Rome - aka pope), he has to be consecrated (Laying on of hands) by another a validly consecrated bishop. Who in turn should have been validly consecrated by another validly consecrated bishop...... If we keep backtracking like this, we will end up with one of the thirteen apostles (The Twelve + Paul). This is considered to be unbroken line of apostolic succession. 

Celebrant: Do you reject Satan, father of sin and prince of darkness? 

To understand her Queenship, one must understand how who the Queen of the Davidic Kingdom in the Old Testament Jewish monarchy was. It was the Queen Mother. The Kings had many wives, none of whom could be called Queen. That honor was reserved for the mother of the King. We see this in the role Bathsheba played with respect to King Solomon and the occasions when the Queen Mother acted as regent on behalf of juvenile successors to the throne. 

But there could be many reasons why Jesus Chose Peter. 

Also all thru the New Testament, Peter's Primacy is shown in hidden symbols. Like for example, 

In Revelation 12, the Women who brought forth a child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne was seen crowned with of twelve stars. This women is traditionally identified as Mary. And this image of Crown is held to be one of the evidence for her queenship. 

Illicit means, roughly, “illegal”. In the case of a Sacrament, it means performed in a way that is not permitted by the rules or laws of the Church. (But the sacrament did happen). The term Illicit can also be used to refer to actions not done in accordance with the established norms. 

New popes are not considered valid unless the previous pope submits to his authority. (As in deposing of Pope John XII and Pope Leo VIII's invalid first election) 

If this statement is no longer made, when did the practice cease? 

In the Roman rite of the Catholic Church, does the individual explicitly "renounce the devil and his works" when he makes his confession of faith during baptism? 

As far as I know, this practice has not ceased.