3 Finland \\ Even among bears the priestly tail \\ Attempts to place herself and summon factions \\ But only those nations accept it \\ Where fools and ignorants are trendy 4 Ireland \\ Like the donkey with the habit \\ to walk close to the cliff hedge \\ And either comes back because of the staff \\ or ends up down the cliff \\ Likewise the problem seeking priest \\ mashes water in the mortar; \\ And he can be seen in glory and joy \\ What a fool!... Lo mash! Mash! Could you please provide some context for it? The Russian nobleman (I think) has Poland on a chain. At his feet, the serfs rejoice for the recent abolition of the feudal serfdom (Czar Alexander) 8 Poland \\ Tied in shackles, at the feet of her tyrants \\ The name of Nation honours her no more... \\ She can't rise up! She can't avenge herself \\ Who carries like a mule, deserves to be beaten The map is certainly filled with irony against other people struggling for their independence. Greece watches in a mirror looking for her long lost teeth; other nations in the Balkans are depicted as sheep: Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Bulgaria Eventually, Metropolitan French pilots did make it to England - but even by 1941, two-thirds of the Free French were in Africa. Further, as TomAU and Sempaiscuba points out, much of the French military stayed with the surrendering government. Whether this was exasperated by distrust caused by things like the evacuation, or the scuttling of the French fleet is hard to gauge. The English New Forest was planted by the conquering Normans in the 11th century, and replaced farmland that had been cleared about 1,000 years earlier. The soil around the area is very poor, and much of the cleared land had became semi-barren heath - so this is a very clear act of reforesting. The purpose of the reforesting was to provide the Norman nobility, particularly the king, an area to conduct hunting of game and deer. In regards to pilots from Metropolitan France not heading to England - many Czech and Polish forces (including pilots) fled over land borders into then-neutral Hungary and Romania in 1939 and were able to make their way to Britain in plenty of time to start being integrated into RAF and Army Command by the Battle of Britain in August 1940. Even then, it was a little while before they trusted to fly into combat. Pre-historic migrations from Europe into Persia and India which predate these peoples may have occurred, but it is difficult to know what they were because we have little physical evidence of such events. (By the way, I hope you appreciate that I am going to have to eat downvotes to provide you this answer.) To give you a sense of what it was like, if you were an army soldier on a public road, young boys would run up to you constantly and offer their sister for some pittance amount of money. If you accepted, you would be led to a house or shack nearby where she would be waiting, often a very young girl. The money you paid would be used to feed the whole family, but when you came you would only see the young boy and the girl. In another answer to the question it says "rocket-like weapons" were used at the "Battle of Sejo" by Mongols, a "fact" obviously pillaged from NASA's completely unsourced "history of rocketry". First of all, the battle is usually known as the Battle of Mohi which took place near the Sajo river, not the Sejo river. Secondly, none of the European accounts of this battle mention any "rockets" whatsoever. Thirdly, the Chinese accounts, which are only known from books written HUNDREDS of years later THOUSANDS OF MILES away in China, mention only fire arrows and "fire pots", which apparently is a reference to naptha bombs, a technology known to the ancient Greeks and Persians. Transforming hard-to-translate Chinese accounts of fire arrows, which are obviously second-hand accounts originally written in Mongolian into "rockets" is a typical example of how obscure sources are re-interpreted to create exotic origins for technology. This wild exaggeration is a typical example of how 20th century historians, most of whom cannot even read Chinese at all, uncritically have created this false mythology of Chinese (or in this case Mongolian) technology.