Maybe one can borrow the term endemic for a language only occuring in one country from biology. 

There is AFAIK no common word for all of them. Sounds of hesitation are often called fillers, while short utterances like Yes or Yep are called fragments. 

P.S. (This is an answer to the question in comment: Is it a joke?) It is partly an elaborated joke indeed. The name Jebediah was popularised by the TV show Simpsons. But Jebediah Smith (as founder of Springfield) is an anachronism. 

Even better is the next one, it describes the full system. In Esperanto, thoses word are called tabelvortoj (table words). The terminology used is either syntactic complexity (see also this question on [languagelearning.se]: Measuring syntactic complexity) or Readability. Specifically for the English language there are several formulæ available (e.g., the Dale–Chall formula) to determine the readability of a sentence from easy-to-count features. Those formulæ are fitted to empirical judgements of the readbility. In some generative theories of syntax, recursion is usually understood as self-embedding, in the sense of putting an object inside another of the same type (Fitch 2010, Kinsella 2010, Tallerman 2012). However, Tallerman 2012 argues that HFC 2002 used recursion in the sense of phrase-building or the formation of hierarchical structure generally (p. 451). 

Less common terms: derivational family, lexeme family. Willy van Langendonck (2007) argues that a proper name has the following characteristics: 

a phonetically similar/same base 

This is traditional phonology, not generative. Chomsky says that Merge is putting alpha and beta together. If you want to add gamma to it, then you add gamma to a object [alpha+beta]. The issue here is that for [alpha+beta] to be different from a mere sum of alpha and beta, some new property must arise, otherwise we’ll end up with iteration. What is this new property? The final draft is available here 

Here's a screenshot of the relevant section from http://www.blackwellpublishing.com/shockey/ 

I'd go with no.1 because you can find the following minimal pairs in English (RP): 

cf. Berwick 1998's observation that recursive generative capacity is an inherent property of Merge (p. 332). They are both concatenative (or combinatorial) operations; however, Merge involves hierarchy. Ladd, D. R. 2011. Phonetics in phonology. In John A. Goldsmith, Jason Riggle, and Alan C. L. Yu. 2011. Handbook of phonological theory. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell. "People speak in set phrases, rather than in separate words, hence the crucial importance of set phrases. At the same time, set phrases, or PHRASEMES, represent one of the major difficulties in theoretical linguistics as well as in dictionary making" (Mel'chuk 1998: 24). 

There is no such "universal" definition - and if there were one, it would be useless. 

Here are some most common ones - based on Granger and Paquot 2008. Thus, a segment is "any element, at any level of representation, which is described as forming sequences with others" (Matthews 2007). What happens is that in connected, fast speech function words get unaccented and "show reductions of the length of sounds, centralization of vowels toward /ə,ɪ,ʊ/ and the elision of vowels and consonants" (Cruttenden 2014: 273). For example, the dominant of the synonymic series "strong, stout, sturdy, stalwart, tough, tenacious" is strong. 

Actually, it is a derivational cascade. I think it's Juan Uriagereka's terminology. Uriagereka 2005 writes that command units (or CU's, objects formed by the continuous application of Merge to the same object) are spelled-out at the end of each derivational cascade. The more common term in the Minimalist Program is a phase.