In 2007 the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard lost his seat, but his party also lost the election. He is the second Australian Prime Minister to lose his sear in an election after Stanley Bruce in 1929. There is a detailed breakdown of the answer to this question on every YouGov poll since the EU referendum that can be found here. The best example of a Prime Minister who lost his seat but remained prime minister is William Lyon Mackenzie King who lost his seat in in the 1925 Canadian general election and in the 1945 Canadian general election, but still kept the job as Prime Minister of Canada. He returned to parliament shortly after each of these elections by persuading a member of his own party to resign from a safe seat (which triggered a by-election) where he stood in turn and won. For all recent elections ( in last 15 years or so) this data is published in spreadsheet form by the Electoral Commision amd can be found here. Please also see this answer for 2017 data. Electoral data relating to analysis of election results between 1964 -2010 and 2015 can also be downloaded from the British Election Study Website here. In Britain Prime Minister Arthur Balfour lost his seat of Manchester East in the 1906 general election, but remained Conservative party leader, without a seat. Instead of legislating such a thing, however, many transparency groups simply publish the records of politicians. The idea is that good free speech can potentially drive out the bad. George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, John Monroe, John Quincy Adams, Andrew Jackson, and Martin Van Buren. Indeed, even as late as Woodrow Wilson (a face made for radio), directly communicating with "the American people" was considered somewhat novel. Wilson's tour to sell the League of Nations to the country was conisdered a novelty. Wilson's successor - Harding is often considered the first candidate picked for looks instead of a message, and FDR was really the first to use the airwaves extensively in his campaigns. (Calvin Coolidge in particular was known to loathe public occasions and avoided them as much as possible. While he used the radio, he didn't particularly like it, and called it "a technology of the future," not the present.) William Henry Harrison, in 1840 is often considered to be the first President to campaign. His slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler too" was considered widely successful. His "Log Cabin campaign" was a repudiation of the prior practice of steadily working one's way up within a faction. As such, technically the answer to your question then would be (and I'm doing this from memory!): It's widely reported that the 1960 election was stolen by Democrats in favor of JFK. I don't know that it's widely disputed much anymore. How would the state and county election boards detect such a hack? Through post election audits. Both candidates have stated that the 5% threshold makes it easier for the party to get ballot access in the next election in various states. The state receives reliable information that a voter is deceased. Cases of voter fraud were discovered in Texas. For example, Fannin County had only 4,895 registered voters, yet 6,138 votes were cast in that county, three-quarters for Kennedy.[42] In an Angelina County precinct, Kennedy received 187 votes to Nixon's 24, though there were only a total of 86 registered voters in the precinct.[42] When Republicans demanded a statewide recount, they learned that the state Board of Elections, whose members were all Democrats, had already "certified" Kennedy as the official winner in Texas.[42] Trump expanded his appeal and base of support into traditional blue collar, Democrat strongholds (although came up short), while not being able to capture the same base of support from outside-big-city suburban "movement" conservatives. Powerlineblog Some hard hitting local advertising also may have come into play (see link).