I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" However, this system of statistics is not the equivalent of baseball. To think so is confusing the map for the territory. Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants. To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. First, we need to figure out who we mean by "post-structuralists". There's a pretty diverse of people who generally get this label applied to them (and very few, if any, who use it as a self-appellation), and these folks have a pretty wide set of interests. However, we can safely say that there are not many among who have taken it upon themselves to comment directly on physics or the natural sciences. Is this the general consensus amongst philosophers of science or one of a number of different viewpoints still debated (and if the latter, what is this viewpoint called)? Is it the general view amongst philosophers of science that science isn't about truth but rather adequately predictive models and therefore it doesn't make sense to speak of a scientific theory as true so much as an adequate model of the evidence? On the question of the simulation hypothesis (i.e. that reality is a simulation), a friend of mine once remarked he didn't accept it on the grounds of Ockham's razor. To me (with my admittedly instrumentalist view of science) this seems a misuse of Ockham's razor in that all my friend is really claiming is that it isn't empirically necessary (and hence outside of science). Is the simulation hypothesis outside of science? If so, then does it pose a problem for scientific realism? If not, is it falsifiable? Is it an empirical question? In the case of "energy", we have very clear formulas that predict the effects of this occult cause, and the formulas work regardless of whether you believe in the cause or not. It doesn't matter if "energy" as a force actually exists, as long as it is adequate to the phenomena. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants.