Sometimes the President initiates them and explains to some aide what he wants and the aide in association with other aides drafts it, and sometimes an agency that needs an executive order initiates the drafting of it it and then presents it to the President for approval with an explanation. The price we pay for a free press in the U.S. is the need to have healthy skepticism of political claims. The validity of those claims is resolved with more speech in most cases, not with legal action. Given that Bannon has been appointed to the National Security Council and that President Trump has in an almost unprecedented manner removed the Director of National Intelligence and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman (the top military officer in the United States) from the National Security Council, and given the quality of the drafting, and Bannon's involvement in the issue in question in the past, the suggestion that he drafted the travel ban is plausible. But, any greater certainty would have to come down to leaks from the White House from someone familiar with the facts and that leaker's credibility. Also, in reality, almost any executive order in almost any administration, would be reviewed by multiple people before it is signed (i.e. they are effectively all drafted by committee to some extent), even if only to review it on a proofreading basis. If it wasn't Bannon, it was presumably drafted by some other non-lawyer aide of President Trump in the White House Office, and probably not by someone affiliated with the Department of Homeland Security, or with the Secretary of State's office, either of which probably would have drafted the Executive Order differently. As others have noted in the comments, there are also many other concerns in the U.S.-Pakistan relationship that are potentially more salient than the role of China in all of this. The trouble is that despite the fact that executive orders are almost always ghostwritten, it is common practice for the true drafting author to not be acknowledged (unlike the annotation of initials of a true author that often appears on a business letter). If a new report truly is a false statement of fact that causes harm to someone's reputation, and if the news reporter has no actual factual basis for the factual claim, the First Amendment does permit the courts to impose both civil and criminal liability for the false statements, with civil suits brought by someone who is harmed and criminal liability enforced by the government. But, usually, this is very hard to prove. N.B. Explaining the motives of the U.S. in this situation (as the question asks) is easier than explaining the motives of China, Pakistan, or Russia which all have more complex diplomatic agendas in relation to this situation that are part of global strategies, than is the agenda of the United States here, whose agenda is fairly straight forward, particularly when limited to the Trump Administration's motives in particular as in this question. The underlying political theory behind the First Amendment protection of the media mentioned in the other answer is that the governments and courts cannot be trusted to determine what is and is not true outside of the context of commercial speech where there is substantial regulation of untrue claims. So, the U.S. concern about Taliban action in Pakistan is a higher priority for the U.S. than preventing China from growing more involved in Pakistan. Executive orders are almost always drafted by someone other than the President (at least in the last hundred years or so), although the President might provide an initial outline and might have editorial input into a near final draft. For example, a statement that gun control saves lives (or does not save lives) involves cause and effect determinations in highly complex social science contexts where there could be hidden causes or misunderstood relationships. Given that the courts and government don't necessarily have a superior ability to sort of the truth of statements like these, these kinds of statements are given special protections from legal liability for being false.