During this period, the pay were about: 

Regardless of factual accuracy, such numbers are almost completely meaningless, because they do not account for any other difference in demographics besides religion. For example, poorer people were less likely to own slaves than wealthier families. How did the population of southern Jews compare to whites in this regard? 

Therefore, without even going into the soundness (or lack thereof) of his calculations, it is obvious these figures are bogus in error. 

There is two questions here, since "political elite" did not (and does not) equate to membership in congress. In terms of the physical overlap of the two Congresses, let's examine the composition of the First United States Congress. 

The bimetallist champion, Alexander Hamilton, first Secretary of the Treasury, famously reported that: 

For a long time after the war, these trophy skulls were treated like souvenirs and memorabilia, or simply forgotten in a basement. As the decades passed however, custodians of Japanese remains increasingly sought to repatriate them to Japan. Often this came about as veterans began passing away and their surviving family went through their inheritance. Many veterans, too, began seeing their wartime souvenirs differently than their younger selves. 

And yet he makes no mention of this war breaking out in the following letters. Instead, two days later he wrote: 

Of course, the error is that 25% was the number of Jewish southerners, while 1.26% was the entire population of the United States. In fact, the number of whites living in the slave states were only 8,039,000. Those 393,967 slave holders would actually represent 4.9% of that population (thanks to @UriZarfaty for pointing this out). Applying the formula, that becomes 7.84% - nearly four times as many as claimed. 

While diplomats represented government interests, consuls were also appointed to countries to assist Americans locally. They remained unpaid by salary until the 1850s, when rules were introduced to curb the excess. But by 1886: 

In the House of Representatives, only 29 out of 68 representatives, or 43% (including 1 replacement) were not also a previous delegate to the Continental or Confederation Congresses: 

As noted previously, Reagan made such denials frequently, both before and after his presidency. His autobiography provides a post-White House example: 

This is probably a slightly garbled account of the destruction of Shuri Castle in Okinawa. During the Second World War's Battle of Okinawa, the battleship USS Mississippi shelled the historical Ryukyu palace for three days prior to its capture by US marines. 

A similar development saw the National Republican name became particularly associated with the Anti-Jacksonian faction in 1830. There was clearly a need for easier identification of the splintered Republican faction/parties. The Democratic vs National Republican divide offered exactly that. When the campaign of 1832 arrived, therefore, the Democratic-Republican label surged in popularity. 

- Rodriguez, Junius. The Historical Encyclopedia of World Slavery, Volume 1, ABC-CLIO, 1997 

This is because Americans were used to dealing in quarters at the time the denomination was chosen. During the colonial period, a common unit of currency was one eighths of a Spanish real de a ocho. Since each of these Spanish dollars were worth eight Spanish reales it was habitual to divide the eight-real coin into 12.5% wedges known as bits. Two of these were therefore equivalent to 25% of the Spanish dollar, i.e. 25 cents. 

- Quigley, Christine. Skulls and Skeletons: Human Bone Collections and Accumulations. McFarland, 2001. 

The date is however slightly off: 

- Takemae, Eiji. Allied Occupation of Japan. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2003. 

But this seems to contradict contradicted by most other sources. For example, he appears to have been in the United States on 2 May, and appointed on 20 May to the command of USS Essex after war had begun. 

- Adams, John Q. "To the Secretary of State." Letter to James Monroe. 12 July 1816. London. 

It stands to reason that he may reference Lincoln's remarks. 

- Miller, N. The US Navy: A History. Naval Institute Press, 1997. 

- First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States 

A famous case was that of three term Maryland Representative John Hill, a bitter opponent of the Prohibition who decided to make some wine and cider and reported himself. 

Note that party officially continued to style itself Republicans through the decade. For example, the 1835 national convention in Baltimore informed its Vice Presidential choice that: 

- Section 29, National Prohibition Act of 1919 

- Kooijman, Jaap. ... And the Pursuit of National Health: The Incremental Strategy Toward National Health Insurance in the United States of America. Vol. 8. Rodopi, 1999.