https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalan_Republic As you can see, there is population movement from south to north during warm periods and vice versa, with peaking of southern empires during warmings. The peak of the Roman and Mayan empires coincided with a warming, and they then fell as the world cooled and northern populations invaded. A similar pattern occurs with the Vikings, Arabs, colonialism, and pretty much any empire you can think of. The other parts of the question are vague and meaningless, and can't be answered. The current migration pattern from south to north, and associated population change, is in accordance with historical climate relationships. The Catalan Republic declared independence in 1931 but immediately caved in to the central government. Was Catalonia ever a sovereign nation? Not quite, but it has come close. Revolutionary Catalonia existed from 1936 to 1939. However, revolutionary Catalonia pretended to not be a state, and only controlled part of Catalonia. Here is the entire Hansard record for the day, by way of context for the speech. One will note that no attempt is made by Hansard to record anything other than the actual words spoken, with their utterer. Any interpretation of emotive delivery, after the fact, could be only on the basis of personal recollection, with all the attendant uncertainty from the possible errors and conflicts inherent in that. Italy (very definitely the junior partner of Germany and Italy) invading Greece in 1940. It is a long speech, roughly 4,000 words, of which I doubt more than a paragraph or two is repeated in the movie (which I have not yet seen). Churchill was an accomplished orator, likely one of the best ever in the history of the English language. Part of that skill is matching the emotion of the message to the emotion of the delivery. In a speech calling for calm determination in the face of a bitter-sweet accomplishment, anything other than a calm delivery would be out of place - except in a Hollywood movie. In the beginning only very select people were sent to the colonies, because it was enormously expensive to transport and support them, so only people favored by the crown and parliament were sent. The "puritans" were extremist Protestants who were favored by the English parliament and crown. They saw the colonies as a way to create a pure Calvinist society untainted by the immorality and papism in the British isles. Later, after the English civil war especially, life became unpleasant for the Quakers (the Society of Friends) and large numbers of them immigrated for example in the 1660s. All of these people were quite well off, if not wealthy, due the huge cost of transport and the needs of paying for it themselves, without the assistance of the government or investors. Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson President of the United States, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested by the Constitution and in the name of the sovereign people of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare unconditionally and without reservation, to all and to every person who, directly or indirectly, participated in the late insurrection or rebellion a full pardon and amnesty for the offense of treason against the United States or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil war, with restoration of all rights, privileges, and immunities under the Constitution and the laws which have been made in pursuance thereof.