In practice, any court judgment in this situation would be indistinguishable from a unilateral political act. 

So, they have to be denied the right afforded to all other civilians to quit their jobs unilaterally, and this is most easily accommodated in the current legal environment by making them part of a uniformed service were precedents authorizing the inability to quit one's job notwithstanding the 13th Amendment are readily available and applicable. Also, the revolutionary doctrines of the 1979 revolution, while condemning the U.S. for supporting the Shah's regime, did not particular focus on the illegitimacy of the coup. So, there is no internal reason for Iranian courts to focus on this hook. If China did not strenuously object, even if it raised token objections, retaliating militarily could probably proceed in a scenario in which North Korea was an international orphan with no allies, and the U.S. and/or Japan had myriad allies willing to offer any necessary assistance if requested. And, of course, I know of no political system anywhere in which there is actually a legal obligation for elected officials to keep the promises that they make on the campaign trail - if there was, our jails would be absolutely packed with politicians. (8) Members of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Public Health Service, and other organizations, when assigned to and serving with the armed forces. Non-citizens are generally not entitled to welfare benefits governed by federal law. Exceptions apply for pregnant women seeking pregnancy related health care, and children seeking to attend public schools. A minority of U.S. states and many countries have a different process that allows minorities in the legislature and certain other officials to seek advisory opinions on the constitutionality of laws passed by a legislature before it takes effect. (1) submitted voluntarily to military authority; 

(B) on inactive-duty training, but in the case of members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States only when in Federal service. Conclusion The vast majority of legal systems in the world are based upon either the British Commonwealth system, or upon the civil law system of Europe, with borrowings from distinctly American legal processes being mostly piecemeal.