That same sense applies to 3). I would say that making sense is scientific, whether or not you get to the point of application. If nothing else, formal theoretical manipulation proceeding from shared intuition is mathematics, and that is still science of a sort. This means (to the degree it is true) that the choice of a new paradigm cannot be made in logical positivist terms, but must be made on the new paradigm's appeal to intuition or clarity. One could claim that modern Linguistics is the latest new science, the Chomsky school pulled a critical mass of it away from the anthropological model and into a framework that generates more testable hypotheses. And Chomsky is still alive. But maybe folks are thinking that while its progenitor is still alive, such a change may not be permanent. From a Kuhnian point of view, a group of definitions, statistics, and laws holds together into an organized whole, that he calls a paradigm. Paradigms shift, when the paradigm starts failing to cover known data, or begins to have odd limitations on its explanations. Realize that every religion is completely different from every other one at least in some minor way, or they would just merge (witness Congregationalists and Unitarian/Universalism) -- so generalizations about religion or understandings from other religions often either will not help, or will incite greater resistance The idea that the underlying core of quantum dynamics is randomness is known as the Copenhagen interpretation. It is the simplest one to lay out, but from the very beginning, it bothered people of a more idealistic bent. It is what drew the famous "The Old Man does not throw dice" quote from Einstein. Underlying randomness is not the only way to look at this. Theoreticians like Feynman and popularizers like Everett have proposed alternative ways of interpreting the effects. (An example of where they conflict: By the continuous standard you can estimate seventeen women from the neolithic era reproduced for every man, from a more 'punctuated' point of view, it is more likely three, with mass eradications of whole nations of men at regular intervals that left the corresponding women with heirs. This is the downside of patrilineality...) It isn't. It serves a different purpose, and although an unreasonable number of practitioners on either side do not realize this, it is made obvious by what changes them. Science changes to better predict reality, and religion changes to better protect identity. Of course, these boundaries do not align well. We know that in basic chemistry we are going to attend to acidity and temperature, rather than ion positions and Brownian motion. But addressing different specialities within the discipline of chemistry, say crystallization or the details of polar vs nonpolar solvents, we might be using one of the two more emergent concepts and one of the two more basic ones. The principle is internally inconsistent as a metaphysical principle: not all notions of 'general' can be equally objective, because we are someplace, and that place really will have some idiosyncratic properties. And picking and choosing which ones are most objective, just to favor the chosen explanations of our own physics, would violate the principle itself. Our place would be special in that it allowed us to truly see what was and was not special about it from experimental data.