Using Kanai's Cube Since patch 2.3 you can use Kanai's cube to get legendaries faster. If you have enough crafting materials and Horadric Cache materials this is by far the fastest way to gear up for a build. Basically you simply have to : If you are looking for good old hack n slash action, wait until you start running Nephalem Rifts which are designed exaclty for that purpose. Even though the number of enemy is not unlimited the density is really high and once you've complete a Nephalem Rift you can directly jump to another one and start slaying hundreds of mobs again. Reroll +8% Damage if you like having a high Attack Speed. This is my case. I have more than 2.8 Attacks per Second which brings a real comfort in-game regarding hatred generation and effect procs (like Night Stalker). I've recently tried to go up in higher Torment difficulties with my Demon Hunter. Despite my damage being good enough to fight, I always have trouble staying alive and especially during prolonged battles, when all my resources have been used. I have about 6M toughness : In the end it's your choice and both are good. You don't have to focus on the number displayed on the weapon but on the crits you actually do in the game and the frequency at which those crits appear. That's the difference between sheet DPS and effective DPS. They have the same toughness however B has 200 000 less HP which implies more armor and/or all resistance: but why does it matter ? The monster level is equivalent to the party leader level. If you join your level 20 friend's party with your level 60 character, you're going to have a good time, if it's the other way arround they might not have that much fun. Since 2.0 patch, elemental damage and +x% skill damage has became the bread and butter of every classes. Imagine you "lose" 10% damage by not using a 2 handed weapon but you gain 15% to blizzard on your off-hand, in the end you benefit more from it since you gain more damage. If you read the Marauder's 6 bonus it states : To further extend my answer, healing affixes are : Go in campaign mode and Select : Act V > Quest 6 The Battlefields of eternity > Subquest "Siege Runes" TP to the Abandonned Siege Camp and run to The Battlefields of Eternity You need to destroy two runes. The first one is always the same (and doesn't need to be killed). The second one, however, is random. You are looking for an enemy named Emikdeva who is part of the event The Demonic Prisoner. If the second rune is not guarded by Emikdeva : quit and restart. When you find him, you activate the rune. Then pull Emikdeva as far away from the rune location as you can (withou killng him) and die. When you respawn go back to the rune (without aggroing Emikdeva back with you) and start killing the minions that spawns arround the rune. As long as Emikdeva doesn't die, they'll respawn indefinitely. Slay monsters. Here's a short video I could find on youtube demonstrating this exact method :