This is probably a little more negative than it should be, as it sounds as though if the Anthropic Principle would be of no interest & vacuous if a possible mechanism hadn't been identified. after it is undeniable that the Anthopic argument was made well before the advent of String Theory. That the landscape in string theory offers a mechanism makes the argument concrete & scientific, but by the same token one should then assert that the argument was of philosophical interest before this possibility announced itself. 

Now, is there a good physical reason or philosophical reason for this to be dismissed as not sustainable? 

When Einstein came up with GR, the notion of an eternal universe was the prevailing opinion which is why he chose a static spacetime; it was Hubbles evidence that the universe was expanding - to be more specific every star was moving away from every other star that helped tip the balance towards the Big Bang theory. 

I've tried - he's difficult; and I find his mathematical orientation obfuscatiry; still his prefaces read well; and someone said, I can't now recall who; that most of philosophy is reading prefaces... 

I'd suggest that revelation; a revealing is considered as an event, singular by its definition; unrepeatable. 

Thus your statement should read: in solipsism, reality is constructed by your mind. 

The visual spectrum, for human beings, occupies only a very small section of the full electro-magnetic spectrum. 

It appears that existence as it is for Aristotle a Kantian category. 

Its worth also pointing out that religions, music and the arts are not falsifiable and encode metaphysics; they are meaningful, though not universally so. The correct scientific disposition towards them, is rather than dismissing them out of hand as not encoding verifiable principles; it is to understand their importance - that is anthropology in its widest sense - phenomenological rather than structural. 

In the Islamic tradition, God is said to be closer than ones jugular vein; but he is hidden behind a veil; In Suhrawardis philosophy/ontology of light, like Ibn Arabi there is an order of revelation; and (I'm speculating here) that understanding and inspiration is part of that order, as Socrates explained or suggested in Ion. 

This strikes me a little excessive in placing a clear gap between the theoretical posits of yester-years, even if they were a millenia ago, and of today. A string in string theory is after all, if you follow the history inspired by a string or a rope that anyone can pick up, the same equation describing its ideal form is used. This then, is not far removed from the 'ordinary experience' he mentions earlier. 

Hume posited a well known critique of causality that goes back to al-Ghazali - that there is no neccesary connection between a cause and an effect. 

Presumably this is how Kant is seen as a founder of German Idealism. 

Is Scruton correct in his characterisation of Kants Transcendental world? This is a different use of the word transcendent than I've come across before: There is his 'Transcendental Idealism' which distinguishes between the noumena (things-in-themselves) from phenomena; there is his 'Critical Philosophy' which is grounded epistemologically versus (the then traditional?) 'Transcendental Philosophy' which was grounded metaphysically. 

See "Existence" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence , although you will probably find more thorough literature on it under the arguments against the Ontological argument for the existence of God. For example: http://www.existence-of-god.com/ontological-objections.html (section labelled "Kant’s Objection to the Ontological Argument: Existence is not a Predicate") http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#Kant:_existence_is_not_a_predicate 

At this point, we've thus already answered your question. If the human brain is itself a machine, then of course we think machines can be seen as a "person". But if you insist that by "machine" you mean something other than man, then still, yes, it is theoretically possible to replicate the human mind using non-organic parts as long as you maintain the same logical feedback loops and the like. The content/structure (brain matter, cells, chemicals vs. metal circuits, electricity, etc.) does not matter in a deterministic system, only the logic they produce matters. 

For Kant, the answer is transcendental schema. To start, Wikipedia gives a decent overview: 

Other than saying that "the schema in itself is always only a product of the imagination", it doesn't appear it goes into much more depth than that. I think the paragraph in The Critique of Pure Reason just before the one you listed is most crucial for comprehending the concept of schema: 

What's the difference between arbitrarily high probability and certainty? This question briefly piqued my interest but upon pondering the idea, it quickly occurred to me to be a futile question, as I don't see how you could go anywhere with it. I don't see the advantage nor use of a logic that has no way of expressing necessity. Consider the following argument: 

I am beginning to work through After Finitude and am finding it difficult to grasp exactly what his critique consists in; it feels like there is a considerable degree of finesse here. I am basically trying to establish a concise statement of his criticism, including some help putting correlationism in context. 

Now, we know of course that Socrates did not refrain from commenting on the generally unreflective character of his fellow Athenians. This is really the heart of my question. Certain reactionary critics might suggest that it's all well and good to closely examine one's own beliefs and values, but why should you go about examining the beliefs and values of others? 

My sense of the hypothesis is that basically it isn't falsifiable or empirical; there is an analytic dimension to Bostrom's analysis here that simply can't be validated in any experimental way. Hence I don't think it poses a significant problem for scientific realism. 

A scientific belief simply cannot be justified by any other means than the various evidences produced by scientific analysis and experiment. I'm not sure it's fair to demand that a theory be absolutely true; rather it should predict things, solve problems, teach us to build things -- and ideally indicate further directions to explore.