Plucking of the eyebrows goes against the sunnah of the prophet and should not be done; much like getting a tattoo or lengthening the hair, it is considered a form of changing what Allah has created. There are a number of ahadith wherein the prophet has cursed those who attempt to beautify themselves with such actions, or to perform them on others. Here is one rather clear example narrated from Abdullah (Sahih Bukhari 5948): If the hunted animal is wounded rather than killed, such that you are able to find and slaughter it appropriately, then no special considerations need to be made beyond the regular requirements of dhabihah. 

Pure water by itself is fundamentally halal. If there are haram impurities involved, the water would also become haram; not because of the water itself, but because of what's in it. So, for example, if it was drawn from a small pool in which someone was storing their dead pig carcasses, we shouldn't drink it (most would chalk that up to common sense though). Insofar as nobody was witness to the actual event, or has clear proofs thereof, narrating such stories as fact is (inadvertently) claiming knowledge of the unseen; this is arrogance tantamount to shirk. However, exactly the same argument can be made against outright decrying it as false. In order to claim that anyone should, or should not, believe and narrate such a story depends on its veracity; if its veracity is indeterminate, so too is any attempt at ruling on it. 

A very important parallel can be made with the transmission of ahadith; while the two extremes (authentic vs fabricated) have rulings which are clearly understood, there are also various grades in between, in which the authenticity can be neither guaranteed nor dismissed out of hand. The prohibition inre the water is due to the fact that if the animal is found in the water, it is not known whether it was the arrow that killed it or if it died due to the water (e.g. drowning). Basically, as long as you speak bismillah on your weapon (arrows and dogs are mentioned, being the primary hunting tools at the time; the same reasoning can easily apply to guns and other modern weapons), and it is known that that weapon is what killed the animal, you may eat of it. It is important to note that classifying any hadith (or story) as weak is not the same as classifying it as false. Similarly, stories in which the authenticity is disputed — and as is often the case, impossible to verify — may (or may not) still be true. Such stories fall into the realm of al-Ghaib (the Unseen). 

Whether "...those who remove their face hairs..." refers to all hairs of the face or just the eyebrows rests on the translation of the Arabic word "al-naamisah". Although it can be literally interpreted to mean a woman who removes any of her facial hairs at all (rather than the eyebrows in particular), the common opinion is that al-naamisah refers only to women who pluck and shape their eyebrows for beautification and that plucking other facial hairs (such as, for women, those in the beard or mustache area) is acceptable.