One of my favorite books is The Moon is a Harsh Mistress by Robert Heinlein, who was a libertarian, a philosophy I don't particularly personally ascribe to. Some of his other books have been accused of being preachy on the subject. But in this book, the libertarian paradise at its heart is revealed to be critically unsustainable, and in the end, is destroyed by the heroes, even though they love it. 

This suggested improvement paints you as a person who is grateful for the consideration others show to you, and respectful of those with advanced professional accomplishments. 

I would suggest both the book and movie version of Remains of the Day as good studies for this --the main character is an ultra-repressed English butler with an obsession with being perfect at all times. The only moment in the movie where his emotions really break through is when he drops and breaks a vintage bottle of wine. It's significant only in context --it's the only time you see him not be perfect. But just because of that, it's a very memorable and tense moment. You also might find this essay relevant (Beyoncé, from her Lemonade album). 

If you do use them, be aware that they will give your writing a professorial tone. I also wouldn't personally use them in the examples you gave in the comments (you might want to edit those into your question), so I would say that your friend has given you good advice. 

Conceptually speaking, besides these devices, how do you give your audience information that they shouldn't have to ask for if they lived in the world of the story? 

The only other way I can think of to give the user the information is, well, not to give it. Have the characters act the way they would in an everyday situation where everyone knows the thing the audience doesn't, and the audience just has to come along for the ride and pick up the fact by context. 

When writing fiction, especially in universes other than our own such as sci-fi/fantasy genres, the reader often has to be given a piece of information about how the world works in order for what's coming up to make sense. However, this piece of information should be common knowledge to the characters in the story. 

In narrative voice, such as writing a novel in storytelling style, it's often sufficient to simply drop in a footnote paragraph, allowing the narrator to explain as if the reader were standing next to the narrator watching the scene unfold. It functions, if you can keep it short to avoid taking the audience too far away from the plot; if you need two pages, inlining it into a conversation between your characters probably isn't the way. However, in screenwriting, you often don't have the luxury of this device; one of the characters simply has to say it. There really are only two main ways I know of to give the information: