He (Imam Sadiq (a.s.)) responded: Yes. You should pay attention that it is not obligatory (Wajib) to perform wudu either. Since the haram practice is touching of Quran directly. Based on my research, I concluded that: So, the verse below (4:93) could be related with that story: Those kinds of Alcohols such as ethanol and methanol which essentially are considered as poisonous matters and are not drinkable, are clean (not Najis) and are not considered as haram drinks till the time that they have not changed to the diluted drinks (and not to be alcoholic liquor or intoxicant). (Of course from another aspect we have to notice that whatever is harmful for the body, totally is counted as haram practice). In truth, it won't be considered as a haram business in case that the software which you are developing isn't counted as a part of any haram goal. Therefore by paying heed to this issue, it can be declared that it can be permissible. According to the traditions, dying hairs of head and face (beard) is Mustahab (recommended) by henna (or black colour). In fact, it is not Haram and even it is recommended in the narrations. You can read a fatwa here about it. This is the hadith which scholars say means that if someone is forced to pay a bribe, it's ok and the one who takes it will be sinning. According to this fatwa, the answer to this question is no, it's not wrong. According to the fatwa listed below, you shouldn't work for them because of this ayah in the quran: The Prophet said, "Allah created Adam, making him 60 cubits tall. When He created him, He said to him, "Go and greet that group of angels, and listen to their reply, for it will be your greeting (salutation) and the greeting (salutations of your offspring." So, Adam said (to the angels), As-Salamu Alaikum (i.e. Peace be upon you). The angels said, "As-salamu Alaika wa Rahmatu-l-lahi" (i.e. Peace and Allah's Mercy be upon you). Thus the angels added to Adam's salutation the expression, 'Wa Rahmatu-l-lahi,' Any person who will enter Paradise will resemble Adam (in appearance and figure). People have been decreasing in stature since Adam's creation. But still, we muslims agree that we give more emphasis to the two aspects 'allowed' or 'prohibited' even for small things. The reason is the fear of getting astray through minor sins. So, If you did eat it unknowingly, you just have to repent before Allah and promise him that you will try maximum not to commit it again, even accidentally, and also seek His guidance and help. Take the following verses from the Holy Qur'an: There is no religion on this world without these two key aspects. Not only religions, the law of every country/place is based on these. Let us study the ayaths as follows: Muslims who use gadgets (Mobile phones, Video/Audio players) also use them to listen to Qur'an. Since our gadgets are now transformed into casings that holds Qur'an, It is not only muslims, people of every religion give emphasis to halaal and haraam. Halaal is just an Arabic word for what is lawful and encouraged. Haraam is just an Arabic word for what is sinful and prohibited. As pointed out, these two are just the extremities. A lot of categories and subcategories come between these two (read this and this).