Second, it does have big Atlantic coastal cities... by French standards. But even with all that, France just isn't very Atlantic-centric and that's where it's history comes in. When cities in France were being founded there was nobody to trade with across the Atlantic. Gaul (what the Romans called the area) was conquered by the Romans in 51 BC and by the time Europeans started trading with America France had already established her cities for a thousand years. Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. Austro-Hungarian Ambassador László Szőgyény's report from Germany. Her oceanic trading partners would be to the north (Britain, Norway, Germany, Baltic States, Russia) or to the south (Italy, North Africa, Balkans, Ottoman Empire). Being a continental nation inland trading along rivers was more important. Of the 10 most populous cities in France, 5 are on inland rivers (Lille, Paris, Lyon, Toulouse, and Strasbourg), 3 are on the south coast (Nice, Montpellier, Marseille), and 2 are on the Atlantic (Bordeaux, Nantes). Italy is the woman with long hair and white/turquoise dress, laying down a bear trap. The woman in the centre is Rome, that embraces/shields herself the coat of arms of the Savoy kings (of Italy). She feeds bread to a dog who is chained to the Papal seat: it is in fact on this chain that the pope tripped. This is a rough translation (work in progress). Notice that the text is rhymed, and some of it (I find ) it is illegible. 8 Poland \\ Tied in shackles, at the feet of her tyrants \\ The name of Nation honours her no more... \\ She can't rise up! She can't avenge herself \\ Who carries like a mule, deserves to be beaten The map is certainly filled with irony against other people struggling for their independence. Greece watches in a mirror looking for her long lost teeth; other nations in the Balkans are depicted as sheep: Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Bulgaria Poland is the woman chained to Austria, Prussia and the Russian Nobleman. The French "monster" is dead (Sedan, 1870) and smaller monsters rejoice over this fact. One of them is clearly a priest, the other a republican. Great Britain is despised, probably for her meddling in Sardinia and Sicily (23) Second, it does have big Atlantic coastal cities... by French standards. Her oceanic trading partners would be to the north (Britain, Norway, Germany, Baltic States, Russia) or to the south (Italy, North Africa, Balkans, Ottoman Empire). Being a continental nation inland trading along rivers was more important. Of the 10 most populous cities in France, 5 are on inland rivers (Lille, Paris, Lyon, Toulouse, and Strasbourg), 3 are on the south coast (Nice, Montpellier, Marseille), and 2 are on the Atlantic (Bordeaux, Nantes). Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. But even with all that, France just isn't very Atlantic-centric and that's where it's history comes in. When cities in France were being founded there was nobody to trade with across the Atlantic. Gaul (what the Romans called the area) was conquered by the Romans in 51 BC and by the time Europeans started trading with America France had already established her cities for a thousand years. 8 Poland \\ Tied in shackles, at the feet of her tyrants \\ The name of Nation honours her no more... \\ She can't rise up! She can't avenge herself \\ Who carries like a mule, deserves to be beaten If the meaning of 4. seems obscure, you are in good company. Perhaps it refers to the futility of Ireland's politics. Arguably the Catholic Irish did not approve the Italian conquest of the Papal States (1870). The Russian nobleman (I think) has Poland on a chain. At his feet, the serfs rejoice for the recent abolition of the feudal serfdom (Czar Alexander) The map is certainly filled with irony against other people struggling for their independence. Greece watches in a mirror looking for her long lost teeth; other nations in the Balkans are depicted as sheep: Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Bulgaria 3 Finland \\ Even among bears the priestly tail \\ Attempts to place herself and summon factions \\ But only those nations accept it \\ Where fools and ignorants are trendy Poland is the woman chained to Austria, Prussia and the Russian Nobleman.