In my experience, the questions which are in need of protection are those which have many deleted answers, as stated in the privilege page. 

I think that currently we only need one reviewer per post. On SO, at least, this number can be raised significantly. Up to 3 or even 5. Since the FP queue is usually empty, we won't have any problems with more reviews needed per post. 

I have passed 3500 reputation on a beta site, so I have both access to the 10K tools and the ability to protect things. 

On posts with a positive score, the very low quality flag option isn't enabled. This is great for many instances - if a post is +7, it's most likely high quality. We don't want unexperienced users flagging those. 

The Edit option already knows when you are only performing a Retag - and it pops up an annoying message like "use the Retag option instead". If it's already that smart, why can't it automatically reroute the retag through to the right action? - and have them instantly applied, just like the old Retag option would. 

I commented on this also, although not from the point of view of startups. 

Location seems like something worth adding here. 

Now as much as I hate recruitment agents (95% of them are utterly useless and actually impede getting the right person) they do do something: they filter candidates (often badly but still...), act as an umbrella (for insurance purposes and payroll) for contractors and the like. 

Obviously Jeff and Joel think they've got a fairly lucrative audience (for employers) with tie-ins to the already successful Joel job boards. I think they may be overvaluing the association with SO because ultimately that association is simply a URL to your profile. I haven't seen the employer's search but if it also includes searches that use your contributions against different tags as some kind of criteria then obviously that isn't something easily reproducible elsewhere. 

Consider the Joel on Software job board, where you pay ~$350 for an ad and nothing as a candidate. Will the market on SO Careers be sufficiently bigger or better? I have my doubts. After all, what does SO Careers offer really? A link to your profile? I can put that on my CV in any case. 

Why don't we make the Reject button on audits automagically pass the audit? That would bring us down to only 2 clicks - much better. 

This could be improved even further by making the check for: 

I would expect it to give all the negatively scored posts - there is a minus sign in there. 

That's 4 clicks. On the other queues, it only takes one click minimum to pass an audit - usually a downvote. 

I recently found a guy mass-plagiarizing tag wikis. The problem is, he had more than 2,000 reputation and thus a moderator couldn't manually ban him from suggesting edits. 

There are other potential problems associated with questions generating many deleted answers: 

Second, part of your request is kind of already in place. If you don't explicitly award the bounty after 8 days, then the system will award half of the bounty to the highest voted answer posted during the bounty period (as long as it has a net score of at least +2). 

The Edit option already knows when you are only performing a Retag - and it pops up an annoying message like "use the Retag option instead". If it's already that smart, why can't it automatically reroute the retag through to the right action? - and have them instantly applied, just like the old Retag option would.