There is a rarely used legal action called quo warranto that provides precedents at the sub-national level and in British history, within the court system, in the extremely rare cases where court intervention has been necessary, and if the need arose, those precedents could be invoked by the federal courts if a President removed from office in the impeachment process refused to leave voluntarily in a prompt and reasonable manner. 

But, care that stabilizes your condition from an ER is not sufficient to keep people alive. Therefore, some people who lose Medicaid will die from lack of access to health care. 

Directing an ICBM at or over another sovereign nation's territory, even if it is intended as a warning shot or a way of demonstrating a credible threat, could be determined by the offended countries to be an act of war that would justify declaring all out war on the offending country. The U.S., Japan, and any of their respective allies could join this cause if they saw fit based upon a threat directed at any one of them. 

Australia allows appeals from acquittals in some kinds of cases but not others, while Canada and New Zealand, also have some kinds of cases, at least, where appeals from acquittals are not permitted, according to this Australian commission report. Canadian sources state that acquittals can be appealed in Canada, but only on much more limited grounds (it cannot argue that the verdict was not supported by the evidence) than appeals by defendants stating: 

I've recalculated the data for the Electoral College stats as of 2016, taken from Wikipedia. The result is 22%, full explanation below. 

It provides for a lot more freedoms than are available through the constitution in other countries. Let's have a look at the first 10 amendments, a.k.a. the Bill of Rights: 

If you don't have the will or the opportunity to start a revolution then the answer is you can't. Wherever you are in the world, you'll be at the whim of local authorities as governmental entities control more or less 100% of all habitable land. Even if you live out in the woods of Alaska as suggested in another answer you would still be under the jurisdiction of an organized militia that doesn't care in the slightest about your beliefs. 

Because the US constitution allows them to set their own rules for the allocation of delegates. Or to be precise, it doesn't explicitely forbid it and therefore the Tenth Amendment comes into play: 

[1] - Ironically, many true liberals in classical liberalism sense are currently trying to re-brand things back, by reclaiming "liberal" label for their left-libertarian positions (one of the most notable examples is Dave Rubin), while branding former-progressives-now-called-"liberals" as "progressive" again, on the basis that current US progressive movement is claimed by many to be against many individual rights and the basis of classical liberalism 

Yes, this approach may have hurt some "moderate" (or as he would say, "loser"), candidate from GOP. I don't realistically see it hurting Trump. 

“As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, I am keenly aware that the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons is an issue of grave importance to all nations. Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process.” — Nancy Pelosi, December 16, 1998 

Where's their forecast for House of Representatives? 

Reading comments on previous question (about faithless electors replacing VP), one sentiment expressed was that there's pretty much no way to undo anything that faithless electors do if they choose not to obey the electoral votes. 

Mohammad Fazl served as Chief of Staff of the Taliban Army. He was associated with terrorist groups opposing US and Coalition forces. According to documents from the Joint Task Force Guantánamo, Fazl is "wanted by the UN for possible War crimes including the murder of thousands of Shiites" 

The former goal dovetails neatly with your timeline - Sunnis (AQ especially) had a heavy boost of grievances on the topic ever since there was heavy US presence in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia because of Saddam's 1991 adventure in oil-grabbing. OBL very explicitly called out US bases in KSA as a reason for the attacks by AQ.