Even if this was not asked there are also imams who have some deputy imam they pay half their earnings to lead congregation instead of them this is also considered as not allowed, as such an imam seems to do commerce with his "position". I just read about it here. 

is speaking about clothes such as trousers, dejllabas, the covers worn by pilgrims (for hajj) etc. which are long and loose types of clothing (Izar). Socks are not even meant in this hadith, see also this ahadith from sunan abi Dawod, sunan an-Nasa-i, sunan ibn Majah, al-Muwatta' and sahih al-Bukhari which should make clear that what is meant with a lower garment is either some kind of clothes which may refer to clothes which go down at least from the pelvic bone and "hang down" (it could also refer to what we may call underwear or nightgowns nowadays)! A 3rd point could also be: Is it acceptable to repeat a janazah prayer? As if the women performed it the prayer in a mosque or elsewhere would be a repetition. The answer for that it is allowed with details for madhabs, some wouldn't allow it others would say it is allowed, but one shouldn't redo this prayer for the same janazah! 

“The Tarawih prayers are an emphasized Sunna, due to the continued practice of the rightly guided Caliphs, for both men and women… It is a communal Sunna (sunna ala ‘l-kifaya), however, [for men] to perform them in congregation according to the sounder opinion. As such, if the [entire] community of the Mosque abandoned the congregation, they would all be sinful, unless if only some members of the community abandoned it [in which case no one will be sinful]. And any prayer for which congregation is prescribed; it is more virtuous to perform that prayer in the Mosque.” 4- All Attributes of Allah Swt are immortal.(Ghair mumkin ul Fana) 

In Modern era there are lots of ways to figure out the timings of prayers unlike earlier era we are not only dependant on shadows and stars,lots of applications in devices ,some softwares ,these could help us in identifying correct prayer timings however if someone is in a situation when he is not aware of the time and he prays just by his own sense visualizing Sun or darkness/brightness and this was not his routine like may be one time or second so Allah Swt is Raheem could be acceptable So Martyrs are not above the level of Prophets so when they are alive how come we could not assume such about Prophets as well by the above clear hadith. 

All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. Imam Haskafi (Allah have mercy on him) states: 

2- All attributes of Allah Swt are forever.(Abadi)* 

It was narrated from Anas that: The Prophet (ﷺ) said: "I passed by the grave of Musa, peace be upon him, and he was praying in his grave."(Nasai) 

Ibn Umar narrated that : Allah's Messenger said: "The beginning of the time for Salat is pleasing to Allah, and the end of its time is pardoned by Allah."(At Tirmidhi) 

Question: How can a new Muslim fit in when praying in a mosque in Iran? 

Shia Muslims pray with their hands by their sides. (As per What are the major differences between Sunni and Shi'i prayer?) 

(AskImam.org write: "The first hadith is a mursal narration. All the narrators in it are reliable. Mursal narrations are accepted by the Hanafi Jurists.") and 

As a new Muslim, I learned how to pray from a YouTube video entitled Women's prayer according to Qur'an and Sunnah. Turns out, I learned how to pray from a cute Hanafi girl. The video answers your question, and even addresses the exact hadith you mention: 

These two items are possibly enough to be able to fit in, but I'm unsure if I'm missing something. I'm not going to be capable of reciting Arabic, other than al Fatiha (and al Humazah now) and the tashahhud. Throughout the video, it gives step-by-step instructions and relevant references. For example: 

Question: Is there an Islamic basis to waiting five minutes after eating before praying? I'm seeking beginner-level ("do this and you'll be fine") instructions for being able to pray in Iranian mosques without complications. I want to stay away from the Shia-Sunni politics. 

Note i have changed the transliteration or added some additions in it when they were different then in my reference or lack some words. 

I'll translate only the necessary part: 

This hadith shows that both options seem to have been witnessed, but the fact that the option of putting one hand on an other is secondly quoted might indicate that it was not the most common one! Here are my References (all in Arabic so far): 

The short answer is as Laconic said: If you prayed your prayers without noticing that you have ejaculated you should re-do all of them, after performing ghusl (having a bath or shower) once you found out that you have been praying in this state. Because cleanliness (tahara) is a major condition for the validity of your prayers! So your prayers are void unless you perform ghusl after janabah (ejaculation in your case). Performing seven takbiraat including the takbirat al-Ihram. In the second rak'a performing six takbiraat including the takbir to stand up to start the rak'a! References for this view are in al-Muwatta' on the authority of ibn 'Omar () and sunan abi Dawod on the authority of Abdullah ibn 'Amr () and also in sunan abi Dawod on the authority of 'Aisha () 

There are evidences for two rak'a after jumu'ah: Even if this was not asked there are also imams who have some deputy imam they pay half their earnings to lead congregation instead of them this is also considered as not allowed, as such an imam seems to do commerce with his "position". I just read about it here. 

One reason which seems clear is if the imam loses his purity, but i have never heard of an evidence for that and would know how this would be handled. While for the ma'mums there's a clear hadith.