Rather than saying "God is love," for example, the preferred thought would be "God is not hate." Thinking of it graphically, to say God is Love, is to pigeonhole him in a circle that is "Love." To say, "God is not Hate" or "God does not hate," on the other hand, draws a circle around that which does not describe him, and assume he is everything else. 

The text itself, as you point out only says: 

Churches as institutions have economies of scale that can more efficiently distribute aid. (Think Compassion International, Catholic Charities of America, the Salvation Army, etc...) [1] 

What you have described is the essence of what is known as "apophatic theology" or the via negativa. It is especially popular in Eastern Orthodox circles. 

On the other hand, there are places where God "changes his mind" (Exodus 32 / Numbers 16) and even "regrets" making humanity (Genesis 6:6 - translated repents in the KJV!) but fundamentally the question is this: 

That said, C.S. Lewis has a very definite idea in mind when he says "Infinite Joy". In The Weight of Glory he writes: 

Historically, one of the attributes of God that provided the most comfort to many people was his unchanging nature - God is "the same, yesterday, today, and tomorrow." (Hebrews 13:8) Additionally, Malachi 3:3 says, "I am the Lord, I do not change." and Numbers 23:19 reminds us that God is not a man, and thus does not "repent". This doctrine of God's immutability gave solace to those, frankly, frightened of a changing world. 

Not all acts of relief require economies of scale, however, so sometimes direct aid can bypass administrative costs. 

As such, the question is, how to best use that money to do so. 

Whether or not this theory has any merit, it was historically understood to be the case. 

25 And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren. 26 And he said, Blessed be the Lord God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. 27 God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant. 

Thus, the question is not "What does God prefer?" but rather, "What makes the most sense.' 

First and foremost, I should admit that if the canon ever gets re-opened, The Great Divorce is my vote for book #67. :) 

Offerings were free-will gifts (one could even call this "alms") above and beyond required "taxes" that could help in immediate cases. 

The curses in Genesis 9 were thus seen to have been fulfilled: 

What is different, however, is that Moses wanted to see God's full Shekinah Glory. He wanted the unmediated experience of seeing God in his fullness. 

Tithes were a levied tax in Ancient Israel to support the church, separate from the government. These tithes ensured there was a synagogoue in place that could, amongst its other activities, coordinate good works. 

Does the God of the Bible change and grow, as say, a progressive theologian (or is that process theologian I forget!) would maintain, or is God's constancy his defining characteristic? 

John 1:14 goes on to say that this is Jesus. 

For a trickster who had disguised himself once to fool his own father, Jacob would have understood a disguise. There's nothing supernatural here in being able to realize that someone is way more than he looks like on the surface. 

This idea - that joy is an echo of heaven is more thoroughly developed here, and is often referred to as Sehnsucht.