Even better would be each item listed with the correct Catholic terminology with a layman's or potestnt synonym... Like Cardinal Walter Kasper of Germany, a close ally of the Pope, has proposed allowing the divorced and remarried to take Holy Communion, something presently banned in the Church. However, it is one thing to say that the Catholic Church teaches things that are "wrong", and quite another to make a blanket statement that Catholics aren't Christians. I'm going to attempt to answer this in a way that is truthful, and accurate, but maybe not exactly what you're looking for. 

The way I understand it, the teaching is that the Priest is just a man, not a supernatural being with the power to forgive sins on his own, but when acing under the authority of the Church, which, in turn has been given authority from Christ, and when the Priest is acting in harmony with Christ's instructions, then he has the power to absolve since through the means described and established by the Church in Christ's authority. 

An entire book could be written on this subject alone, but some differences include: Of course, as usual, not all Baptists agree on interpreting history this way. The Baptist History and Heritage Society, for example, flat out refutes the teaching. Not all people look at it with the same point of view. Some would call it revisionist history, and some would call it a deliberate misinterpretation of history, or a flawed interpretation of the historical facts. (Which is ironic, considering how strongly the concept of "correct interpretation" is to those of us who self-identify as Baptists and Fundamentalists.) 

The Church Fathers, of course, agreed, and loudly declared the fact that God is an unchangeable, immaterial spirit who has an entirely simple ("incomposite") nature A good reference for this is the Athenasian Creed: Legally in most places a marriage that would have been illegal if the facts were known is automatically anulled - in other words it is deemed never to have taken place. Here is a page about it from Californian law.. 

Source: http://www.catholic.com/tracts/god-has-no-body Other organizations can also have an input. I was part of one congregation where the choice of name was vetoed (or at least recommended against) by the Fire Department, on the grounds that there was already a church with that name in the town, and the fire trucks might be dispatched to the wrong one. In this specific case "Saint Luke" was the preferred name, since the church was to share a building with a medical centre (St. Luke was a doctor). However in the end "Saint Francis" was chosen. 

Do washing feet and the Eucharist have anything to do with each other? What could have made John write about washing feet and not what so certainly stuck out in the minds of the other Gospel authors and St. Paul. 

And in time of need, it is valid for anyone to baptize anyone else. For instance, if you were in a really bad accident and I came upon you and said, "boy, you look pretty rough are you ready to meet the Lord" and you said, "Lord who?" and I, while dressing the wounds of your mangled body, managed to convince you of the truths of the Catholic Church and you decided that you wanted to die a Christian, I could baptize you and even if you managed to live, you wouldn't need to be re-baptized. 

See: Catholic Church and Conversion and Why I am A Catholic and The God With the Golden Key 

The Hail Mary is one in a collection of Marian Antiphons found in the liturgy of the Hours (Book of Christian Prayer).