The speech from Merkel was held in a Bierzelt and is part of a political campaign for this years election. Trump is strongly disliked in Germany, even among members of Merkels right-wing CDU (~6% approval and 80% disapproval), so it makes sense for her to take a strong stance. 

Some lawmakers have also directly stated that the goal of voter id laws is not to fight (practically non-existent) voter fraud, but to discriminate against minorities who are unlikely to vote for them: 

Fox News makes the same assumption: 

But it would be an altogether different matter if Trump pardoned Arpaio for willfully refusing to follow the Constitution and violating the rights of people inside the U.S. 

CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: 

[I]f the president signals to government agents that there exists the likelihood of a pardon when they violate a judicial injunction that blocks his policies, he can all too easily circumvent the only effective means of enforcing constitutional restrictions on his behavior. Indeed, the president could even secretly promise a pardon to agents if they undertake illegal activity he desires. [...] 

Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: 

In fact, this was actually an issue in the election of 2000. While Dick Cheney had been a member of Congress from Wyoming, he was, in the year 2000, arguably a resident of Texas since he had property there. George W. Bush, governor of the same state, was as well. 

The House has the power to bring articles of Impeachment (i.e. start the proceedings) 

In order to avoid the prohibition in the 12th amendment, Cheney had to quickly change his residency back to Wyoming (and sell his property), in order to avoid a lawsuit that had been filed. Eventually, a three-judge panel ruled that Cheney was, in fact, resident in Wyoming. 

As such, while it is an interesting idea, in practice, I don't think to could happen without a change to the rules. 

Additionally, as we all know, the Lemon Test prohibits the United States government from enacting laws that "have the primary effect of either advancing or inhibiting religion." 

Technically, all but the three votes Greeley received were those of faithless electors - but this was mostly arrived at by consensus. (And, interestingly, the three faithful electors actually had their votes ultimately voided by Congress.) No law was needed, no procedure was broken, because these electors were able to respond to the situation and use their votes logically. It is probably one of the few times that most historians would point to as the electoral college actually preventing a crisis rather than creating one. 

In some instances, tax credits can result in you getting back more money than you spend. Famously, 47% of American taxpayers paid no federal tax. Indeed, with the Earned Income Tax Credit, many families will get back more than they paid causing them, as Planet Money says "to love Tax Day". Along with WIC, it is a major way to actually dole out "welfare." 

In a nutshell, this says that each chamber needs to adopt its own rules. And, at the beginning of each session, they do. The rules of the House for example, are here. The first order of business is to elect a speaker, the second is to adopt the rules. The rules are usually written by the majority (although with the knowledge that one day, the tables will be turned), and agreed to by the house. A simple majority is all that is required. 

Internationalization typically proceeds not by fiat, but by custom. As a result, American measurements within the device and external to the device, were initially English measurement. As regulation evolved, the custom stuck in order to avoid confusion - as evidenced by the fact that when a Russian pilot lands at a Russian airport, the conversation is still held (at least in theory) in English. (Note: This is the regulation - not always the actual practice)