In Kalmykia 37.6% of population is Buddhist (being the largest religious group there), another 3% belong to Tengrism and shamanism. The non-Chechen population was expelled from Chechnya and their homes and possessions were seized. In Khakassia Tengrism makes up 2%. They used measures implemented in Tsarist Russia (not too far from the Nazi epoch) After Dudayev was killed, a new president Maskhadov was elected. He was known for signing a peace treaty with Moscow and was supported by the Russian media in hope he would be a moderate leader. This suggests that the Chechens in general did not want a war. It turned out later that Maskhadov either supported the Jihadists and terrorists or was unable to do anything to control the situation, so the accords he signed were broken. Note that the Baltic states currently use a similar legislation against Russians, that is all people who gained citizenship after 1940 were stripped of their citizenship, because in their view the incorporation in the USSR was illegal. (The Universal Declaration of Human rights in Article 15 forbids stripping people from citizenship, so one needs to find some "legal mistatke" in the past so to deprive a mass of people from their citizenship). Ahtisaari (again moves the hand over the table): We will do it to Belgrade. In less than a week there will be half a million dead. Belorussia means "White Russia" in Russian. Rus' (the final consonant should be soft) is the ancient name of the East Slavic state centered around Kiev. Belarus thus can be interpreted as "White Rus'" The ancient lifestyle of most of these people, and especially, of Chechens was making raids on neighboring settlements, capturing horses, and hostages for a ransom. They had no agriculture and very little husbandry. This was quite intolerable. In Udmurtia 2% belongs to Udmurt Vos. It seems to me that many Russian nationalists and neo-paganists currently believe that swastika was a Solar symbol or a symbol of fortune in ancient Slavic folklore. Also terrorism was widely used in Russian politics. Surprisingly many and most bloody terrorist acts happened before the Russian elections which hinted at some connection between the terrorists and the opposition politicians such as Berezovsky (who already participated in hostage trade with the Chechens earlier). They provided parallels with the treatment of American Indians, especially, the reservations At the time, racial segregation was common in the US and in British colonies, so Germans thought such segregation would be justified for Germany as well. In Dagestan, 2% belong to Caucasian folk religion. But the casus belli for the second war was that the militants from Chechnya assaulted Dagestan in hope to capture it and trigger the creation of Caucasian Islamic emirate that would span the entire North Caucasus. The reasons for the second Chechen war were the same but the following reasons added: For example, they claimed that at the proclamation of the German Empire in 1871 there was a legal mistake, and the people of Jewish faith were not granted the citizenship. As such, all people who (or whose ancestors) had Jewish faith by 1871 were stripped of their citizenship. The legislation did not look racist at the surface because people of known Jewish ancestry whose ancestors converted to Christianity before 1871 were kept with full rights.