The term picture theory of meaning refers to Wittgenstein’s description of language in his book Tractatus logico-philosophicus. From its 7 main propositions number 4 and its sub-propositions deal with language. Secondly, it depends on both the object and the light which strikes the surface, which mix of wavelenghts is reflected into our eyes. Both laws are equivalent in propositional logic, which can be proved by inspecting their truth-tables. Note. I revised my previous answer due to the discussion with Zane and Pé de Leão. For me a statement like "nature is absurd" is not senseful. Nature, i.e. real objects and facts, just are. Only the difference between certain propositions can be absurd. E.g., the gap between the propositions valid in every-day life and the insights of quantum electrodynamics or quantum mechanics in general. Hence, please indicate a reference to Feynman's quote to learn about the context of his statement. Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. An antinomy violates "non(A and non-A)", the law of noncontradiction. An antinomy proves "A" and also "non-A". Proposition 4.1: “The proposition is a picture of reality. The proposition is a model of the reality as we think it is. (= Der Satz ist ein Bild der Wirklichkeit. Der Satz ist ein Modell der Wirklichkeit, so wie wir sie uns denken.)“ At least the following researchers have a solid background in both philosophy and neuroscience: I pick out some details from your question - unfortunately I did not understand all. Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. Kripke is discussing section 193 of Philosophical Investigations, where Wittgenstein draws a distinction between a machine as an idealized symbol of a rule-following or law-governed mechanism, and a machine as a real object whose behaviours and operations are subject to failure. Wittgenstein here was particularly concerned with trying to shed light on the concept of rule-following, the idea that following a rule means we somehow grasp all the infinite instances of behavior that could be thought to be in accord with the rule. He was saying that the instances are not mysteriously contained 'in' the rule, but rather the idea of a rule is an idealization and to be understood as more like a general ability represented by specific behaviors than an infinite number of possible occurrences. Kripke's discussion of Wittgenstein on rule-following is notoriously idiosyncratic, and seems overly concerned with reading into W a 'skeptical' method, a reading which has been very controversial. For an alternative, detailed analysis of W on rule following, Baker and Hacker's Language, Rules and Necessity remains the locus classicus. This could apply to functionalism, one of the traditional tenets of which is that dispositions to behavior are encoded in actual brain states. (It is possible that forms of functionalism can be characterized without reference to brain states, but I do not know of anyone who has actually suggested this). That is to suggest there are actual states in the brain which encode or contain 'in' them an infinite number of possible behavioral outputs. This is the same basic error as thinking of rules as mysteriously 'containing' their instances. Naturally, Wittgenstein does not himself mention functionalism, which originated after his death. Hilary Putnam, more influenced by logical positivism than the later Wittgenstein, was its chief advocate, though he himself later abandoned it. Secondly, it depends on both the object and the light which strikes the surface, which mix of wavelenghts is reflected into our eyes. At least the following researchers have a solid background in both philosophy and neuroscience: I even favor the view that the neurobiological substrate of beliefs are exactly such representational states. Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. An antinomy violates "non(A and non-A)", the law of noncontradiction. An antinomy proves "A" and also "non-A". To think means in according to a classical definition The problem from the quote is to derive a person's thoughts [2] from non-mental indicators [4] or shortly "to read someone's mind". All objects where I can act upon without getting such feedback, they form my environment. Note. I revised my previous answer due to the discussion with Zane and Pé de Leão. Those objects where I can act upon and get a sensual feedback, they form my body. I see my foot, touch it with my hand and have a corresponding preception. The term picture theory of meaning refers to Wittgenstein’s description of language in his book Tractatus logico-philosophicus. From its 7 main propositions number 4 and its sub-propositions deal with language. Light is an electromagnetic wave like radiowaves. The only difference is their wavelength. We cannot detect any difference between radio waves in addition to their physical properties like wavelength, polarisation or intensity. Hence there is no evidence for colour as an intrinsic physical property. Proposition 4.1: “The proposition is a picture of reality. The proposition is a model of the reality as we think it is. (= Der Satz ist ein Bild der Wirklichkeit. Der Satz ist ein Modell der Wirklichkeit, so wie wir sie uns denken.)“ For me a statement like "nature is absurd" is not senseful. Nature, i.e. real objects and facts, just are. Only the difference between certain propositions can be absurd. E.g., the gap between the propositions valid in every-day life and the insights of quantum electrodynamics or quantum mechanics in general. Hence, please indicate a reference to Feynman's quote to learn about the context of his statement. I pick out some details from your question - unfortunately I did not understand all. The truth value and certainty are independent concepts. A person can be certain about a proposition, but the proposition is false. A long time everybody was certain: The sun revolves around the earth. Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. Both laws are equivalent in propositional logic, which can be proved by inspecting their truth-tables.