That's an extreme simplification though. You may have some fold equity by pushing. He may check/fold some rivers or if he doesn't have a heart he may check and allow you to check behind on a heart river. In those situations you lose some value by not getting his chips in on the flop. 

My initial reaction when reading this hand was that a push was the easy play. After thinking about it a little, I'm not sure that it's so clear. Make no mistake, a push is absolutely a good, profitable play, but maybe just calling is better for the following reason: given his range, (which btw, I think is too tight--you shouldn't ever totally discount other possibilities even if they are low probability), there are very few if any non-heart cards that could fall on the river to prevent your opponent from paying you off (maybe an ace if he has KK as in this hand). 

Assume that there's a good chance he's bluffing: you still don't have a good play going forward and it's going to cost a lot to find out. If you call, do you really think he'll check the river? If you raise, it will be effectively for the rest of your stack because you can no longer really fold, so is it worth it? After all, a raise here by you plays the same way as a bluff since only better hands will call. Wellll, maybe he'd call with a worse hand but one that has equity, and maybe you have some outs, but the odds of these scenarios are less likely and still nothing to feel good about for a best case scenario. 

I think the continuation bet is right post flop usually, but your stack size I think means you need to either push all-in or check-(call/fold). Against one opponent I would push in this instance. Considering the second opponent here is the BB-special, I'd probably still push. It's unlikely they've hit the Queen, and you've just got to hope your caller on the button isn't sitting on high pockets or has hit the queen. Perhaps the button caller has a wideish range because they've got position and are unlikely to be re-raised in this spot. 

I think AT is the worse hand you call with in this situation. I'd throw away KT (unless I had a flush draw), but AT is decent. It's just too easy here for villain to push if you're folding 2nd top pair with top kicker. I'd call unless villain generally doesn't bluff. With 1100 in the pot pre-flop, and a stack of 7775, you're probably in push fold territory. Push here and steal the blinds. If there was no ante, a raise to 1400 to steal 600 still gives you room to fold to a 3-bet whilst being strong enough to make the BB think seriously about calling. If they do call, you're in push/fold on the flop. Raising to only 1000 pre-flop I think makes the button assume the BB will call, so entices the button to call with drawing hands. This is pretty quick to calculate in my head. 

Perhaps also relevant is that I'm in a tournament starting with 22 players or so and down to 10 players. Top three are paid 50/30/20. I think you've played right pre-flop. If it goes to showdown, I'd show the missing players cards, and if they win, it's their money. Keep it aside for when they come back. 

2BB: 9 3BB: 10 5BB: 11 10BB: 12 

I've tried to generate a push fold table that's easy to remember in my head. This is what I've got so far: Turn is a 6. BB raises 30000 (pot is now 85000). Calling here would have pretty much put me all in on the river, I was concerned about a BB special of two pair or worse still, drawing dead against a low set or even a hit straight. I'm on the button, with AJ unsuited. Blinds 3000/6000. Folded to me, I raise the pot, BB calls. My stack before the start of the hand is around the 110000 mark, slightly lower than the caller. 

I understand adjusting to your opponents is important, but I feel it's really important to have a baseline. I've made one up myself which is easy to do during a live tournament but I have a feeling I'm re-inventing the wheel and someone has probably done a better job at it than me. 

Do people think this was a correct fold here? Should I have folded on the flop, or perhaps re-raised? Perhaps calling on the flop was a bit silly, the only chance I have of improving my hand is one of the two Js or one of the three As, and an A may not even be enough anyway. 

I remember (8,9,10,11) for the button. Before each hand is dealt, I look at my stack size, and pick either 8,9,10,11 depending on that. I then take away 3 if I'm small blind, or add 1 if I'm cut off or 2 otherwise. That gives me a number. I can then look at my hand and quickly calculate it's number to decide whether to push or fold. 2BB: 10 3BB: 11 5BB: 12 10BB: 13 Regarding your question about what to do on the turn, I don't think calling is a terrible option here, assuming they haven't hit the set and they've only hit the Queen, you've still got 5 cards in the deck (3 As and 2 Ts) which will be winners for you. You're paying for 23% or so odds, you're getting around 12%, which isn't horrible (that's assuming they've hit the Queen). With implied odds there's a whole lot of hands like J9s or even KT that they may have called 25% of the pot just to see what comes around on the turn, and they've pushed when they've sensed weakness. 

How should I have played this if he checked on the flop? Presumably a continuation bet. Lets say it's called? If there's no scare card, push another bet on the turn? Then the river? What size should these bets be? Should they be smaller if there's no obvious draw on the board, but larger if there's a draw to ensure he pays pot odds to chase? What if he's flopped the set and I'm drawing dead? Should I check on the river instead?