That means that once heresy is committed any further process is not necessary for the excommunication to be in effect. At that point, one cannot receive communion, etcetera1. Whether or not it is declared publicly is up to the ecclesiastical authority. (Per note by @AthanasiusofAlex) The assertion is based on a faulty premise The Church does not teach that Scripture is insufficient; the authors' are putting their words into someone else's mouth. Reply to Objection 3. Since servant implies relation to a lord, wherever there is a special kind of lordship there must needs be a special kind of service. Now it is evident that lordship belongs to God in a special and singular way, because He made all things, and has supreme dominion over all. Consequently a special kind of service is due to Him, which is known as "latria" in Greek; and therefore it belongs to religion. The Code of Canon Law 1214 through 1222 addresses the requirements. The core concept is that a marriage is until death do us part. (Or as now said, "as long as we both shall live"). The marriage is viewed as far more than a contract or a ceremony, it is a sacrament, which is generally defined as a visible sign of invisible Grace. In the case of marriage, that Grace is the unification of two people into one. This requires profound selflessness and commitment. The Essentials Marriage is a Sacrament. To put it in coarser terms, if you aren't serious about this whole unity thing, you are not entering the marriage honestly. (Dishonest entry into marriage is one of the defects that can be found by a Tribunal considering Nullity decrees). By design, as the Church teaches it, marriage is meant to be a calling of service to each other and to the community. It is one of three Vocation (the two others being priesthood and the vocation of the single life) so the Church encourages those considering marriage to take it seriously. This points to the marriage being a Good Thing(TM) well beyond its goodness for the two getting married. It's good for the whole community. An older teaching presents marriage from a slightly different angle.