This is the order they wear out: chain, cassette, then chain ring. You get 2-3 chain per cassette. And typically 2 cassette per chain ring. Some front derailleur have a trim for big to big. This make sense to me as you may come to a stop but will get back up to speed soon. And now you have maximum teeth evolved. I don't know if trims comes in a 3 speed and it would make less sense as the outer is out further. Even with a trim cross chaining puts more stress on the chain and other components and is not as efficient. This is chainsaw chain: Not the same beast as bicycle chain. I don't even think there are rollers. Bar lube is more viscous than bicycle chain lube. Bar lube does not need a long life - it is going to get thrown off. There is an excess of bar lube and big gaps compared to a bicycle chain. The chain itself only needs to last longer than the cutting teeth. I need to remove the chain on my internal-hub cruiser to clean it (i.e., no rear or front deraileur), and I'd rather not remove my back wheel if I can avoid that. What do I look for to find the master link? 

A chain with this many miles on it almost certainly has a large amount of what's called "chain stretch". As chains wear, the distance in between the link gaps increases. (This page on chain maintenance will tell you more than you need to know on the subject.) When this gets past a certain point, the chain needs to be replaced. If this isn't done, increased wear to the drivetrain sprockets almost certainly will result, since the chain no longer fits over the sprockets properly. (Since this is bike has an IGH, this problem will still exist but to a lesser degree, due to the lack of derailer gears.) I highly recommend you not only replace your chain but also have the sprocket and chainring examined; they may need to be replaced as well. Once this is done, you'll notice the bike shifts more smoothly and works better in general. Chain suck is the likely culprit. When the chain is dirty, lacks lube, or is otherwise out of spec (i.e., worn) is combined with a small chain ring with an off-angle chain line there can be a slight delay in disengagement of the chain from the small chain ring (the small diameter exacerbates this problem further). This delay when combined with tight tolerances between the frame and the chairring can lead to to the chain getting jammed between the frame and chainring. This would also pull the bottom of the derailleur cage (that holds the jockey wheels) towards the front of the bike. 

Lubes I noticed you mentioned choice of lube Re-waxing Re-waxing is as simple as wiping any dust or dirt off of the chain and re-inserting into hot wax again. Any remaining dirt tends to fall out of the chain as you mix the pot, settling on the bottom. Afterwards you can cut out the dirty wax which settles to the bottom of the pot. I typically keep my re-waxing wax separate from my first time wax which is pristine. 

Figure 1. Chain stretch plotted against duration over the course of the life of a single chain (Shimano XT). Left panel has been plotted on the linear scale, while x-axis on the right panel displayed in a log10 scale. Shading indicated 95% confidence band. Horizontal line indicates suggested replacement point for 10 speed chains. 

In real world testing, once into the second wear phase, the wear rate appears to be quite linear when plotted on the linear time scale (Figure 1; left panel). This differs from laboratory testing that showed a distinct curvature with duration for the entirety of the observation period (Figure 2). Methods As an experiment I started taking regular chain stretch measurements, from when I first put on a chain until it is worn out. A Park CC-2 was used and each measurement was done in triplicate, then averaged to improve precision. Measured chain stretch was then plotted against the total riding time at the time of the chain stretch measurements (Figure 1). 

I suspect the LBS did not correctly insert the chain pin, when reassembling. If this was the case the pin could be protrude on one side and potentially catch on various drivetrain components. Continually catching will stress the chain. If the protrusion is significant enough to catch, on the opposite side of the protrusion the pin may not be sufficiently inserted into the outer link plate. Eventually the catching could cause the partially inserted pin to pop out of place, breaking the chain, leaving you stranded. Check where the chain broke to see if the pin at the break point is reasonably flush to the outer link plate or protruding by a large amount on the side where the pin is still in place.