ORIGINAL: This answer contains spoilers for The Shining -- You have been warned. 

SF: As soon as speculative fiction limits its viewpoint it tends to go existential very quickly indeed. Speculative fiction requires that we view the sciencey parts of the narrative through multiple eyes. Weirdly some SF, particularly so-called "hard" SF is meant to be on some level analytical and entertaining and interesting on an almost non-fictional basis as it treats its extrapolation as fact. SF novels of the "golden age" are often criticised for having terrible cardboardy characters but, in fact, the characters are not the point of such fiction, it's a fiction of pure ideation and the characters, to a certain extent, get away with being less than realistic for this reason. More limited viewpoint SF, think Philip K Dick, is all about the internal landscape alienated or made strange through interaction with technology, this is also a common theme in Cyberpunk. Maybe have Mike make that choice and fail, but then he ends up on that course again anyway because it becomes clear that it was correct. Like, they thwart his program and go to get the machinery, only to learn that they needed his mother to complete their mission. Question: Is writing garbage (and then righting the garbage) a valid approach to creating? 

FWIW, as food for thought: I thought the device used in Mistborn, when Kelsior recognized that some religions start best with a martyr, especially one that rises from the dead, was very effective. He'd have to be quick, the noise of traffic might wake the others. He found the latch, a cold metal clasp. Please you Goddess, a soft landing! The fates must have heard him, for in one smooth motion he lifted the glass and fell backwards, landing with a soundless ‘whump’ onto the grass below. (1) I am in a writing group where people have 'a great idea' and jump in and start writing and ... '2/3 of the way through they lose interest.' The first chapter is great because they worked on it and it was fun,. same with second, third, etc chapters. So they have a nice start to a story and then it sits unfinished for a long time somewhere.