If the Sacrament of Marriage was not entered into (via a defect of some kind, details in the Code of Canon Law1) then God wasn't in the marriage from the beginning, and the Church can issue a decree of Nullity. It takes a Tribunal to determine this (a non-trivial process) and the two are then free to marry. A defect of form may be found even if the two in the marriage are committed to each other and otherwise behave as a validly married couple. (See exception 1 up at the top). You can't make a general rule about that, as each case is taken on its own merits. Work with the pastor/local diocese is required. Having difficulty accepting or not understanding a given doctrine is very different from rejecting it. Actively rejecting a doctrine (something that the Church proposes for belief) may constitute an obstacle to entry. It is not a problem to have difficulties -- many already in the church experience difficulties with some teachings. These challenges represent an area for growth. 

Lumen Gentium allows that some other people are expected to be in friendship with God and even in His grace. Even so, it was via Christ's agency that the path to heaven is even open. That makes all salvation through Christ, in the larger sense. 

About Subtlety How does "most perfectly perfected by its form" address circumcision, if at all? Will scars be healed? Maybe, or maybe not. Depends on if a scar is a "trophy of victory" for a given person. The first step to arriving at a convalidation of your marriage is to meet with a local Catholic priest, or someone in the chancery at the nearest Catholic diocese, and discuss the details of the previous marriage(s) and your current marriage to see what the process is. Each situation has its own nuances. To repeat your question is to expose its internal error: 

3/ to exercise any ecclesiastical offices, ministries, or functions whatsoever or to place acts of governance. The Catechism expands upon that in addressing the Sacrament of Marriage: 

Full Disclosure/Caveat: my experience with the Church is post-Vatican II. This answer relies on writings rooted in Vatican II deliberations. The conflict between what the Church now professes and the broad sweep of historical Christian thought on the point raised in the cited article in the question means that this answer is limited to current teaching. The article from which the question is derived covers quite a bit of ground. The terms in question are terms of art used in Catholic documents: ecclesia docens and ecclesia discerns can be found in John Hardon's Modern Catholic Dictionary, or in The Catholic Encyclopedia. Interestingly, the term without specification, ecclesia, has the following definition: (Per Hardon) 

[985] Cf. John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Centesimus Annus, 37: AAS 83 (1991), 840. The "apparent" contradiction looks like taking things out of context. I've fallen into the context problem myself more than once. There are checkpoints along the way; self-evaluation is included Two intermediate rites act as milestones toward your answer of "yes, I'll keep going through with this" or "no, I am not ready yet" (or similar decision to demure). The commandment in the natural law sense is not abrogated, but old law in the other sense about images (positive law) is abrogated in accordance with the New Covenant established by Christ. Part of the issue here is that the Catholics have that as all one commandment, while some of the Protestant traditions break it into two and roll the "covets" into one. (If you look at the table here, Greek Orthodox and Reformed break it into 2, while Catholic leaves it as one). This underlines why this question is denomination dependent for the answer. 

The Rite of Acceptance -- where one accepts certain tenets and agrees to proceed 

[981] John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Sollicitudo Rei Socialis, 34: AAS 80 (1988), 559. 

Integrity: The glorified body will be integral (complete), regardless of how it was during its earthly life, or at the moment of its death, or after it has decomposed in the grave. ...All glorified bodies will be entirely integral. This statement in particular is at odds with what it means to be In Communion with the rest of the Church: The quoted statement about a claim by the Catholic church (unfounded, as the Church does not refer to scripture as insufficient) presents a question suffering from the fruits of the poisoned tree. The sola scriptura premise used to criticize the teaching of the relationship between Holy Tradition and Holy Scripture is a post hoc conclusion (arrived at by Luther and others) that is at odds with church history (in the macro sense). 

[980] John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Sollicitudo Rei Socialis, 34: AAS 80 (1988), 559. Even reading well presented papers, such as this one by D.A. Carson, leaves me puzzled. Florid, definition 2. elaborately or excessively intricate or complicated 

Discussion There is a point cited in Genesis, and in Mark 10 / Matthew 19:5 about how "a man shall leave his father and mother, and the two shall become one flesh." The intent divined from Scripture is that marriage does something profound and permanent. 

All of the above boils down to the following: there is a correct and incorrect use of religious images. Bishops, and the Church in general, must ensure correct teaching or people (as in the olden days) may well pay more respect than is due to something other than God. That can lead to sin, which in the case of teachers falls into "an act of omission" which may lead the faithful into sin via "acts of commission." (St Thomas Aquinas provides commentary of idolatry as superstition and sin in the Summa Theologica). It's a serious matter for the Church to teach the faithful properly.