If your head up you can talk at most casino's. When chips are low you need to start picking more spots with hands that are not so good. Your objective is just to pick up small pots and blinds. Let me try to illustrate this with your hand, I do not know what kind of player you are, however do you think one can gain more information about a hand from a player expressionless at the table or from a player running their mouth about what they have? From my experience it is the player talking that is giving me the most information. The only player that would want to make a rule banning this sort of behavior is a player that has trouble reading BS as BS. I just think rules that protect players from their own weaknesses in the game of poker, are silly and innately unfair. 

Generally when a pot is killed tight games get tighter, and loose games get looser, I really do not know what people are thinking in kill pots. Does position become more important? Should you play more hands, less hands? I am just going to address your 4th question" Dan Harrington's books have a really great and comprehensive discussion about tournament play, I strongly urge you take a look at them. 

For survival you need to play more exploitative in MTTs. In your average cash game, Playing more towards GTO (Game Theory Optimal) is usually profitable. your goal in a cash game is to profit, your goal in a tournament is to collect chips at a certain minimum rate to avoid being short stacked and remain in contention for cashing or even winning the tournament! 

The first thing you need to realize is that your chip stack is constantly reducing in value in an MTT because the blinds are increasing. The only way to win a tournament is to win chips and you are racing the clock. If you are really stuck and at least somewhat serious about poker start by reading some books! There is a great list: Here that I frequently point people toward and am working through myself. 

There is also a significant difference in tournament versus cash Bankroll Management (BRM). I could provide links to get you started on each but that would be nothing more than a quick Google search could find you. 

In a cash game, however, you can (generally) afford to take your time and make safer decisions, wait for spots or play tight if that is your cash game style. This is a very broad question and depends a lot on your own personal play style at a cash game to compare it to how you would play in a tournament so this is both an extremely broad and an extremely subjective question. 

Let me try to illustrate this with your hand, I do not know what kind of player you are, however do you think one can gain more information about a hand from a player expressionless at the table or from a player running their mouth about what they have? From my experience it is the player talking that is giving me the most information. The only player that would want to make a rule banning this sort of behavior is a player that has trouble reading BS as BS. I just think rules that protect players from their own weaknesses in the game of poker, are silly and innately unfair. I am just going to address your 4th question" Dan Harrington's books have a really great and comprehensive discussion about tournament play, I strongly urge you take a look at them. 

4> I appreciate the cards ultimately do the talking, but should there not be a rule against false hand declaration to influence others to fold?" Generally when a pot is killed tight games get tighter, and loose games get looser, I really do not know what people are thinking in kill pots. Does position become more important? Should you play more hands, less hands? 

In general you do need to loosen up your starting values, and take advantage of your position and try to get in with a raise that has a good chance to take the pot without a flop. Like the carton says don't wait for something to die, go out and kill something.