Turns out I was slightly mistaken for part of my answer. There is actually legislation that appears to mandate that the President submit a budget proposal by the 15th of February. This is part of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 and is the same legislation that created the congressional budget office. Its important to remember though that the president's budget still does not bind congress and they are free to ignore all of the president's suggestions. The environmental impact report is 1200 pages long and I don't have a plan on reading it, so please take this answer with a grain of salt. That being said, I do want to show that, at least to a layman, when you run the numbers there does not immediately appear to be a huge risk. However, in reality she obviously has the close ear of the President and does advise him on issues. From this standpoint it's not uncommon for a president (or anyone really) to have people give them advice from outside their team. For example, presidents will often times speak with previous presidents, even though previous presidents are not part of the official team. In simple terms if 2/3rds of the Senate and Congress (or 2/3rds of the states) agree then they can propose an amendment. That amendment would then have to be ratified by 75% of the state legislatures. Then the proposal becomes an amendment to the US Constitution. Its also worth mentioning that the budget is a bill, and like all bills the president must sign it for the bill to become a law (or get his veto overridden). So the president does have some official sway over the budgetary process. Yes, the constitution can be amended. In fact the second amendment is just that: an amendment. You can continue to add new amendments, even on existing amendments. This military exercise also draws out a (generally aggressive and threatening) response from North Korea, to which the States will frequently respond to with even larger shows of force (IE sailing an aircraft carrier through the area, or flying some bombers overhead). Thus far there has been no actual shooting or deaths in these moments. So bottom line, the Republicans used official Senate procedure and no laws or rules were broken. Assuming that stays reasonably consistent across the 6 years, that means that only ~1000 barrels were spilled in the wild over ~60 spills All that being said, I really want to reiterate here that I am not an expert, all of this is not sound statistics or data science, and it should all be taken with a giant grain of salt. On top of that, my numbers are all about averages. But outliers exist. The pipeline is an existential gun to the water supply. If it leaks it will probably leak 17ish barrels of oil, but it can leak much much more. It is, to a certain extent, a Pascal's wager. That means around 1/8th of a barrel of oil per mile. First lets look at how bad Sunco is comparatively. From your article: You also mentioned that in this case Paul Ryan is voicing opposition to some of Trump's plans. In America, as opposed to the UK, the speaker is not a non-partisan role. The speaker makes no such renunciations and as such is free to represent their constituents in the way they best see fit. In this particular case the speaker is one of (not necessarily the primary) challengers to the president's budget (although Ryan likely supports most of the budget, he just has issues with part of it). There are several other those. The Democrats would likely oppose most of his budget, and I'm sure there would be other republicans who oppose parts of the budget. From the top it looks like Sunco is the worst, and that appears to be true, but the next important line is The senate has rules on what's known as quorum. Quorum basically means the minimum number of people that must be present for normal business to occur. Quorum rules, especially for committees, are defined by the senate and for the senate. From this informational about Sunco we learn that I will be leaving my old answer below as it was the correct answer at the time the OP asked the question. Ivanka though does have attributes in her role that do make it unusual. As mentioned in those articles Ivanka is generally much more hands on than your average unofficial advisor. For example, the first lady generally does not sit in on policy meetings with foreign heads of state.