In general, the Ancient Egyptians were tolerant of people with disabilities, a quote from the Instruction of Amenemopet stands out2: Another candidate would be AO 8865, a six sided prism with tables of squares, inverse squares and inverse cubes: Ironically, the fact that the Romans were quite open to integrating ideas from other cultures is also one of the distinctive traits that separates them from the politics of classical Greece. The Roman policies of acculturation, integration and assimilation were an extremely important factor in sustaining their diverse empire, something that wasn't really a necessity for the Greek city states. We can only speculate, but I think you'll agree with me that if someone suggested offering citizenship to political allies in the Athenian assembly during the 5th century BC, they would be - at best - laughed at. 1 You can find more details in Chapter XVII: Diseases of the Ear, Nose and Mouth (page 107) of Cyril P. Bryan's translation of the papyrus - pdf version. 2 Miriam Lichtheim, Ancient Egyptian Literature, The University of California Press. 3 Page 6. The Graeco-Roman world is a unique example of intertwined cultures, the geographical and historical proximity of the two civilizations is such that's it's often impossible to distinguish where the one ends and the other begins. In extremely broad terms, it wouldn't be inaccurate to say that the political system of the Romans were heavily influenced by the various political systems of the Greek world, after all the high point of the Greek world is earlier than the high point of the Romans, it's only natural that the Romans would benefit from the political philosophy of the Greeks. That said, Alexander's empire didn't last long. It splitted into several states almost right after his death and the conflicts between his successors went on for almost half a century. These states, once normalized, were much smaller in comparison and thus easier to control. In general, the successors continued Alexander's plan: they avoided antagonizing the local population, kept tight financial control and continued expanding the already vast network of cities Alexander had build. Source: Histories 6.10, Polybius, translated by Evelyn S. Shuckburg. The original text uses "ἐνεὸς" and "κωφὸς" (=deaf), the same words Aristotle used in On Sense and the Sensible, suggesting both Plato and Aristotle distinguished between muteness and deafness. A more accurate translation of the above quote would be: Hermogenes I think you are quite right; there is no other way. The fact that Plato refers specifically to "deaf from birth" suggests that he considers muteness to be the more serious issue, which is consistent with the Greek belief for the perfection of their language. Source: D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson's translation, The Internet Classics Archive. Socrates If we wished to designate that which is above and is light, we should, I fancy, raise our hand towards heaven in imitation of the nature of the thing in question; but if the things to be designated were below or heavy, we should extend our hands towards the ground; and if we wished to mention a galloping horse or any other animal, we should, of course, make our bodily attitudes as much like theirs as possible. Nevertheless, Livy is not the only historian to claim Greek influences to the Roman political system. Both Polybius' Histories and Cicero's De re publica, our primary sources for the Roman Constitution are full with references to Greek influences. Polybius, an Arcadian that spend part of his life in Rome, is a much earlier source than Cicero and Livy, who were near contemporaries. Book IV of his Histories is an examination of the Roman Constitution, with direct comparisons to various Greek constitutions, and in it we find an assertion that the Roman Constitution was very similar to the Spartan one: Source: The Political Works of Marcus Tullius Cicero: Comprising his Treatise on the Commonwealth; and his Treatise on the Laws. Translated by Francis Barham. A distinction between deafness and muteness can be found in Theaetetus, where while discussing the capacity to learn, Socrates tells us that anyone can show what they think, except if they are speechless or deaf from birth (Plat. Theaet. 206d & Plat. Theaet. 206e): Moving on, the earliest mention of sign language in history comes from Cratylus, one of the more interesting Socratic dialogues. The dialogue's main theme is the relation between language and reality and it's part of the Theory of Forms corpus. In it, Socrates poses the following question (Plat. Crat. 422d & Plat. Crat. 422e): It has a similarly uncertain history with Plimpton 322 and it's dated at around 1750 BC. Plimpton 322 was indeed found in Senkereh, a site near the ancient city of Larsa, that's also known as Tell es-Senkereh, Tell as-Senkereh, Tell Senkereh, Sankarah, and Senkerah. Wikipedia says it was written about 1800 BC, the Rare Book and Manuscript Library of Columbia University is a lot less specific, dating the tablet between 1900 and 1600 BC, and Sherlock Holmes in Babylon asserts that the tablet's style suggests a 1600 BC origin (page 340), so the 2000 BC figure doesn't quite fit. Source: The History of Rome, Book 1, preface, translated by Benjamin Oliver Foster That said, the actual behaviour of the Greeks towards the deaf is a matter of debate. Most quotes, including Aristotle's, use the word "ἐνεος" (or various forms of) that translates to "speechless" to refer to the deaf. The prevalent opinion among historians is that "ἐνεος" had a double meaning and may have often been used pejoratively, thus most English translations favour "dumb" instead of "speechless" when translating "ἐνεος". Raymond Hull challenges that notion in Aural Rehabilitation: Serving Children & Adults, and posits3 that what eventually became the main interpretation of Aristotle's statements on the matter may very well be a misinterpretation stemming from the dual meaning of "ἐνεος".