In summary, rasulullah is leader a nation who governs his nation according to the rules of Allah sent to him. Muslims must obey him no matter what because of keeping ordinance of the nation. If there is no rasul and/or rasul is dead (our situation), we keep following the chain of command, and obey the orders of our government which is governed according to the rules of Allah. 

Then, how do we understand the following ayat?: 

Harams and halals made by Allah: 

Harams and halals made by rasulullah: Confused? You should be. 7:157 seems to be contradicting with 6:145. 7:157 says that the rasul has authority to make clean things halal, and unclean things haram. While 6:145 states that there is no haram to be found other than the listed things. 

I want to end my message with this ayat: This ayat clarifies the authority of a rasul to make laws. 

These things are clear and for sure: This confusion arises from the general accepted terminology of "haram" and "halal". People think that there is only one kind of "haram" and one kind of "halal". But that is not true. There are a lot of harams made by different authorities. Some of them are: I'm telling it again (don't claim that I simple said that suicide bombing is OK): Suicide bombing is not allowed in Islam. But every forbidden thing maybe allowed under extreme cases. 

I wrote this long message after seeing that somebody who claims that eating frogs were haram, because rasulullah ordered not to kill frogs, and since we couldn't eat them alive, eating frogs automatically becomes haram... If you really understood what I tried to explain in my message, after reading a claim like this you should ask this at first: "Why did he forbid killing frogs? What was the true motivation behind this order of his? Were the people massacring the frogs because of the noise they make and he just wanted to stop them?" There is no clear answer to this question. The answer is not a simple "yes" or "no". Cousins are not mahrams and can be married. The Prophet Muhammad (p.b.u.h) married Zaynab bint Jash, who was his cousin. The same would extend to cousin uncles. The consensus among the Hanafis and Hanbalis is that masturbation is permissible when the person fears falling into Zina (fornication), which is a major sin clearly mentioned in the Quran, and a lesser evil may be used to ward off a greater evil. 

Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) prohibited the eating of ... all the birds having talons. 

if the masturbation here is, rather than fulfilling a sexual desire, just to release the sexual tension resulting from stimulation. This does not mean that only trade is forbidden at that time, and it is permitted to e.g. play board games instead ... but rather trade has been specified because that is what would be customary for people to be doing at that time ... and the prohibition is implied on every activity. 

One interpretation is that this means that Allah abrogated some prohibitions of the Torah in His revelation to Jesus: if he or she fears that without masturbation he/she will commit Zina, and 

There is no condition on the number of people involved in a slaughter. Chickens are usually slaughtered by a single person as can be goats, cows and camels (though ropes are used here). Sahih Bukhari, Book of Slaughter and Hunting 

The second view is that it is not prohibited, since the prohibition is specific on flowing. I say: This is correct. Imran bin Jarir said: I asked Abu Mujliz about meat which is covered [saturated] with blood and [when cooked] the food has its redness, and he said: There is no problem with it. Doubtless Allah has prohibited only blood that flows out. Similar was said by Ayesha and others and this is the concencus of the Ulema. Ikrimah said: If this verse was not revealed then we Muslims would have refrained the veins which the Jews refrained from. But it is at least makrooh as the Prophet never entered any building where there were images. 

This Hadith clearly explains that you should fast as it will control your sexual desire. I'm aware of verse 2:256, which states: When one is organising a Islamic celebration, one should do it at a mosque or building that is made for the purpose of that and not a church. 

They quoted the following as evidence: 

The Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) said: 

It is also the view of Ibn Hazm al-Zaahiri as it says in al-Muhalla (1/400). 

I am speaking about “Islam” in the sense of faith in One God, believing in all the prophets and messengers of God, including Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad (peace be upon them), believing in the Divine Books that God had revealed, including the Torah, Gospel, and Quran, believing in the Afterlife, and the rest of the “pillars of faith” in Islam. 

However, according to Dr. Jasser Auda: Another version which says the same thing: Shaykh al-Islam Ibn Taymiyah (may Allaah have mercy on him) said in al-Fataawa al-Kubra (5/327): The view which most of our companions hold is that it is makrooh to enter churches in which there are images, and this is the correct view concerning which there can be no doubt. 

Nowadays, there are a lot of churches which have images. It is makrooh to use them or even enter them as stated above. 

Therefore, you said you would give your child freedom and if he chooses a religion other than a Islam because you have not brought him up as a Muslim, you would be sinning and so would your child.