Ibn Manzar said: The people of knowledge are unanimous on the permissibly of slaughter by a woman or a child. Note: Below are my own amateur, paraphrased translations and they may contain omissions and mistakes. Tufail son of Amr saw him in a dream. His state was good and he saw him with his hands wrapped. Source: Blue Letter Bible, Scan on archive.org Secondly, the Quran contains an account of the life of Mary before Jesus's birth and states that she was dedicated to the Temple and raised under guardianship of the Kohen: Maliki: Tafsir Al Qurtubi on 5:3, (Qurtubi does not mention any difference on this among the madhabs) That they slaughter it according to the sunnah method: be they male or female, child or adult their action of slaughtering is valid when they are Muslims or people of the Book. And the slaughtered of a Muslim is preferable to the slaughtered of a Kitabee (People of the Book: Jews\Christians). A Sacrificial slaughter should only be performed by a Muslim. He (Tufail) said to him: What treatment did your Allah accord to you? On the other hand reciting Quranic verses in Prayer is proven from several sources, including the Quran itself: But the climate of Medina did not suit him, and he fell sick. He felt very uneasy. So he took hold of an iron head of an arrow and cut his finger-joints. The blood streamed forth from his hands, till he died. And the Muslims have a consensus that it is not valid to refuse the funeral of a Muslim, be they those who have committed major sins or be they righteous and this is proven from the Prophet's sayings and actions. Praise be to Allah. And the Ulema are agreed on this except for the case of a Martyr, an Innovator (Ahle Biddah) and Rebels. The narrations about who built the Masjid Al Aqsa first. By Adam, and it was said by the angels, ... by Shem son of Noah ... by Abraham ... by Jacob ... the new construction was started by David and by Solomon it was completed. Tufail narrated this (dream) to the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ). Al-Risalah by Ibn Abi Zayd sourced from Shamela He replied. Allah granted me pardon for my migration to the Apostle (ﷺ). Nevertheless, claiming with certainty that someone was a Prophet without solid proof is wrong, its inventing a lie about Allah. The saying of Hasan, Nakhni, Qatadah, Malik, Abu Hanifa, Shafi and the majority of the ulema is: The funeral prayer will be offered for him (one who kills himself) Regarding the Kaabah we have narrations in tradition that it was first built by Adam and possibly even before that by the angels. Similarly there are narrations that the Bait ul Muqadas was previously built by others and then rediscovered / rebuilt in the time of Solomon. Ibn Hajar writes the following in Fath Al Bari: Below are some relevant excerpts on the views of the Sunni schools on the matter: From the NT, there seems to be evidence that Mary is related to the descendants of Aaron, brother of Moses, and it could be that the people referred to that: And Al-Iraqi said: This was narrated by Al-Khateeb from the hadith of Anas with an unknown chain of narration, and does not mention the sultans. It was also narrated by Abu 'Uthman Al-Sabooni in his book Al-Ma'atain as: The rich of my umma will do hajj for picnicking, and their mid-class for trade, and their poor for begging, and their readers for fame and showing off. In As-Silsila As-Sahiha, Maktabat al-Ma'arif: 1994, Vol. 1, pp. 787-789, hadith 426, Nasir al-Din al-Albani wrote: Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry through 'Aamer ibn-Sa'ad through his father Sa'ad ibn Abi-Waqqas 'Abdel-Raziq through Ma'mar through Al-Zohry (then no companion mentioned) The first chain is continuous to the Prophet, but in Tahdhib Al-Tahdhib, Al-Asqalani mentions that Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad was young when he listened to Al-Zohry, and that this chain (Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry, in general) is not considered strong due to Ibrahim's memorization at the time not being at the level required. The same opinion was voiced by Al-Mizzi in Tahdhib Al-Kamal. Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad, in general, is considered strong, even through Al-Zohry, long as he is not the only narrator in his layer. The believer befriends and is befriended. There is no good in those who do not befriend or be befriended. The best people are those who benefit other people most. For your information, there are some scholars who argued about the authenticity of the hadith, but this is not the main topic of the question. So I will assume that the hadith is authentic for the purpose of this answer. The hadith you are referring to was documented in Sahih al-Bukhari » Book of Military Expeditions » Hadith 4135, but there is no mention of the part that the Prophet ﷺ said "On condition you testify that there is none worthy of worship but Allah and that I am His Messenger." 'Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami in Majma' al-Fawā'id (10/273-274) Abu Is-hāq al-Muzakki in Al-Fawā'id al-Muntakhaba (2/147/1) Ahmad ibn Hanbal in his Musnad (hadith 90) Al-Daraqutni in Al-Afrād wa al-Diyā' At-Tabarani in Al-Mu'jam al-Awsat (6/58/5787) and in Al-Mu'jam al-Kabīr (2/209/3) Diyā' al-Din al-Maqdisi in Al-Āhādith al-Jiyād al-Mukhtārah min mā laysa fī Sahīhain Ibn 'Asākir in Tarīkh Dimashq (2/420/2) Muhammad ibn Salāma al-Qudā'i in Musnad al-Shihāb (1/108/129). In addition to the sources above, I have come across mentions of the hadith (or similar hadiths) in the following sources: — NOTE: Translation from The Spirit of Islam: A History of the Evolution and Ideals of Islam, chapter 9: Note that there are two additional types of mursal related to the companions, and they are also generally accepted as authentic. There are lots of hadiths where there are two or more companions in the narration chain, especially noted with Abdullah ibn 'Umar and 'Umar ibn Al Khattab, e.g., the hadith of Islam, Īmān and Ihsān, or the hadith about deeds being by intentions. This case is also when the companion starts the narration by: "The Prophet prayers be upon him said ...", instead of, for instance, "I heard the Prophet prayers be upon him say ...". This applies to the companions that narrated the hadiths of the Prophet through another companion, or those who saw the Prophet but did not hear from him directly (e.g., Abu Umama ibn Sahl) and narrated their hadith's through another companion. I am assuming, though, that you are not asking about these types.