The take-home point here is that science—and by extension, atheism—are not epistemological models which disprove theism directly; science offers truth through falsification and induction. There are no arguments in science which absolutely disprove the existence of God. The reason people are atheist today is because all the arguments and reasons for God are either scientifically unverifiable or philosophically unsound. Atheism, then, is a default position until any other position can be proven true. I think you'd be hard-pressed to prove that science's reliance on "necessity" has anything to do with philosophy "being taken seriously as a cultural form". To be a philosopher was once a very respectable position to have. The difficulty is that it has almost always been the province of the wealthy — if you were of the working class you more likely had to spend most of your day putting food on the table. To have access to the rich philosophy that came before us, you had to have had the luxury of an education, and even then, the logical mind for it. Philosophy's current position, I would argue, is simply because A) in our modern society being a philosopher won't get you paid and we tend to greatly value money, and B) the ideas/concepts remain rather obtuse to the layperson. Most people, I'm afraid, do not have the training, discipline of mind, or even willingness to learn philosophy because it will appear to have no practical use to them. I can't see how removing "necessity" from philosophy would change that. Directions require a relation; they are entirely meaningless without any context. Typically however, the notions of left and right are used in relation to oneself: my right or my left. In this regard and only in this regard would I still be able (in the middle of empty space) to know the direction of left and right (in relation to me). If you remove all objects of relation, then yes, any directional terms would be meaningless. There is no intrinsic North or South of the universe ("North" for humans typically just means in relation to the geographic North Pole). What's the difference between arbitrarily high probability and certainty? This question briefly piqued my interest but upon pondering the idea, it quickly occurred to me to be a futile question, as I don't see how you could go anywhere with it. I don't see the advantage nor use of a logic that has no way of expressing necessity. Consider the following argument: Has necessity really harmed science? More importantly, as a scientist myself, I also don't see how the use of necessity has harmed science at all; on the contrary, I think it has been a profoundly useful guide in separating fact from fiction so as to arrive as close as we can to the truth. Also, "necessity" is not at odds with "possibility"; I don't see a conflict there at all, and find that science is all about both. I think the simplest and most succinct answer to the OP's question ("Is there any rigorous philosophical basis for Atheism?") is yes, the scientific method is the basis upon which atheism—and in general, religious skepticism—rests. There is no "Atheist Treatise" or codified book that sets the standard for atheism; it is merely the rational acceptance of the inevitable discovery through the scientific method that God (and in general, all miracles and deities) lack(s) verifiability (and falsifiability). Regarding the last point, this also informs the rational atheist that his belief can never be fully absolute; that is, Atheists who believe there is absolutely no God are in fact misleading themselves. As a position, most atheists ought to and really only can hold the position that there is almost certainly no God. This problem isn't unique to God, in fact as Michael suggests you would find it quite challenging to prove or disprove with certainty the existence of virtually anything. I think the primary contention here is not whether absolute proof exists for objects/concepts (God) or not, but whether the likelihood of their existence and non-existence is equal given that they can't be proven for sure. Thus, just because you can neither prove or nor disprove the existence of God does not mean the likelihood of his existence is 50/50. If people are suggesting that there is some kind of "truce" or "balance" as you put it, as if it's a coin flip as to whether God exists or not, then they have been seriously misled. "Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof." This half-joking quote from Ashley Montague highlights for me the critical difference between religious belief and scientific belief: the beliefs of the religious are unquestionable, whereas scientific beliefs can only be accepted as legitimate if they are questionable. In other words, at some core level all religious beliefs require a "leap of faith", belief without logical reason or justification, whereas all "beliefs" or theories of science can only be said to be valid if they are—on some level—questionable (i.e. falsifiable). Scientific beliefs are never held in any light such that they become beyond reproach, and the scientific method is all about testing and retesting theories, modifying our understanding of the world around us. In contrast, religion by its very nature is unchanging. Yes, science has limits, but that is only because humans have limits. These limits are not of science intrinsically, they are inherent in all epistemological models based on logical reasoning. This is fairly simple to conceptualize if you remove yourself from the picture, but that can be somewhat challenging to do. I can provide an example but I hesitate in that it may only pollute this otherwise pure notion. But for example, if you were driving and came to a fork in the road which split off in four different directions all facing left, and your friend asked you to "take a left", would that help you? How would you know whether it meant to "take a left" in relation to you ("your" left) or in relation the number of lefts ("first" left) or to one of the roads or a sign or what? Without knowing the relation, the term "left" is without meaning.