The Guanxi clique fared rather more successfully, maintaining internal cohesion until September, when the Guanxi clique resubmitted to Chiang in exchange for the central government's agreement to cease encroaching upon their territory. But nonetheless the cliques, contrary to their anti-Japan slogans, were ultimately motivated by regional political interests. More to the point, the basis of Chiang's power was not much shaken by having to fight against an anti-Japan faction. Regardless of their actual performance, there is no reason to think the Communists were particularly worse off, either. Although the Nationalists controlled the nominal central government, they did not hold absolute power. Factionalism (including Communists) was rife in both politics and military. For example many of the non-Nationalist faction within the army, especially those from the Northeast, were prone to wholesale defections to the Japanese. Others, chiefly the Communists, were prone to engaging in hostile takeovers. The reality is that, despite the glorification of guerrilla resistance, they were simply not a huge factor in the war. Partly this is because, after the painful lessons of the Hundred Regiments Offensive, the Communists learnt to hold back on fighting. It is also partly because Japan did not have truly vital interests in the region to justify and motivate a comprehensive effort. - Nadler, John. A Perfect Hell: The True Story of the Black Devils, the Forefathers of the Special Forces. Presidio Press, 2007. and an ideal representative in - Stacey, C. P. Official History of the Canadian Army in the Second World War. Ottawa: Queen's Printer, 1955. Note also that by 1943, Chiang had grown wary of the Western Allies. He was deeply dissatisfied with the Allies over their perceived European focus. Around February (a week before this entry), Chiang wrote of his suspicion that Roosevelt intended to use China to soak up the brunt of Japan's military might. [4]: The Hundred Regiments Offensive was essentially a coordinated mass surprise attack, somewhat similar to the Tet Offensive of Vietnam. Up till this point, the Imperial Japanese Army had very little respect for the Communists, partly because of their inactivity. The extended relative quiet also made them complacent, and most regular units were redeployed to the front. The occupation was maintained only by a very light garrison, who were extremely unprepared and overextended.