For most of the nineteenth century, the main issue with this constitution was not its presidential nature or its effectiveness in enacting legislation but the question of “states' rights”. For the most part, states' rights advocates were defeated and the constitution took such a symbolic value that tinkering with it or drafting a new one like many countries have done during the last century now seems all but impossible. Plus the US did not go through any major defeat, foreign occupation or authoritarian regime of the kind that prompted thorough changes in several European countries. One possible interpretation is that people betting on the election could still see someone perceived as an “establishment” candidate like Rubio or even Bush somehow win in the end but assume that Donald Trump has the main demographics among the Republican base cornered and that there is no path to the Republican nomination for Cruz. That would readily account for the discrepancy with the raw polls numbers because if you agree with this view of the current state of the Republican primaries (which is neither secret nor particularly original), you can easily see why being second does you no good. Another example you might consider is the way the Bundesrat is elected. Without getting into the details, you can easily see that it's several times removed from the popular vote. And the composition of the Bundesrat does matter for the election of the president in Germany (who has a much smaller role than the US president, of course, so that's where the comparison ends). The German version of Wikipedia elaborates on this: In the US, it does kind of work however because the lower levels of government and the courts have a bigger role than in many other countries, including England (I am not writing “the UK” because the institutions of Scotland and Northern Ireland also have extensive powers). Consider a Germany where the Bundestag only includes members of parliament with a Direktmandat and simply elects the chancellor and the president. Beyond all the differences, that would be enough to have a government elected by a plurality of all voters. This is the most important reason. Beyond that, it means two people are involved. I have no idea whether that was the original intent but it might provide some sort of safety mechanism in times of crisis (say a minister is about to take some important decision, the chancellor cannot just prevent that from happening by dismissing the minister, he or she must wait for the president to formally act on the recommendation for it to be legally effective). The bill has been adopted with overwhelming majorities in both the Senate and the House of Representatives (so-called “veto-proof majority”). One concern could therefore be that vetoing the bill would simply result in Congress passing it anyway, humiliating Trump and again feeding the controversy around the president's attitude towards Russia. It's really part of a broader trend: If you look at the evolution of the European Union, the last two major structural innovations, the euro and the Schengen area were initiated in the 1990s and presented as a take-it-or-leave-it package to the new members coming in the last three enlargements. Both the euro and Schengen area have been very contentious (if not outright failures) so there is little appetite for a big push towards more integration and, with 27/28 countries around the table, it's a lot more difficult to get an agreement on the way forward. As you said in the comments, it's not always a serious push. Absent specific statements about the deal, the refugees are subject to the same rules as "normal" refugees, since the Nauru isn't some special source of refugees, but merely an offshore detention center where Australia sends all boat-bound refugees trying to get to Australia. Arguments about the case and the validity of the verdict took center stage in broader debates about the Cold War, McCarthyism, and the extent of Soviet espionage in the United States.2 Since Hiss's conviction, statements by involved parties and newly exposed evidence have added to the dispute. Author Anthony Summers argued that since many relevant files continue to be unavailable, the Hiss controversy will continue to be debated.[3] In 2001, James Barron, a staff reporter for The New York Times, identified what he called a "growing consensus that Hiss, indeed, had most likely been a Soviet agent."[4] c. Investigation will reveal some other weakness/transgression/line of attack. This is a typical fishing expedition done by lawyers during discovery process, and is just as effective in political investigations - IIRC, the whole Lewinsky thing came out of prior investigation of Clintons (whitewater one). Bond with people sharing your views - which actually has a political benefit. However, if you are voting for the first time after registering to vote by mail and did not provide your driver license number, California identification number or the last four digits of your social security number on your registration form, you may be asked to show a form of identification when you go to the polls. In this case, be sure to bring identification with you to your polling place or include a copy of it with your vote-by-mail ballot. A copy of a recent utility bill, the sample ballot booklet you received from your county elections office or another document sent to you by a government agency are examples of acceptable forms of identification. Other acceptable forms of identification include your passport, driver license, official state identification card, or student identification card showing your name and photograph. One example of such use is for mental evaluation of drivers, as indicated in this article (my emphasis on aspects that I find relevant for a possible evaluation of a President): According to [this article] Donald Trump disclosed a few details of one of his previous physical examinations: This article informs about how can a President be impeached: But, nothing about any mental health examination. I am not interested in the actual details, only that there is a doubt coming from the some professionals about the mental health of the President. Of course, without proper professional evaluation, everything can be regarded as speculation. On the theoretical level, according to this article, it is not impossible for one to suddenly develop mental illness, but this is typically linked to other condition. So, it can happen during a four-year term. Question: is there a legal way that can be used to force the President of United States to undergo a mental health examination? The Constitution doesn't actually define what "other high crimes and misdemeanors" means. The historical sense is that it basically means, kind of, serious political crimes, sort of crimes against the state, crimes that involve abuse of office, abuse of power, abuse of trust. Although driving a car (is done by one person) is very different from running a country (an entire staff exists), one could argue that running a country is by far more complex.