"Something more complex?" Sumire blinked a few times at me. 

My concern is this: the reader will invest emotionally in the character of the first chapters, only to see her disappear in the middle of the novel. 

"I wanted to take a photo from a high angle, but my phone fell from my selfie stick and hit me in the eye. Silly, huh?" She broke into a quiet giggle. 

They are the good in lyrics and poems, but what about prose? 

I heaved out a sigh. "I thought something more complex had happened to you." 

The first chapters (20,000 words) are told from the eyes of a girl who wants to die in the arms of the boy she loves. Once her wish is fulfilled her POV ends. 

Note: the man and the woman running the service appear throughout the novel (the middle and end of the novel focus on their backstory). 

Here's an example from my own writing: 

One of the answers to this question movitated me to ask this. I don't agree 100% with the answerer, however, I think he has good points. 

The last chapters (20,000 words) are seen from the eyes of the woman I mentioned before (turns out she also wanted to die in the past). The novel ends with her. 

What's usually better* in fiction? The original version of the passage or the second one? (a personal statement or an universal one?) 

Is it better to leave them out in situation like this? Why or why not? 

Mrs. Saeki gawked at me behind her square glasses. “Unusual from a husband.” 

The middle chapters (20,000 words) are seen from the eyes of the man I mentioned before (when he was young). Turns out he also had a death wish: to die saving someone. Once his wish is fulfilled his POV ends. 

An example from my own writing: 

I nodded. “And they were all about little things. You know, how he picked his polka tie instead of the stripped one. What mobile games he played on his way to work. Why he called me at four and not at five.” 

Now, check these lists against your created religion. Have you hit every important aspect, ... and have you feminized it? 

“Let me know if you need anything.” 

I also do chapter arcs, to help me plan begin/middle/end of each chapter. 

What appeals to me most, as a method of showing, is the idea of the literary iceberg, where a few words are well-used, but what is unsaid is what is most evocative. Hemingway’s five word story: "For sale: baby shoes, unused” is the classic example. This is telling you that you can buy a pair of new baby shoes. But what it is showing you is that someone expected a baby, and that expectation was not met. Presumably the baby died, which is much sadder than a shoe sale. Finding a way to use words in this way seems to me to be a powerful means of showing. 

^^^ That's my answer. I have a few more thoughts below. 

Am I right? Should I limit to one or two funny scenes, or decrease the level of "funnyty", like slight jokes? Or is it possible to a story to be epic/dramatic and funny at the same time? 

Now I ask: is a single story, having 5 deep subjects, "too crowded" or "too unfocused"? If yes, is it that bad? Because if I remove his romance, there wouldn't be a reason for the public to care for his wife; if I remove his life, the setting would be shallow; if I remove his depression symbolism, it would be a great opportunity lost and would yank a very good big content from the story; if I remove his wishes, the story would end just after he loses his wife. 

So the story has 5 big subjects in the same story: the writer's life, the writer's relation (romance) with his wife, the writer's wishes (the sub-story protagonist's two journeys), and the writer's depression, in which all five will be written in depth. 

So, in this case, what would you guys say about this? 

The story I'm writing have its epicness and drama, but I also want it to be funny, with jokes, puns, etc., made by a character (mostly) or the narrator himself; funny situations, and so on. 

But I fear that the plot would be ruined by such comicalness, kind of breaking the immersion or emotion, or making the readers to start to expect every scene to be humorous and not take them seriously. 

The story I'm currently writing is a framed story where a recurring-depression-suffering writer that lost his wife [killed] in a war tells his life story in a symbolical fantasy world. Throughout the story, he doesn't just show the sub-story protagonist having his wife killed, but also going into a journey to revive her, how was his relation to her since they met for the first time, along with a symbolically precise view of how the writer feels when with his depression. He would also have the option to go in another journey to either revenge his wife's death or just "take measures" in some way. It would also show the moments before, during and after the moment when the writer lost his wife (in the "real" world). 

Question: Is writing garbage (and then righting the garbage) a valid approach to creating? 

(1) I am in a writing group where people have 'a great idea' and jump in and start writing and ... '2/3 of the way through they lose interest.' The first chapter is great because they worked on it and it was fun,. same with second, third, etc chapters. So they have a nice start to a story and then it sits unfinished for a long time somewhere. 

Two of my characters don't want to talk at all. I threw them together, and they started yelling. On the one hand I think they should yell at each other so the reader understands their history better. On the other hand, they didn't want to be standing next to each other. But I forced it. 

“Let me know if you need anything.” 

In this, the first episode, Number One mutinied and it was clearly the wrong choice. The writers made her choice work (to an extent) by: 

It bears mention that this approach is almost opposite the first, because more words are used, to develop the sight, sounds, etc, of the place.