I realize the Hegel part is pretty unclear by itself, but the basic idea is that for Hegel, the list of categories is a stepping stone. If we look carefully, we will find problems with each of them (for instance Kant's followers came up with different lists), and we'll find cases they don't manage. As this process continues, we will get ever changing lists until we finally hit upon the perfect way to parse our reality, and that will for Hegel be the Absolute and the Concept. (the Absolute being what we will think about and the Concept being how we will think about it; though we will be thinking about ourselves too because we're part of the Absolute). But there's several different thinkers I can think of who have a positive relation with Hegel doing contemporary philosophy: 

Socrates interrogates all of the people who claim to be wise and discovers they don't have any idea what they are talking about. Ergo, Socrates is forced to conclude he is the wisest because he has the advantage over them of knowing that he does not know anything (whereas they claim to know things). The face-value reading sounds plausible in a certain way, but it's also quite plausible to view him as never holding the naive belief that the people who said they were smart are not. Hegel inherits Kant's usage and defines the Concept (capitalized) as the overarching structure of reality. Thus for Hegel, the concept is not ultimately the 12 categories of the understanding but thought thinking itself (i.e. the Absolute). 

Socrates is told that he's the smartest Socrates denies this based on a "principle of charity" argument that merges these three features: 

Early analytic philosophy did reject "metaphysics." But it's important to understand why they would be motivated to do so. The answer for English-speaking ones is the Oxford Hegelians. In other words, Hegel (or at least an interpretation of it) was the dominant philosophy in the English-speaking world in the 19th century. One of the humorous details of how this all works out is that McTaggart, now remembered for A-theory and B-theory of time was actually a Hegelian who rejected both in favor of C-theory: that time is an illusion. 

For more, see the Introduction to Adrian Peperzak's Modern Freedom and H. S. Harris, "The Hegel Renaissance in the Anglo-Saxon World since 1945," in T 01vl of Mine a 15 (1983-84): 77-106. I am not very familiar with Aristotle's usage, but you can read more at the SEP. 

In the analytic world, Hegel is especially unpopular. There's a lot of reasons for this: 

If we want to restructure the argument in the terms of modern logic, we would state that he's doing a reductio against the assumption that they are wise and this forces him to recognize them as fools and thus himself as wise insofar as he doesn't make the foolish claim to know things. For Kant, there are exactly 12 categories that the mind uses to organize reality that are in four groups at Critique of Pure Reason A80/B106: Building on these two considerations, we can trace the narrative form of Socrates' claim and then ask whether he's being a jerk to the people of Athens or he's just that genuinely inquisitive and naturally trusting of what others tell him. So here's the narrative as Plato writes it (at least on my reading): If we're looking at people who directly do Hegel work, then: Ideas is a term that goes back to Plato. For Plato, this is another word for the forms. 

But this breaks down, because Socrates seeks out to prove the oracle wrong by proving others smart. For Kant, the concepts are the fundamental categories of the understanding (the faculty through which we know). When he uses the term ideas he means thoughts we have formed about the world that help to frame other thoughts but do not form fundamental categories of the understanding. I am not sure where the use of the term concept originates in philosophy; it's at least in Aristotle and Kant in different ways. 

His robust commitment to metaphysics His writing style His popularity at Oxford during the 19th and early 20th centuries (McTaggart, Bradley) The third feature highlights how analytic philosophy was, in part, a reaction to the philosophical style of the British Idealists who followed Hegel. 

There's a lot of interesting features to the question. 

More generally, these philosophers were arguing against a background of highly convoluted philosophy in general. The project of metaphysics and epistemology in their modern forms (here modern as opposed to contemporary) was largely getting out of hand to the point where there are dogmatic competing systems that seem broken. Thus, two main responses evolved: positivism, etc., that rejected metaphysics and phenomenology that side-stepped epistemological questions.