I don't like arguments like that, because even if he gets normal quickly afterwards, I am angry quite a long time and can not easily forget that I was provoked for nothing (at least that's my point of view). 

As far as I understood this might explain that he very suddenly gets kind of "information/stimulus overload" (especially if we had many activities during the day) and then the situation gets out of control. 

Highly sensitive persons Some time ago we learned about highly sensitive persons (I had never heard about this before) and that our son might be one of them. This helps me a lot understanding his often "difficult" behavior, also like what I described in this question. 

For our problems with encopresis and enuresis, which do last for years already, we consulted a doctor, specialized in this topic and still are in regular contact with her. 

No way I would (or you should) let the children lie in the car without seat belt or even put them between luggage, which could move and sqash them in case of an accident. 

And even if the luggage is in front of them as long as you drive normally, you can never know what happens in case of a crash, as you can not guarantee that everything is fixed so tightly at its position that it can impossibly move during an accident! 

(EDIT) 2 years later the situation has not changed. He is about 8.5 years now and still needs a diaper each night. To avoid an "overload" of the diaper, we wake him up and send him to the toilet once per night between midnight and 2 AM. That way, we can avoid the bed getting wet regularly and reduces the laundry dramatically. It is still difficult to wake him up, but he has become used to it and is cooperative most times (and only rarely reacts angrily). 

I wonder which kind of music is well suited for infants and toddlers. 

Our 5 (nearly 6) year old son has had problems with potty training for a long time now. 

Hormone therapy The only working solution here at this stage would be a hormone therapy, which suppresses the production of urine during the night (if I am not mistaken) and therefore reduces the urge to urinate.