The Psalms were the work of the Holy Spirit, and could also be considered "prophecy." (See also Matthew 22:41-44.) 

They serve to humble man before God 

From a Biblical perspective the answer is no. God is not present in Hell; that is what makes it Hell! 

However, Christians do not build their beliefs on the philosophical conclusions of non-Christians; we build our beliefs on Scripture. Therefore, if a Christian uses the term "omnipresent" to describe God, it is a given that it should be defined according to Scripture: God is omnipresent in the sense that He is present everywhere in heaven and in the physical universe, but not in Hell. Ezekiel 28:12-19, which may be one of the points of confusion, is a prophecy against Tyre (specifically addressed to the King of Tyre). However, it is also partially addressing Satan, who was presumably working through the King of Tyre... for instance, in verses 12-15 it says things like "you were in Eden" and "you were the anointed cherub". It is true that the passage also says "I have cast you as profane from the mountain of God" and "I cast you to the ground". However, we need to read the entire passage and understand it as intended. For instance, it also says things like "by the abundance of your trade you were internally filled with violence" and "you profaned your sanctuaries", referring to the city, not Satan. Furthermore, there are statements like "I have destroyed you... from the midst of the stones of fire" and "I have brought fire from the midst of you; it has consumed you, and I have turned you to ashes on the earth". I don't know of anyone who teaches that this happened to Satan - at least not yet (Revelation 20:10). 

Here we see that God's works in the heavens (the stars, etc.) serve the following functions: Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! So yes, the Gospels are also Spirit-written. 

However, after Satan's initial sin, he appears to have still had access to the realm where the angels stand before God (which we call "heaven"). This is what I was getting at in my "examples" link in my answer (which you linked). Here are the verses from Job that I was referring to: 

All of Jesus words and His actions were authored by God, and Spirit-led. But what about the records of them? (Isaiah 14:3-21 is the same sort of story, but is about Babylon instead of Tyre.) 

We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: If there are other passages which seem to contradict this, make a note in the comments and I'll take a look. This is just my tentative understanding based on the passages I'm aware of. Hope that helps. 

Clearly given the event of Acts 2, explanations of the Spirit's ministry through us (1 Corinthians 12, Romans 12, Ephesians 4, etc.), and constant claims such as the following, it can be safely assumed that the New Testament Scriptures were also Spirit-written. 

Here we see God's purposes behind the creation of the "lights" in the heavens (the Sun, Moon, and stars.) Collectively they serve the following functions according to Genesis 1: 

My current impression of what "numerology" is: Certain numbers in scripture have special symbolic meaning. Examples: "7 is the number of divine perfection", "6 is the number of man", etc. 1) Scripture describes Day 4 of the Creation week as follows: 

What I am looking for: I am sure there are "countless" examples in favor of this doctrine, but I am curious what the counterarguments are? I am interested in maybe the top 3-5 counterarguments that a "non-numerologist" would use. 

At the end of the day, any Systematic Theology (whether it be of Hell or of omnipresence) should be based on the complete counsel of Scripture, and not prior commitments (i.e. agendas) and proof-texts. The view that God "must" be present in Hell seems to be based more on prior philosophical commitments than sound exegesis. 

Now, some might argue that Jesus knew he would be resurrected, and thus was not choosing death. But don't we as Christians have that same assurance? As Christians, death is not the end. In fact, it is far better to die and be with Christ, but we ought to remain when the cost of death outweighs the benefit. Countless martyrs throughout history have chosen death for the sake of the gospel. In those cases, the benefit (furthering the gospel, integrity in not denying Christ) outweighed the cost (momentary death). 

Of course, this is ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict a global flood. Another argument, used by a Senator Inhofe is to reference God's promise to sustain the seasons: But he considered doing the will of his Father (Mark 14:36) and the "joy set before him" to outweigh the cost: 

I'd like to point out that even though a disproportionately large number of Christians do doubt global warming, this is due to (in my opinion, unfortunate) societal and political factors - not biblical reasoning. Most Christians would readily recognize that these "biblical" arguments are weak at best, and delusional at worst. I understand the traditional theology of omnipotence to be that God can do anything He wills, and that his omnipotence is thereby limited to His nature. In other words, saying that God can do anything does not imply that He can lie or sin. For example: 

I'd argue that the principle at work in whether choosing death is moral is whether the benefit of death outweighs the cost.