They have distinct roles, as revealed in the Bible (more I'm sure can be added): 

The letters to the seven churches in Revelation have a recurring theme, "he who has ears, let him hear" - and yet they were written letters! 

The bible was written - yes, if you had been born deaf, you may have only been minimally literate 2000 years ago. However, there were also many cases of folks becoming deaf with age, who earlier were not, and who were still at least somewhat literate. Literally believing a deaf person cannot be saved, I believe with the larger context of scripture, is wrong. At the very least, all of creation will be "reconciled" - ie, made right again - at Christ's second coming: 

Given that without Christ creation cannot exist, and given that Christ was sent to earth to save the elect of God, and given that eventually all will be made right at His second coming, the "all things" Paul references truly are "all things" (not all people, though, as some are not elected to be saved and are instead, like the Devil and his angels, condemned to eternal punishment). 

God has distinct persons making up His one self - Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. 

'We know that you ... show no respect of persons.' This preamble assumes that Jesus is not afraid of Caesar, and so will give the revolutionary answer if that is what he believes. That, at least, is what the questioners assume the bystanders will be thinking. The more common and practical experience is that by encouraging all protestants to do their own Bible study and interpretation, the end result is that all protestants interpret scripture. As the as Proverbs says, iron sharpen iron. When protestants examine scripture individually, and in groups, and discuss their views and opinions, it allows the group as a whole ownership over the interpretation, which can be a big benefit. I propose that Jesus' cryptic saying should be understood as a coded and subversive echo of Mattathias' last words. His Temple-action created a context within which his saying would have meant: Pay Caesar back what he is owed! Render to Caesar what he deserves! The words Jesus said would, prima facie, have been heard as revolutionary. 

First, remember that Jesus was fully God and he was omniscient* and knew the hearts of men. He knew what people were thinking even when they didn't say it. The alternative, for those who are not born again into a new life, is that they will experience a 'second death'. This is partly a contrast between physical and spiritual death. It happens sequentially after physical death (making it second) but is also the point at which spiritual separation becomes permanent (having died once with Adam, they will be judged to permanent death). The reverse is true for believers: we will be raised into life even though we die. What exactly does this mean, and how is it useful for resolving disputes? Can you cite examples of this where it makes the difference between two different understandings? Are there times when it is not the best or most relevant method? What is the alternative?