I am so sorry that this issue is so upsetting for you. If you are serious about a boot camp, tell that to the therapist and your son. He can avoid it by simply keeping a lid on things. All teens act out. This does sound like it has possibly gone beyond 'normal', but it's hard to know. 

I truly think that if you have been good parents, she will be an independent and functioning adult. She is bound to make choices that you disagree with, but the tools you've given her over the years will start to be used now, that she is an adult. I am a Canadian too, and travelled all over the USA at 18 and made a few poor choices, sure -- but leaned heavily on what lessons my parents had taught me. I came through unscathed and I travelled in a VW bus with a rock band. Horrors! I am in my 60s now. (I went to University, taught for years and am a successful and happy adult.) Suggest that she chooses a public place for her first few meetings. Suggest that she has cash on her and a credit card all the time. Remind her that everyone has a sob story and that her priority is to look after herself. If she spends all her money, you'll see her home and she'll owe you every penny plus interest for that help. Taxis are expensive, but safer than any other option after 11pm. 

I suggested my kid make cards -- she is very artistic, and add a heartfelt message. She disagrees and wants twenty dollar gift cards, which for the record, she cannot contribute to. I'd make sure that your partner knows the biology as well as you do. Many of us think we know more than we do. (I have a menstrual cycle -- of course I know all about it.) So I'd suggest you both study enough to know the answers and then be prepared to answer as honestly and openly as you can. Use the teachable moments as they show up. Do not put a great question off until later. When we noticed that she was growing hair and had little breast buds forming, we bought her pads and I showed her again how they stuck to her undies. She chose to wear pantyliners and because of that her first cycle was no big deal. She had a pad in her purse and was wearing a liner. I asked if she wanted to celebrate becoming a woman and she chose a RED party at a pizza joint with some of her friends -- boys and girls. I think those Tampax ads helped grow us up. There is nothing dirty or scary or weird about females, or the biology of a female body. 

Overtime we added to the information. We made sure there were books and that she was free to ask anything. Sure there are things we did not answer. "How often do you and Dad have sex?" Our answer was that it was private between partners but that sex was a part of most love relationships and that different people enjoy sex more or less than other people. 

As painful as this is for you, I think you might find therapy for yourself is your best option. The therapy process can be explained, you may get insight into how you should deal with it/her, and along the way get some help yourself. 

ON EDIT: The more I read about this, the more concerned I become. The sixteen year old girl has to be visible and your daughter has to have seen her at least through Skype or Facetime and she also needs to consider that IF the girl is exactly who she says she is (though I am doubting it), then she is a minor and your daughter could be charged for interfering with her. I met people on my travels, but I was prepared and knew to stay in public, have a plan, not drink anything that did not come in a sealed container or to leave a drink unattended. It sounds like your daughter does not have this preparation. Best of luck with this! 

ON Edit: I understand why you do not want to be found out for searching your son's room. It feels dishonest. However not telling the truth is also dishonest and as you are teaching honesty, then you have to be honest. It's fine to say that as a parent, you felt you had to see what was happening. He had been caught drinking and had broken your trust. This was the consequence for that. You can explain that parenting is a huge responsibility and that even when you try your best, you make mistakes. It is how we handle mistakes that makes us better people. He can show that he got the message in how he takes the consequences for his own actions and how he deals with them. With maturity comes responsibility and privilege -- it is a package deal. 

We are trying to find a compromise. I think that over $100 is ridiculous. It is also too much to 'lend' my kid.