Perhaps this pov would help in the conversation with family. Your expectations should not have to be tempered in order to accommodate them. This is basic courtesy -- not a special request for over-the-top-special-treatment!! When we do not start by insisting on a certain level of treatment for ourselves and our families -- it's a self-esteem issue. We are our most important asset and we should treat ourselves that way. It then behooves us to treat others that way, too. Don't forget to tell your son when you are happy with him and to tell him that you love him even when you aren't happy with his choices. You aren't walling him off -- you are just not fighting with him. 

You can help increase your child's attention span. I would try setting a task -- it doesn't have to be hard or nasty -- just one you select. Make it as short as possible. The child earns a token for doing the task. The next task is slightly longer. SLIGHTLY. Another token. The last task is again slightly longer. Token earned and and enough tokens, buys him/her a special thing. (I like 3 tasks/tokens because even young kids understand 3.) As the days go on the tasks get longer by small degrees until instead of 3 tokens for 3 minutes on tasks, they are earning 3 tokens for thirty minutes on tasks. I would end up with students working for an hour before their tokens bought them the toy/game/free time activity they wanted. 

Timeout. It is not a punishment, in my opinion. It doesn't work for everyone. Normally, I do not suggest using bed as a time out spot -- but if it is the only reasonable space, go ahead. If you can't do it in the space you have, try redirection. Put on some music, turn off the TV, go for a walk, tidy up -- just change what is happening to something else. This is not punishment but you also are not trying to please the child you are redirecting. If TV is her favourite thing, don't use it for redirection. 

One example of this is that when we go out for dessert, we let our almost-three year old choose to forgo dessert for a small toy (like a car) that is the same cost as the dessert we'd have bought him. This often works well, or at least without argument, when dessert is consumed at home or when the choice is made at the dessert place (where he often chooses the at-hand dessert). 

My three year old does this sometimes, and it can be frustrating, especially when it's an issue of being late where you care and he doesn't (like going to preschool on time, say). Most of the issues can be traced to him wanting a sense of control, so our solutions focus around that when we can. Typically the person is asking because they feel sorry for the child and/or uncomfortable with the noise/tantrum/etc., not because they think you're a bad parent - though it's certainly gone that way once or twice. 

In my experience, what I've seen are interactions like the following. I have a three year old and a 20 month old. 

That is of course the 'good' response: asking the parent if they can help, rather than directly providing it. However, nobody's perfect. That opens things up for her to argue with me (even if it's entirely true). By simply asserting my position as parent and making clear that I'm not some dad who goes to the park to read his email and ignore his kids, but pay careful attention to my children without helicoptering. She of course could argue anyway, and that's happened before, but that's less likely if you don't initiate the argument. 

However, an 8yo is greatly different. An 8yo has a much broader understanding of the world, social expectations and contracts placed upon them, and should understand specific definitions of Right and Wrong. A 4yo barely understands that other people can have ownership of things, too. An 8yo can understand the lesson in Cars (basic respect towards other people) that isn't explicitly spelled out in skywriting. 

I know that somebody is going to downvote me for going off topic, but screw it... The relationship with both the ex and the kid is all kinda tangled in there together. If you downvote this post, don't be a wuss about it... put in a comment. 

Just to reiterate, these are the things that worked for me. Your mileage may vary, but you asked for ideas and I'm just doing my job around this forum by bringing my own experience into the mix. As For the daughter... (to both of you) Signs of bullying? No. But it is a sign that she's pushing as far as you'll let her get away with it. I like Ali's answer in the context of the 4yo. 

"Well, we'll just see what the court has to say about it."