which is a moral absurdity which follows from the fact that telling a hard truth is socially transgressive, and that while making someone cry is not a good course of action, it is a better choice of action than the other possible consequences of telling a hard truth. On motivators to abandon classical logic I'll touch first on your question, "[are there examples] of any concepts that cannot be formalized by current, known philosophical framework?" I'm tempted to simply say no; but I cannot prove that and won't try. What I would claim is that classical logic is robust enough that it can be extended with tools to surpass its limitations, and for this reason it is unlikely to be very fundamentally limited in its subject matter. where what I've written on the left is basically treating S as the description of a set — for instance, the set of all Scottish people. (Notations will vary in different communities.) These two 'limited' quantifications act exactly as though they are normal ∀ and ∃ quantifiers, except that they range over those objects x which satisfy S(x). Extending previous answers by ChaosAndOrder and Dennis… The more general dispute is about pondering the merits and vices of FOL and SOL. At first glance it seems that I don't see a paradox, strictly speaking, but I see three ways (and combinations thereof) in which the inconsistency that you mention can be dissolved: Informal logic is not the contrary of formal logic, at least for some established meanings of 'informal logic'. 'Formal logic' is usually reserved for the formal study of truth-preserving inference, like deduction. But there's nothing preventing a formal study of not necessarily truth-preserving inference, so-called ampliative reasoning. Most argumentative patterns found in everyday reasoning are ampliative, in particular defeasible reasoning. Assuming that any such foundational theory T is such an effectively generated formal system, i.e an axiomatic theory expressive enough to develop basic properties of the natural numbers, T cannot prove its own consistency. Thus is it logically possible that it is inconsistent.