However in this conclusion we must not think, 'those poor strong Christians have a bigger fight' and therefore can engage in excuses for their failures and have a self-pity party as though others are not equally struggling. For since each God is infinite in power the Devil can't lift a finger against anyone without a kind of permission so that God ensures: Obviously the assumptions of scripture, what is declares to be obvious and what it declares to be nonsense is basically an inversion your question. In other words the scripture forcefully opposes you and it also opposes me in equal manner whenever I ponder my own foolish thoughts that are not worthy of his majesty and care. This is really a matter of life, wisdom, knowledge, and glory, verses death, folly, ignorance and sin. It really about choosing faith in God, or following the Devil, at least from the view ported to us in the Bible. It always calls for a decided response. The second use of the phase pertains to the manifestation of God's glory. When you look into the face of someone you can see into their eye's, along with the expression on their face, their essential personality or being. If you only saw the back of their head, you might not even know who you were looking at. The idea in Moses not being able to see God's face is that he could not witness the essential glory of God. No man while veiled in sinful flesh can see God's essential unmasked glory and live: 

Christians have always believed the Son of God was preexisting before the creation of the world and is God who created the world. The Father spoke through the Son and the Spirit performed the actual creative events. 

The name I AM links an admission in our conscience of the only Eternal One, that is why God gave it to Moses so the Israelites would know in their heart who sent Moses. Not only so, but a great part of the purpose of raising Pharaoh up was to display how easily God could beat all the gods of this world, the greatest of which was the Egyptian gods. As Egypt was the most powerful nation, that power under a pagan world was attributed to the gods. Therefore when God said his name was 'I AM' it was to strike terror into the heart of anyone trusting in the gods of the sea, hills, fire, snakes, frogs, river, or whatever. It is like the world said, 'Our gods exist' and God said in thunder, 'No. I AM' and I am about to show you who is who. God didn't lie God knew that Pharaoh would say "no" to this request, and since we know the outcome of the story we can think that God intended for Israel to stay put all along and never intended them to journey into the wilderness. But the simple fact of the matter is we cannot assume that. We can assume that God did intend for the Israelites to go into the wilderness to worship him and there's nothing in the text that contradicts that. Wouldn't He be deceptive by asking the elders to request leave from Pharaoh for reasons other than the one's he's stated here? 

It's best to interpret passages like this with the question "In what reasonable way could I interpret this to be true?" 

And an overwhelming percentage of Christians across all denominations view these passages as metaphorical. It's only the small, liberal, fringe-feminist Christian sects that choose to interpret these passages otherwise. 

The only biblical justification for calling God a mother would be to hyper-literalize passages like these: 

Isaiah 49:15 ESV Can a woman forget her nursing child, that she should have no compassion on the son of her womb? Even these may forget, yet I will not forget you. 

The "Helper" language is also used in John 14:16 and 16:7, and scholars argue that this word cannot be considered to be merely "the name of any abstract influence."3 Sproul doesn't employ an example like "squirrelness" in this or his other teaching on the Trinity that I've been able to uncover. But an analogy like that would likely have some merit, since he regards the essence of something as that which is unchanging and defining. But the difficulty of understanding the "essence of a squirrel" is obviously magnified when attempting to understand the "essence of God." Now to the question. Adam Clarke puts it simply, referring to the previous verse for context: Dispensational: Chafer, Major Bible Themes, 4, "The Sovereignty of God": 

Relationships with other persons A number of passages indicate that the Holy Spirit is in a coordinate relationship with the Father and Son. Thus, if they are Persons, then so is the Holy Spirit. For example, Matthew 28:19: Dating the work is difficult, but this chronology suggests the ~AD 215 timeframe. Also available in Ante-Nicene Fathers, Volume 4 Philip Schaff, Creeds of Christendom, Volume 2, p55. Dialogue with Trypho in Ante-Nicene Fathers, Volume 1, pg 213 

Here are four common defenses of this doctrine: Catholic: Ott, Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma, 183: 

Origen Origen, writing around the same time as Tertullian, also mentions of the will and personhood of the Holy Spirit numerous times. Several examples from Book 1 of De Principiis (~AD 215) will suffice:2 John Calvin does indeed treat this verse. He says:1 Jamieson, Fausset, and Brown's commentary goes into a bit more detail. It's not merely Jesus's claim that God is his Father, but his claim that he has the right to act in the same way his Father does: The concept of the Spirit's will and independence may be found in Justin Martyr's Dialogue with Trypho4 (~AD 160), and even the word "person," though his formulation is not as clear as Tertullian's: