No single factor determines the outcomes of all battles and wars, this is true even for the most important one, logistics. 

So I can't see why Luodian was so important, given its poor (apparent) strategic value and defensibility. And yet both sides considered it important and fought hard for it: 

In the middle of the 3-month long Battle of Shanghai, the small town of Luodian on the outskirts of Shanghai saw some of the heaviest fighting. After Japanese troops made successful amphibious landings along the northern coast, many Chinese troops fell back to Luodian, and over a 10-day period the town was heavily contested and changed hands multiple times. 

For a relatively brief period in China's Three Kingdoms era, the three states of Wu/Shu/Wei were actively fighting each other. For most of the rest of the time, Wu and Shu were allied in their resistance against the vastly stronger Wei. 

So for a period of approx. 4 years, between the invasion of Jing province by Wu and the reaffirmation of their alliance, the three states of Wu, Shu and Wei could be said to have been at war with each other. 

It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): 

Usually when a side fights on home territory, can field bigger armies that are better equipped and fed, then have they have better logistics. Yet we can still find plenty of examples of such sides losing, like Agincourt: 

In terms of scale (keep in mind the numbers are inexact and may be unreliable due to the age): 

Those who belonged to the Kempetai were apparently all wanted by the allies. Apart from them, I'm not sure which of the Japanese soldiers were, or were accused of being, war criminals. It seems France primarily wanted to deprive the Vietnamese of Japanese military training and assistance. At any rate, beginning in 1951 these soldiers began to be repatriated, and as far as I can tell none ran into trouble when they returned home. 

For example, in the Normandy map, you can see Heeresgruppe B next to Paris denoted with XXXXX under the command of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. 

This affair is actually somewhat similar to the later Crusades of Christendom: 

Immediately after the Armistice ended the Pacific War, some tens of thousands of Japanese veterans remained in Vietnam, with more in nearby regions. They were actively courted by the Viet Minh, who needed their experience and expertise in their looming war with France. Some 1000 Japanese military personnel thus found themselves on the Vietnamese side, including something like 47 former Kempetai members and/or 46 officers. Though exact numbers should be taken with a grain of salt. 

The individual X's do not represent "brigades". Instead, each X goes up one level in the hierarchy of formations. See below for what they correspond to (though different services/countries may use their own localisation). 

- Ashley, James R. The Macedonian Empire: the Era of Warfare Under Philip II and Alexander the Great, 359-323 BC. McFarland, 2004. 

- Phillips, David D. Athenian Political Oratory: 16 Key Speeches. Psychology Press, 2004. 

They identify the size of the formation. That Free French unit you referred to with one X is actually a brigade, not a division. Similarly, the Greek and German unit facing each other German unit both have a single X, and has been explicitly labelled as brigades. All other units, including the Italian one you mentioned, have XX - indicating they are divisions. 

At any rate, afterwards King Albert stayed and continued to direct the Yser Front until the end of the war (while the Belgian government evacuated to France). In 1918 the King commanded the Belgian wing of the Allied Hundred Days Offensive, including the Fifth Battle of Ypres. This is just a few months after peace on the Eastern Front. 

Shingen did actually leave orders to keep his death secret for three years. I don't think they fooled anyone, though. 

The Takeda attack destroyed the first palisades, but was unable to break through much further. Their army ended up smashing themselves against the second line. I can see how that could be described as "sappers" failing before the Oda defences. 

As @Matt pointed out in the comments, so-called religious wars in history were almost always also motivated by economical and political concerns. The First Sacred War is no exception here. 

As a side note, at Nagashino the Takeda army numbered only 15,000. They assaulted a dug in Oda-Tokugawa formation of 38,000 strong, and was routed after a vicious 8 hour battle. I feel there's a tendency to look too hard for reasons behind the Takeda defeat, when sometimes god is simply on the side of big battalions. 

The Nuremburg Principles declared such wars a crime against peace. 

- Robinson, John. Ancient History: A Synopsis of the Rise, Progress, Decline and Fall of the States and Nations of Antiquity. London, 1821. 

The Amphictyonic League was an ancient religious organisation which formed to support the temples of Apollo and Demeter at Delphi and Anthele. 

This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. 

- Shuckburgh, Evelyn S. A Short History of the Greeks: From the Earliest Times to BC 146. Cambridge University Press, 2013.