It is true that they are related sets of languages. Exactly how closely is up for debate, but the debate among linguists is essentially over whether they split into their own languages around 3000BC, or instead around 2500 BC. The 3000BC number is the commonly-accepted one these days, but even if you take the more recent one as Italio-Cetlicists do, there's two and a half millennia of evolution between the languages spoken by Caractacus and Claudius. To give perspective, the ancestors of English and German were mutually-intelligible 1300 years ago. The headress is called nemes, and is only worn by Pharaohs, sort of like the symbolic function a crown would have to a European. The statue is simply a way of telling those who can't read that Agustus Ceasar is their ruler. However, the Roman rulers never came to Egypt to carry out the cerimonial functions required of a proper Pharaoh. If you look over the dynastic lists, you'll see that they end in 30 BC with Cleopatra. Now Jonardon Ganeri has a pretty impressive CV in Philosophy, so I wouldn't want to tangle with the guy on his own turf. But as for historical evidence of his claim of significant Eastern influence in Western thought, there just isn't much. Without that, I'd say its a bogus claim. As for actual influence on Western Philosophy, its tough to find much first-hand evidence of that. The best I can find is a passage from Clement of Alexandria. He seems to be mostly accurately reporting how Budha himself was venerated, but in typical Greek form equates Budhist philosophy with the Gaulish Druids, Celtish philosophy, early Christianity, and all sorts of other non-Greek systems. Of course there's a reason purple was so special: It was hideously expensive. The dye used, Tyrian Purple is extracted in a laborious and touchy process from tiny glands in a specific species of coastal sea snail. It should be noted that non-Biblical accounts portray Pilate as a tough law-and-order type, not a weak-willed pushover like some of the Gospels do. Aslan's historical explanation for this is that the "audience" for the Gospels was chiefly Roman citizens, not Jews, so it would have better served their purpose to make the main villain of the Crucifixion Jews rather than Romans. This method of execution was used exclusively by the Romans, almost always for challenging the State. What records we have for Pilate show that, Gospels aside, he was quite enthusiastic with his application of it. No, they were not. The Ptolemys were the last dynasty to rule Egypt directly in the old fashion. When the Romans took over, they just treated it as another province in the empire. While it might have been temporarily effective here and there, in the long run these verbal appeals helped the Celts about as well as they helped the Native Americans. Poor farmers hungry for land have a force not even their nominal rulers can stop. So if any woman did wear a toga picta, she would have had to have been very well off indeed. Its possible a very high end courtesan, or a favored mistress of an extremely wealthy senator might be able to come up with one. However, there is simply no way a common street prostitute could wear one. There seems to be a bit more familiarity with people of that faith in Greek circles. However, I think it would be wrong to claim that it was well understood in the West, or to imply there were active vital groups of practitioners living in the major population centers of the Roman Empire, as the quote seems to. I can (and at one point did) give a lot of speculative reasons for why those names were abandoned. All we can say for sure is that the two calendar systems are a bit different (due to the use of leap-month rather than leap days), and when the English shifted to using the Julian one instead they decided to use its names as well, rather than try to map them to onto their old calendar names. The best and most accessible recent historical account I know of for the historical Pilate is Reza Aslan's Zealot*. Here's a portion of what he wrote near the beginning of Chapter 5 of Pilate's story after the Crucifixion of Jesus: As for the ability of a tribal leader to give a moving speech in a civilized conqueror's own language, this should not be surprising to anyone familiar with American History, as it happened regularly with Native Americans and the US government. This feat is probably helped by the fact that tribal leaders are generally chosen for their oratorical skills, while leaders in more highly organized societies typically derive their legitimacy from wealth or parentage.