Corollary: Visual hallucinations are a loosening of this mirroring; the world, that is nature, our second womb, becomes alien & strange; it withdraws; or is forced to withdraw - again the regime of punishment that is solitary confinement. 

A philosophical discussion of various forms by which the social body can be governed is in Plato. He discusses Aristocracy, Timocracy, Oligarchy, Democracy and Tyranny in descending order of goodness. Of course one should understand the nature of the governing body for what it is. Its easy enough, one supposes that an oligarchy or a Tyranny can masquerade as a democracy. This conflates two regimes in Platos hierarchy. By advancing Democracy as a mask, an Oligarchy or Tyranny gains a popular mandate and masks its true nature which could be disturbing, in fact should be particularly disturbing to the Just Man according to Plato. 

But more, in this form it's also true for any curved space - this is also very useful because physically, spacetime is curved; and we need the equations to be valid in just such a context and not the usual boring Euclidean space that we're all used to simply by living, being and perceiving. 

In Hegels Philosophy of Right, he touches on alienation beginning at paragraph 66: 

You didn't mention poetry, but this is the subject of one of Aristotles essays On Poetry where he discusses the aesthetic effect of poetry - lyric, satiric & dramatic; despite its antique provenance its fairly straightforward, and easier than Benjamins essay which takes some investment in the 'philosophical writ' of the Frankfurt school. 

Simply because an idea is contemporary doesn't automatically mean that it's useful, correct or valuable - it can simply mean that it is modish; ie fashionable - only in hindsight will people have a clear enough insight to detect whether in fact it was useful, correct or valuable; some people will be clear sighted enough to see it then. 

There are is also a corresponding development in Kashmir, by the Kashmiri philosopher Abhinavagupta; and which, according to this conventionally scholarly thesis by Kirk Templeton was independent. 

A box is like itself - identity; and in this sense, here, says nothing; but what say we, if we see a box is not just a box by itself, but is so positioned in space? Were it positioned in space somewhat differently - say I shoved it to the left a little; would it be the same box? 

As you observe tree-like classifications are everywhere in different scientia, but this tends to be because of the simplicity of the description. That is the tree is neither too simple or too complex that it is almost useless as as classification. For example, one can plot the sciences on a line such as: biology -> chemistry -> physics; this of course captures one important dimension of scientific ontology, but misses out many others. For example the human sciences do not even appear on this classification line. Such simplicity leads to caricature. There being no dimension of time doesn't show the budding of new sciences, nor loss or ossification of old sciences - what happened to alchemy? That is intensities are missing. 

Interesting question. I don't have any books or references for you - apart from general pointers to Lacans Mirror; and Buddist dependent co-arising. 

Moral dilemmas of this sort are discussed by SF authors, for example Heinlein in his short story By his Bootstraps; and in the main stream of literature where its been influenced by such, ie Tom Stoppards The Real Inspector Hound; but quite amazingly not at all in the most famous time travel story, I mean that by H G Wells - The Time Machine - which is more in the tradition of Victorian high adventure, and earlier the epic. 

Another possibility is Free trade reimagined by the philosopher and politician Roberto Unger where he deconstructs the contemporary situation in economics and it's entanglements with law and politics. 

This may seem exotic, outré and eccentric, but Frank Wilzek (2004 joint Nobel Laureate) points out in his book,The Lightness of Being - which is discursive in the usual manner that: 

It's in this form that EM and the weak force was unified - electroweak and then the strong force formulated. 

This essay is a useful precis of her work. 

Or, in the last verse of Borges Ars Poetica: