Those Presta nuts that sink into a Schrader hole are bad news. They do nothing to prevent the core problem of Presta tubes in Schrader holes, which is stress around the valve from not being supported by the rim eventually causing the tube to rupture. Maybe on a single wall rim this is less of an issue, but I still don't like it. So, orient it taller (or positive offset, or however you want to say it) side right in front and left in back. 

It's a little bit wrong in that it has zero upside and one potential downside, but that downside is unlikely to ever be relevant. Just use Schrader tubes. 700x23-25 / 27x1 SV tubes are perfectly common. With the Mavic adapters, the lip is supposed to go on the outside. They're not intended for use with single wall rims, hence the problem you're having. 

In the end these wheels are probably not strong enough to be trouble-free for a 300lb rider, on-road or off. That's due to what kind of loads they can structurally take. Whether the spokes are operating within their fatigue limit is a separate concern, and that's what determines whether you'll break spokes. It's also true that the margin for error in how well internal stresses have been relieved is going to be little if any here, possibly to an extent that exceeds practicality. 

Recently I got a pair of really nice mid section wheels (Zipp 303 firecrest disc). I normally ride regular 700c alloy wheels around town and for sport. Not deep section in any way. They're great, no noise or complaints. Last time I was riding them, I noticed a "wooshing" sound when cornering hard and certain times while just riding fast. 

If it is the airflow over deep section wheel hoops thats "wooshing", does that mean a less turbulent airflow, i.e. that of the 303's vs an alloy hoop, can and does generate more noise than a less aerodynamic wheel with more turbulent airflow? I've also heard this noise when being approached from behind by a rider who is passing quickly, much to my chagrin. Often they are riding a nice bike with a pair of deep section carbon wheels. 

Since I've never heard this on any other bike I've ridden except the one with the 303's, I've attributed the sound to the wheels. I recently found a product that is a redesign of the common wheel. It's branded as the 'shark wheel'. It's basically a wheel where the rim is circular but bends like a sine wave. Simple idea but very interesting. I'm beginning to see manufactures making carbon hubs and am wondering if they have the potential to perform better than conventional metal hubs or if they are just a way to save a couple of grams of weight, possibly at the expense of performance. Currently, the company only has skateboard wheels in production. However, I recently saw the owners give a presentation where they demoed larger wheels for strollers, wagons, etc. I can't help but wonder how long until someone rigs something like this onto a bicycle hub and rides it. 

Edit: These are the hubs I was originally asking about, manufactured by enve. They have a full carbon shell and flange. The flange is not drilled, the holes are molded as such.