10 Ways to Build and Preserve Better Boundaries Boundaries Setting Boundaries With Parents After You Get Married This might help you to see things from your daughter's perspective. Make meals a pleasure and a privilege. Tell her, “you do have to behave at mealtime. Say ‘yes please’ and ‘no thanks.’ No whining, asking for special food, or saying ‘yuk.’” Show her you mean it. You have my sympathy. Your daughter sounds like more than a handful. To answer your question, your daughter is difficult. She might even be defiant, disrespectful, manipulative and a bully. If you're having difficulty with setting good boundaries, a counselor might be able to help you sort through these difficult issues and help you see where you should draw your boundaries. You may find something that you're much happier with than what you have in place right now. until then, please be aware that words, like arrows, can't be called back once they've been launched. Saying less when you are upset is usually better than saying more. 

In Child Care Provider Training and a Supportive Feeding Environment in Child Care Settings in 4 States, 2003, the issue of eating behavior in daycare/preschool is addressed because of the amount of time impoverished kids spend in such facilities and the issue of obesity in the poor. It is recommended that the Slatter Division of Responsibily be implemented because of its success in teaching children to eat "properly", that is, to have a healthy relationship with food. 

Parents make mistakes, parents make bad decisions, and they suffer the consequences. After all, that's why we teach our children that consequences result from bad decisions and can often be unpleasant. We are not all angels and never will be. If you swore often in traffic and your paycheck was reduced by $10 per episode, or if you cut in line and were fined $50, or if you spanked your child in a fit of frustration, and your boss informed you that your paycheck had been forfeited for that week, what would your reaction be? Would it be to stop those behaviors, or would you report him to the authorities? 

Change is hard to effect. It is hard enough to change your own behaviors; it's next to impossible to change others. However, he is 12, and you're his parent. Helping him to become a better person, using any reasonable means at your disposal to do so, is within your job description.