I have a superflat test world, where I was going to do experiments with mob farms. Except it seems that for some reason, everything is lit up, as if I were building it out of glass. (it gets dark once it turns night though). Everything is perfectly normal in my non-superflat worlds... I'm going to test this by bringing a zombie to the nether and punching him around some Pigmen. If this hypothesis was true, then the Zombie Pigmen should kill me instantly because that's what they do. I'd suggest working relative to the snowball itself, except there's no way to tell when they hit something. They're destroyed once they hit something. However... we can do some magic with armor stands. To check this, I generated an amplified world and quit. Then I used the "Search for Block ID" function, to see the coordinates of every diamond ore that had spawned in the world. The output for MCAMap is, unfortunately, not pretty, but this is what the search found (sorted by Y coordinate). I have collected data using a program called MCAMap, and can conclude that no, ore generation code is completely unchanged in an amplified world. Any ideas? Or is this probably a bug? Or, if starting over is an option, there are plenty of other random seeds out there. Mobs will spawn on most opaque blocks (in addition to upside-down slabs and stairs) as long as the rest of their spawning conditions are met. They will never spawn on the bottom half slabs. You can check out all of the spawning conditions on the Minecraft Wiki. Finally, the creeper. For all armor stands that have aged, we want to summon a creeper and then kill that armor stand: So you can do this either way. You can either predefine commands on the turtle, or you can send an entire lua file as a message and have the turtle write that message to a local file before executing it. Either way works. There's a hopper right underneath the slab that puts the drops in the chest (it's slightly hidden, but it's there, trust me). I'll solve this with my favorite method of answering Minecraft questions: science. For this experiment, I'll need 1 snow golem, and 1 nether. Let's go. Mobs will never spawn on slabs. That pigman did not spawn on that slab. Using command blocks and some redstone, this can be achieved. The chickens above are feeding eggs into the dispenser. There really isn't a best design for this. If you want to make this whole thing as compact as possible, check out Xisuma's video. Otherwise, some chickens on top of a hopper that eventually leads to your dispenser in some fashion will do fine. The greatest Y-coordinate for this sample was 15, which is consistent with the wiki's information on ore spawning, which states that diamond ore spawns below level 16. I am getting consistent data for all other ores. Therefore, I can conclude that the amplified terrain generation setting does not have any impact on the ore spawning code. Shields are not in Minecraft 1.8.9. Shields are an upcoming feature in Minecraft 1.9, available in the snapshots. I did exactly this, making extra sure to not hit the Pigmen, and reproduced exactly this result. It seems that Zombie Pigmen still take care of their Zombie brothers. I'm not sure if this is intentional or not, but I doubt it's a bug, since Zombies and Zombie Pigmen are entirely separate entities. For more information on all the new special data tags you can use, check out this post on the Minecraft Forum. Here is a very simple, and pretty easy to tune setup: You will need to return at least 2 villagers. Then they will start repopulating the village. As of 1.2, villagers will mate and repopulate based on the number of available houses. See this post (especially the "your village died out" section) for more information. We'll be using the AGE score from the armor stand to determine where creepers need to be sent, however, we don't want to do that as long as the snowball is still in the air. I handled this by setting the AGE score of all armor stands with a corresponding snowball to 0: So what happened here? How did that pigman get there? You can do one of two things. You can either transfer your program to the turtle with a floppy disk and send it a command to run that program from the computer, or, you can actually push an entire lua program to a computer, and then order it to execute that program. I will be covering both solutions in this answer.