As for what would happen, that would be speculation. Most likely he would arrested. He would then wait in jail for a judge to decide his fate with reference to the 1964 act which incorportated the Vienna conventions into English Law, and the existing charge of jumping bail. There may be several components of the tax bill, often the largest is inheritance tax, (40% of the estate above a threshold of £325,000) However the deceased may have other outstanding taxes, or they may continue to make capital gains, or earn money through royalties post mortem. There are sometimes direct sales of military equipment between governments. For example, the USS Phoenix was sold to Argentina and renamed the General Belgrano (before being controversially sunk in 1982). And other countries have nationalised arms manufacturers, in which case the government is both negotiator and seller. The purchaser in the situation you describe is the Saudi (for example) national government. The seller is a private company such as BAE systems. You have to submit a lot of details, like your party constitution, aims, and "identity marks" (ie names and logos). You cannot register a name that is likely to cause confusion. "Libel Democrats" would not be permitted. There are various reasons for the PM to call a snap election: Generally, you can divide the elections into those where the PM had no choice but to call an election, and those where the PM was seeking some political advantage. This could change, particularly if Eurostar were to start having significant financial problems. Or if the quality of service were to drop below acceptable standards. However, there are only 10% of shares that are held by a UK stockholder. While the government could legislate to compel Hermes Infrastructure to sell back its shares, there is nothing it could do to require CDPQ to do so, as they are a Canadian company. A government could make an offer to buy the shares, but this would require them to pay over the odds. It would be very costly. Nationalisation in a globalised economy is hard to do. In several of these cases (1951, 1966 and Oct 1974) the parliament was either hung, or the Prime minister had a majority of less than 10 (which is not considered to be a "working majority" in the UK's parliamentary system) and so you can say that they "jumped" to call an election before they were "pushed" by losing a vote of no-confidence. In 1931 there was a governmental split caused by the great depression, in which the Labour prime minister lost the support of his own party. Perhaps the most likely outcome is some form of Free-trade agreement. It does not seem likely that there is sufficient time to negotiate this. Hence there will likely be a transitional arrangement, modelled on the current rules for trade, perhaps with the UK effectively remaining in the Single Market during the period (although perhaps under a different name). So it is the executor who calculates the tax due, and HMRC who check and collect. If the executor appoints a probate solicitor then the solicitor calculates, and HMRC check and collect. "Lord" Buckethead, and Screamin' Lord Sutch have never been disqualified from running. In both cases "Lord" is part of their nickname. Damien Green has strongly denied viewing pornography at work. If he had been watching pornography then he is lying. His honesty is being questioned. In other words, your name should be a clear reflection of the positive aims of your party, and is likely to be rejected if it is not. Nothing has been decided. The UK cannot decide by itself. The process is one of negotiation, and there are two parties (or 28 by some counts). The Eurostar ownership is not subject to franchising, and there is no proposal to repurchase the shares in Eurostar that were sold. There is no public policy in the Labour Party to re-nationalise any part of Eurostar. It is also quite possible that there will be a change of government in the next year. This would change everything, as Labour has quite different priorities for the transition negotiations. The Constitutional framework of the UK is a combination of laws, traditions and conventions. The central principle of the constitution is "Parliamentary Sovereignty". It was established, by the deposition of James II that Parliament has the power to remove a monarch, and to choose a successor. It is, therefore, reasonable to believe that Parliament also has the right to end the monarchy. A simple Act of Parliament would be sufficient. The other rules prevent, for example, a pro-EU party registering "UK Out" (misleading as to the effect). You couldn't register "Tick this box ->" (hinders guidance for voting). Nor could you register "Kick Theresa May out" (refers to a person not associated with your party). So "snap" elections are not historically rare, but there haven't been any for over 40 years. For an incoming president to seek a special election would be impossible, since it is not provided for in the constitution. The UK doesn't have a written constitution. And snap elections have clear precedents. A referendum could be called by Parliament. Major constitutional changes are often decided by referendum, and so this becomes a tradition. To appear on the ballot paper, the political party must be registered with the Electoral Commission. They are an independent statutory body, tasked with running elections. The PRC is now a permanent member, replacing the RoC, and Russia replaces the USSR It is up to the executor of the estate to calculate the tax due from the estate. They may appoint a probate solicitor if the estate is large or complex. The executor then fills in a tax return, and this is processed by HMRC in much the same way to any other tax.