Using the LDS Articles of Faith (in bold-to clarify only) to examine only principle beliefs one can see the similarities and differences. 

On marrying, James E Talmage sums up the answer by saying: 

Jehovah Witnesses have similar beliefs on the first 3 but not on the gift of the Holy Ghost. 

Yes the LDS believe it is a pure restoration of first century Christian liturgy and beliefs. 

5 https://rsc.byu.edu/archived/selected-articles/god-s-love-mankind 

The LDS's third creation account in Moses 2:1 answers this question: 

6 https://www.lds.org/topics/missionary-work?lang=eng 

For the most part, this holds true for Jehovah Witnesses too.9 

So here are some important points on the Lord's statement: 

About the restoration, the LDS specifically believe: 

4 https://www.lds.org/ensign/1977/10/respect-for-other-peoples-beliefs?lang=eng 

These passages that you mention are actions of people before they died, in this case in the time of Noah. In the spirit world, there are two parts: spirit prison (usually referred to as hell) and spirit paradise (sometimes referred to as heaven). In 1 Peter3:19,20 the author is saying Jesus went and preached to those in spirit prison, and some of those people in spirit prison were those who sinned in the times of Noah. 

So in Matthew Jesus is showing that he understands 'the LORD' refers to Heavenly Father and 'my Lord' refers to the Son of God and Messiah. 3 

Similar beliefs for the most part. Jehovah Witnesses belief and LDS belief. 

This is all part of the Plan of Salvation. Mormons believe that before we lived on earth everyone lived in the Pre-mortal life with God as spirits. He presented a plan where we could come down to earth to gain a physical body. The plan involved us (man) to have a veil placed over our mind (so we wouldn't remember the pre-earth life) and we'd have agency, or the ability to choose and act for ourselves. This would mean some would sin and fall away, thereby not retaining one's first estate, or standing with God in the pre-existence. Man would also have the choice to be obedient and be able to return to live with God again (retaining their first estate). 

I prefer to look at the verse itself, in this matter. When I read this verse in Revelation it is easy to see that this is a warning to mankind: Don't add stuff! It's not your right, and you don't have the authority! 

and I can promise you, God is very active still. He is doing amazing things. 

So, while the warning in Revelation might be viewed a warning about adding to the Holy Bible as a whole, it does not extend to God Himself. He chooses to whom to speak, what to tell them, and what to do with that information. If He tells them to tell others, well that is the definition of a prophet, and that is His prerogative. 

The Bible clearly teaches that the end times will have prophets. Two will be killed in Jerusalem and the whole world will watch (Rev. 11) and there is even a warning about false prophets, which would not be necessary if there were simply no prophets. 

Although there is much in Mormonism that is strictly defined, there is also much that is not; and it is left to each individual to determine the degree to which he or she must personally abstain from meat. Mormons believe that the Holy Spirit will guide individuals to know what God's will is for them specifically, not only in this matter, but also in any aspect of one's life. 

-Speech given at Brigham Young University, March 2, 1986 (Emphasis Added) 

The plurality of worlds here has led some church leaders to suggest that Christ is not only the means of salvation for this earth, but also for many other worlds. There has been no official doctrine as to Christ's significance in other realms beyond our own, however statements seem to support a strong opinion that he does indeed play a significant role. 

Some argue that D&C 89 stipulates that meat should only be consumed in special circumstances such as emergencies or shortages, while others argue that D&C 49 specifically states that meat is ordained for man's use and should not be some extreme case.