On the other hand if you're a bog dwelling mouth breathing revisionist historian, then the official view is that Cromwell surpasses sliced bread, and only falls short of sainted Napoleon by a thin margin. There is an excellent source (I've lost the title and reference, but the paper made a deep impression on me) about efforts to reform the French Salt Tax. Can anyone recall? If we proceed on these assumptions (I don’t argue that they’re sound, merely that they provide reasonable boundaries for initial discussion), then I would argue that there is a positive relationship between economic participation, political participation and prosperity. The question is transformed to the Principal-Agent Problem. Contrary to your assertion, no historical event is ever "ended" - they all have implications for the current day. That's what Santayana means when he says that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. (Update: Rewritten) Bicameralism was a constraint of trying to include the right class of stakeholders, not a slavish adoption of a British model. The fundamental problem of the Constitutional Convention was to find a way to build a government that was stronger than the dysfunctional Articles of Confederation, but not so strong that it would subsume the state governments. This is not the problem that the British Parliament was designed to solve. Italy (very definitely the junior partner of Germany and Italy) invading Greece in 1940. Update from Wikipedia on Prose: Nazi Germany invading U.S.S.R. in 1941 It is a long speech, roughly 4,000 words, of which I doubt more than a paragraph or two is repeated in the movie (which I have not yet seen). Churchill was an accomplished orator, likely one of the best ever in the history of the English language. Part of that skill is matching the emotion of the message to the emotion of the delivery. In a speech calling for calm determination in the face of a bitter-sweet accomplishment, anything other than a calm delivery would be out of place - except in a Hollywood movie. For these reasons I very much doubt that the delivery in the House of Commons was significantly different than that on the BBC. Here is the entire Hansard record for the day, by way of context for the speech. One will note that no attempt is made by Hansard to record anything other than the actual words spoken, with their utterer. Any interpretation of emotive delivery, after the fact, could be only on the basis of personal recollection, with all the attendant uncertainty from the possible errors and conflicts inherent in that. In the Soviet Union a person who was rising in technical management (say, becoming the director of a plant) was usually expected to join the Communist Party as a pre-requisite of getting the job. Or was he afraid of getting saddled with a veto-wielding conservative colleague in the consulship? The shift was indeed gradual and it was in the interests of the regime, when it was still taking root, to dissimulate that the Republic was intact and the emperor was just the first among equals. Augustus was a past master at this sort of game; Tiberius tried to play it too but with ill results. Later emperors felt less need to do so. From a very preliminary analysis it seems as if the conversation indeed took place and that Ahtisaari was indeed playing the bad cop routine on Milosevic. However the bloodthirsty quotes ascribed to him look like inventions. This is not a noble writing to the first among his equals. This is a noble writing to his royal master. And what is crucial - Pliny does not feel any awkwardness over the fact. He is writing with the easy grace of a born courtier, and so we must conclude that the final acquiescence to monarchy must have occured at least a generation before Pliny himself.