With that being said, the paper The Gordon Clark and Cornelius Van Til Controversy by Jared Moore [PDF/MP3] gives a good distillation of the controversy: 

His agnosticism seems clearest in this passage: 

Whether Tertullian was or wasn't the very first to use the term cannot be proved. He has a reputation as an innovative theologian, but whether he was innovative in service of defense of orthodoxy or in service of inventing new heresies is a matter left to the reader. Of course, even if the concept was orthodox, that doesn't automatically mean that his use of the word had any precedent. In the absence of other evidence, we have no cause to say that anyone else was the originator of the use of the word. The prayer either of the Church herself or of pious individuals is heard on behalf of certain of the dead; but it is heard for those who, having been regenerated in Christ, did not for the rest of their life in the body do such wickedness that they might be judged unworthy of such mercy, nor who yet lived so well that it might be supposed they have no need of such mercy. (The City of God 21:24 [413-427]) 

Cleanse me in this life, and make me such, that I may after that stand in no need of the cleansing fire, for those "who are to be saved, yet so as by fire." (1 Corinthians 3:15) ... For all that, though we should be saved by fire, yet will that fire be more grievous than anything that man can suffer in this life whatsoever. (Exposition on Psalm 38, 2 [date unknown; 396~420) For more on the development of Augustine's thought with regard to the doctrine of purgatory, see The Birth of Purgatory by Jacques Le Goff, in particular the chapter on the church fathers. Marcellus wrote this specifically to discredit the orthodoxy of the term "persons" by linking it back to a despised heretic, which lends credence to the "interpretive flourish" hypothesis. Tertullian: Earliest extant use of term Tertullian (155 - 240) was, famously, the first Latin writer to use the word "trinity" in his anti-Sabellian treatise Against Praxeas. It also contains the earliest known uses (16 total) of the word "persons" in reference to the Godhead. 

Erskine Theological Seminary professor Hughes Oliphant Old says no. In volume 7 of his history of preaching, The Reading and Preaching of the Scriptures in the Worship of the Christian Church, he lists Chrysostom, Augustine, and Origen as having done it previously. He also implies that many others had probably done so given the ubiquity and appropriateness of expository preaching in general, going back to the apostles. The discussion can be found on page 172. 

After Clark's exit from the OPC, he joined a denomination that, many mergers later, became the Reformed Presbyterian Church Evangelical Synod. In 1982, the RPCES merged with the Presbyterian Church in America. Partly because a merger between the PCA and OPC appeared to be on the horizon (though it never came to fruition), Clark refused to join the PCA and joined the breakaway Covenant Presbytery (which later called itself the Reformed Presbyterian Church in the United States) in 1983. I then, O my Praise and my Life, Thou God of my heart, putting aside for a little her good deeds, for which I joyfully give thanks to You, do now beseech You for the sins of my mother. Hearken unto me, through that Medicine of our wounds who hung upon the tree, and who, sitting at Your right hand, "makes intercession for us." ... Forgive her, O Lord, forgive her, I beseech You; enter not into judgment with her. Let Your mercy be exalted above Your justice. (Confessions, IX.27,35 [397-401]) Why did it matter so much? As for why these issues were a big enough deal to justify driving Clark out of the OPC, Moore's paper has an answer for that too: 

He appears to affirm it while recounting his mother's death: 

In conclusion, though reports of the testicle verification rite go back a long way, so do contrary reports. The contrary reports make more sense (to me at least) and the reports of the testicular examination come chiefly from opponents of the Papacy and give confused accounts of what actually took place. My verdict, personally, is that it never took place but that someone saw the chairs with the holes and let their imagination do the rest. The renowned 19th century historian of Rome, Ferdinand Gregorovius, described the sedia stercoraria in further detail in History of the City of Rome in the Middle Ages, Volume 5, Issue 1: