So it would go, Release Planning - Backlog Refinement - Sprint Planning Release Planning: This is where you are working at the high level. Stories may still be in "Epic" level detail and you are just trying to ensure you are not planning more than say 150% to 200% of what could realistically fit in a Release (with 2 week sprints, 3 months releases are rather common). At this stage you are doing more what we call "T-Shirt Sizing". Backlog Refinement (Note, turns out "Grooming" has overtly personal connotations in some languages so I try not to use it) This is where the real work is done. The goal of Backlog Refinement is to ensure that Sprint Planning can focus on just the details of a specific sprint. In the BR meetings you would be doing three things. 1- Decompose "Epics" to stories, 2- Refine Stories to "Definition of Ready", 3- Estimate. Timebox: You can completely keep this inside of an hour. My personal mantra is you can do anything you did in 60 minutes in 45-50 minutes. Create a Product Owner office: I've heard of a mid-size company where the VP of Eng created a Product Owner office. This office is in engineering and is staffed by technical people with business knowledge. Product management delivers their requirements to this office and the normal agile process goes from there. No information on how successful (or not) this is. Now that being said, the five events (Sprint, Planning, Standup, Review, Retrospective) are based on decades of experience and use. Sutherland and Schwaber just updated the Scrum guide and they haven't magically removed any events. The key is to show success using an agile framework (I'll assume Scrum) and show how using it gets better predictability, better quality, better visibility (nothing says visibility like a 3'x5' burn down chart on the wall to the bathrooms. While you're doing this, take a little hit to translate reporting to the legacy system. TL;DR- Highly recommended. If you don't have it, then you are losing your inspect and adapt loop with your stakeholders. I think Sergey's answer works well at smaller scale, in an Enterprise class program or multi-scrum team program you might have a little more success if you bring in Release Planning as a formal activity and do the majority of your work in the Backlog Refinement (Story Time) meeting. Here's why- Give everyone a stack of postits and sharpies (Don't use ball point pens, too hard to read). Have them start filling them out and putting them up on the wall. (Advanced tip- If you have a lot of team members who tend to be quiet and not talk a lot in meetings, give them a heads up you'll be doing this and give them postits ahead of time so they can generate content before the meeting). EDIT- Highly recommended you have a couple of starter post-its. If no one looks like they are moving to put stuff on the board, put yours up. From my experience, in mid to large size software companies, agile most often grows out of the eningeering organization. Either grass roots up, from the team level, or exec sponsored from the engineering senior management. It means the development organization is often using agile well before the rest of the company. Action Planning: 20 minutes Unless the top vote items are really low hanging fruit (You institute a late jar for the Stand Up), the goal here is not to come up with a final plan. Instead it is to schedule the meetings and next steps for each item chosen. Final plans should be within the next week. The main reasons I've seen for not having a Review: Start running agile with a physical task board or if you absolutely need a tool, use something free like Trello.