But on the other hand, you’d better to pay attention to this significant point that there are some specific conditions for divorce, then by noticing them you can recognize would it be Ok for you to divorce or not. www.islamquest.net . I suggest you to read the following link which is pretty a similar issue with your issue (in Farsi): www.islamquest.net (2) on the whole, you’d better notice the conditons of talaq, on the other hand pay attention that talaq is considered as the most Makruh Mobah practice from the view of Allah, thus you’d better strive to prevent it as much as possible and bearable, otherwise go… Good luck. Recting the fowling verses: Al-Qalam:51,52 and Ayatul-Korsi Note: Both Shia and Sunni view would be appreciated. 1 - Khamenei, Sayyid Ali, Ajwebat al-Istefaat, question 525; Sistani, Sayyid ali, Minhaj al-Salehin, vol.2, Nikah (Marriage), issue No. 28; Bahjat, Muhammad Taqi, Resalah Tawzih al-Masail, issue No.1944; Makarem Shirazi, Naser, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage), issue No, 26; Fazel Lankarani, Muhammad, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage), issue No. 26. For more complete info. I recommend you to read the following references, but on the whole I assume it could be better for you to bear the life due to your children and even your husband. Then in all probability (as a rule of Allah, by bearing..) Allah will help you and give you a large reward (thawab) for your devotion. Otherwise I reckon there could not be a warranty for you to have a better life by divorcing…, consequently you’d better to devote due to your children and husband. And Allah knows best. Do more research, afterwards make a logical decision. Good luck. http://www.islamquest.net/id/archive/question/fa1201 (in Indonesian) Initially, I ought to point out that (in accordance with the viewpoint of Grand Ayatollah Makarem Shirazi (as a Marja' al Taqlid of Shia Islam): Note: to see more matter regarding Walimah, you can refer to the source below. In regard to divorce or Talaq in Shia, you’d better note some points concerning the conditions of Talaq from Shia’s perspective. Consequently I assume you agree with me. Then obey the orders of Allah till He give you more valuable in this world and in Jannah. on the other hand we should avoid commiting some sins (although we really interested in) if we'd like to go to the heaven, otherwise ... Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his family) said: [2] -Makarem Shirazi, Naser, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage)… According to Shia, actually in accordance with the fatwa or view of Ayatollah Khamenei (As a Marja al-Taqlid of Shia): Seemingly, according to religious law (canonically), the religion doesn't suggest to refer for the divorce directly. In fact, Islam doesn't like divorce and tries to prevent it as far as feasible. (Of course not always, it depends upon the case). Actually in the mentioned case, it could be considered as a treason issue, it could be your right for divorce (to if you be able to prove the issue or even you see a problem in your life. But as far as you can, strive to solve the issue positively, otherwise this is your right to do that.On the other hand, occasionally divorce could be an appropriate way to save the persons … (to take action for the divorce) http://islamquest.net (1)) But if doesn’t mean that he divorced you if in his behavior…, Since he has not mentioned that he divorced you. In order to elucidate the issue, you ought to pay attention that marriage reception or Walimah (banquet ) is not a Wajib (mandatory) act, haply this is solely a Mustahab (recommended) deed as a Sunnah act. Hence you ought not to see it as a mandatory act. In regard to your last inquiry that inquired if I gave her divorce then what about Dower? Eventually you'd better to repent for your practices and strive to leave your negative practices and indeed start a new strong relationship to Allah. Another issue that you ought to pay attention to, is that: 2: Its intention is figuring out regarding her defects or beauty http://www.islamquest.net/tr/archive/question/fa1201 (in Turkish) (I recommend you to see the source for further and more complete info. concerning the issue.) Or as another example, doctors say eating poison will kill people. So, will you eat poison by saying "I eat it, because doctors have not said that it will kill people who are before the age puberty or marriage?! Besides, you’d better to refer to a good psychologist to solve your problem. And you’d better not to allow devil to make you such feelings. Therefore you should trust Allah and say Besmellahe-Rahmane-Rahim and start a good relation with your life. In truth, the best reference is the verse(s) of the holy Quran that I suggest you to read some of them. Such as: Lying in contracts among marriage is not permissible, but telling the truth is not Wajib and … Try to increase your relation to God, then Allah would help you more than before. e.g. say your prayers constantly. likewise for instance if you leave drinking alcohols (if you leave it because of God), then as a rule of God, Allah would help you more than before. On the other hand, it is not allowed for a woman to get married to a non-Muslim man according to Shia view (and I assume the view of Sunni is like that too). Then it ought to be left.