Unfortunately, this tends to create duplicate chat users if they happen to have an existing chat account associated with another site. Which is a problem if the existing user has access to rooms the new one does not. Or a really clever status text. Or a coveted low-digit ID number. If the SO community says it doesn't belong on SO, then it would be a bit rude for you to override that: you're not a SO moderator. This should not be used in place of suspension for stopping blatantly abusive editors. And of course, it is unavailable for users with full editing privileges, where suspension remains the only option when communication has broken down. It's Sunday afternoon. It's snowing outside, and I have a pounding headache. A perfect time to go through the flags queue on my little tablet. The way you phrased your request is a bit odd and does not quite match the implementation, but the intent is clear and I believe the changes satisfy the need. I would much prefer it if the system could simply do this for me. Or failing that, provide some convenient way to merge users. A user's history of flagging success tells us what should be done when they stray from the path of good flagging. But it doesn't really impact the severity of that straying, nor the necessity of action. A former 75% flagger who has redeemed herself is just as capable of a basic trip up as one of the deputies, and I don't see why it should have any more or less of an impact based on their current flag weight. Flag weight is designed to illustrate, in very simple numbers, the relationship between a user's consistent good flags and the likelihood that their future flags will be important. Could we enable a preference setting to turn this feature off? I can understand abiding by the rules of highlighting when I actually set favorite tags. It could also be a means to educate users as to the existence of the tag preference system, if they have not yet known about it. But for users who do know it and willingly decide not to use it, could we have the ability to choose not to have this highlighting? When a mod converts a post to a comment, if the post contains a link of this form: If I delete normally it works fine; it's only converting to comment (and probably edit, although I didn't try) more than once that leaves behind undelete votes Screenshot of Unix private beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-private-hover.png Screenshot of the host list http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-modify-room-host.png Screenshot of Unix public beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-public-hover.png It's going to take users a minimum of two weeks to hit 2000, and past betas have shown that a massive number of questions get asked when the private beta starts at 0 days and when the public beta starts at 7 days. There are hundreds of new questions just on those two days, plus the early questions tend to define the style of the site, and nobody can edit them until weeks after they've been posted However, when editing a room, the option doesn't appear on the host list: Screenshot of the bug http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-title-bug.png