To the extent that these people were complicit in the crimes of the Nazi state, they did not see a contradiction between their crimes and their Christian identity and beliefs. This may mean they were 'not true Christians', but what use is the concept of 'true Christians' if most people who think they are Christians are just confused? Equally, what use is the idea of 'true Communism' if none of the Communist regimes in history have been 'true Communists'? 

Historically, answers to this question have been contaminated by the No True Scotsman fallacy so common in discussions about religion. Christianity is good, and Hitler was not good, so Hitler wasn't a Christian. Even though Hitler said he was a Christian, this is not true because he was a Nazi, and therefore not good, and therefore not a Christian (there's good reason to think Hitler's profession of Christianity was insincere, but we'll get to that later). You can see the same pattern of thinking among Marxist-Leninists: Bolshevism is good, Stalin was not good, therefore Stalin was not a Bolshevik. And Islam is good, and ISIS is not good, therefore ISIS is not Islamic. And so on. If your character is going to the British Library, I can tell you how they store newspapers which they never bothered to film. I went there to read the news magazine Cavalcade, and the magazines are all bundled up together in hardbound books, one per year. The binding looks old, like it was done back in the 30s when they came out. What were his religious beliefs? It's an important question, but less important than it has been portrayed sometimes. If we're talking about the Kuomintang, then what's known as the Nanking Decade was when they held maximum power. 

Source: China in war and revolution, by Peter Zarrow. Buddhism is good, and the Buddhist mobs attacking Muslims in Sri Lanka are not good, therefore they are not Buddhists. Hinduism is good, and the Gujarat pogroms by Hindus were not good, therefore the perpetrators were not Hindus. And so forth. 

Many atheists were executed; not necessarily communists, just anyone who had vocally supported some party other than the Nazis. A small minority of Catholics and an even smaller minority of Protestants interpreted their religion as incompatible with the Nazis' rule, and were also executed. These people are very famous (and boasted about) so I won't go into detail, except to say there is nothing contradictory in persecuting Christians and atheists. Remember, the first Christians were executed by the Romans for being atheists, in that they denied the existence of the Roman gods. And as we'll see below, Hitler had his own gods.