The Catholic Church teaches, as I understand it, that a person may pray to a Saint, and this Saint will then intercede along with that person to God concerning the request (or something like that). It appears that Mary may be the saint to whom people pray the most. "And God blessed them. And God said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth." Genesis 1:28 ESV So, the original sin was eating of the fruit in direct violation of God's command. However, it could be suggested that pride preceded that, because for them to defy God's command they had to exalt themselves as the authority over their own lives. Pride would have been a sin of the heart whereas eating of the fruit was a sin of deed. I understand there are several questions there, but they all surround the issue of praying to the Saints. The apostle John clearly gives the answer in this verse: It is true, though, that may rejected Jesus as their Messiah, and this has been true throughout history. Both Jews and Gentiles reject Jesus. However, in the last 50 years, it is true that the number of Jewish believers has exploded. There are an estimated 150 Messianic Jewish congregations in Israel today with 20,000 Jewish believers. This is four times as many as there were in 1997. Source The confessional is a standard practice of the Roman Catholic Church where church members may (or must) go to confess their sins to a priest. As I understand it, the priest then decides whether or not the person's sins will be forgiven and, if so, what is required of the person in order for that to take place. I have heard people in passing mention doing "Hail Mary's", and I'm pretty sure they weren't talking about long desperation passes at the end of a football game. I've also heard mention of "Our Father's". I assume these refer to a prayer to Mary and recitation of the Lord's Prayer. My question concerns which saints are qualified to receive prayers. Is it restricted to only those who are designated as Saints by the Catholic Church? Does that start only after the Saint is designated as such? What is people prayed to John Paul II or Mother Theresa today, but they receive the designation of Saints at a later time? Is it the designation of sainthood by the current Pope on earth that allows someone in heaven to begin hearing prayers? So, whoever denies the Son does not even have a relationship with God at all. Jesus affirmed this as well: So, according to Jesus Himself, if one does not honor the Son, it is impossible to honor the Father. There were quite a few Jewish followers of Jesus from the very beginning. Immediately after the resurrection, the Bible records 3,000 Jews becoming believers in a single day. 1 and 2 Peter were both written primarily to Jewish believers as was "Hebrews", obviously. So, there were a good number of Jews who did believe in Jesus at the outset. Ultimately, then, a person's eternal destination depends on whether to accept or reject Jesus: However, it seems that priests themselves are subject to sin like anyone else. So, I'm wondering if the Catholic Church has confessionals to which priests may or must regularly attend. Also, do Cardinals attend confessionals, and then lastly, does the Pope himself ever confess his sins to anyone. For priests, cardinals, and popes, who determines whether or not their sins will be forgiven and, if they will be, what they must do in order for that to occur?