The principal reason that Hitler did not use chemical weapons on any large scale on the battlefield was deterrence. By the time he accepted that Germany was losing the war, the Western Allies had air dominance over Germany, and could have attacked German cities with gas. They had the weapons available, were prepared to use them in response to German chemical attacks, and this was known to Hitler and the OKW. 

Destroying those locks is going to be harder than you think. They are very large, at 110 feet x 1,050 feet, and the lock gates have to have been built to stand up to accidental collisions with large ships (at low speed, admittedly). They weigh up to 730 tons, depending on their height. Edit: The reason for using torpedoes is that they make it relatively easy to get an explosion in contact with the lock gate, which is hollow and can thus be flooded and made immovable until it is repaired and pumped out. Doing that with dive bombing is chancy: aviators always overstate their accuracy, and dive bombers could often miss ships entirely. 

(edit) Any fleet going to attack the Panama Canal or California would have to be fairly small, so as to be able to take enough fuel along in tankers for the return trip. The obvious reason for not doing that is that the fleet would be intercepted by the US Pacific Fleet on its way back, and sunk. Attacking the Panama Canal effectively is tricky. Attacking California is pointless - you can't do damage that will cripple the US war effort. But destroying the whole Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbour would cripple the warfighting ability of the USA. The Japanese attack was intended to do just that, but did not succeed. 

Besides this, the book is full of details which have no historical relevance such as descriptions of the "out-of-body" experiences of the victims: There were even some hints that the Nazis made certain propaganda canpaigns against use of chemical weapons which involved WWI war veterans who suffered from gas attacks. Beevor does little to restrain himself in wording and language, sometimes attempting to attribute hate speech to unnamed witnesses. In many cases he makes collective accusations against Red Army soldiers: 

And, of course, these sub-humans all were alcoholics: 

In fact, it is a reference to a book by German feminists Helke Sander and Barbara Johr "Befreier und Befreite: Krieg, Vergewaltigung, Kinder". The Beevor's reference hints that the estimates are by the hospitals and only quoted by Johr abnd Sander, which is untrue. The reference is thus a forgery. Taking this data they postulate that of all 23124 kids born in Berlin 5% (1156) had Russian father (i.e. were result of rape). 

Did the US indeed expect that the explosion will destroy just one factory rather than the entire city? p. 411 ‘You’ve turned into shameless bitches’, Anonymous, p. 202 In Russian Empire for instance there were multiple bloody anti-Jewish pogroms. The only reason why the Jews were not killed by the non-Jewish population at the time was that the state mostly made efforts to protect the Jews or at least to limit the extent of hostilities. 

Regarding the poster, it is evidently a fake because the USSR never was at war with Great Britain not to say, bombing London. Even at the hight of the Germany-Soviet relations the official position of the USSR was that they were neutral. Making such poster would be contrary to the stance of the USSR in foreign policy. 

How was Munich captured in WWII and how much time did it take? For example was it on a scale of three days? 

Now, that doesn't necessarily mean you'd see the money right away, or even at all. Some situations, like being stuck in Bastogne or serving in the Battle of Stalingrad, might limit your ability to receive your earnings for a while, and there are obviously going to be occasional glitches in the system where the payment office thinks you died or something. Plus, civilians fighting to defend their city when it is under siege obviously wouldn't be paid, and I doubt the Germans fighting to defend Berlin saw any money after the collapse of the Third Reich. But even they, in theory, were supposed to be paid. In fact, I've read some stories about soldiers in certain areas being quite happy with how they were paid: the interviews accompanying the miniseries Band of Brothers, for example, mention that paratroopers were paid double (if I recall) the normal $50 salary of standard infantry soldiers, which motivated a lot of people to sign up for the more dangerous job. 

As for how they were paid, that would probably vary from country to country, maybe even from branch to brach, and between the two wars. You'd need to research the specific situation you were interested in for more details. 

All soldiers in all armies were paid during the World Wars, with the sole exception being when prisoners were forced to fight by the people holding them. Conscripts were still supposed to be paid, as far as I've heard.