For over-sized bets, take the example of a bet of 200 into a 100 pot. When the human player is bluffing, the bot calls 50% of the time (loss of 200 for the human) and the bot folds 50% of the time (gain of 100 for the human) which comes out to an EV of -50 to be bluffing. When the human player is betting for value with a stronger hand, the bot will call 50% of the time (gain of 300 total for the human) and the bot will fold 50% of the time (gain of 100 already in the pot for human) which leads to an EV of +200 for the value-bettor. But if the person had instead bet exactly the pot of 100, the bot would have called 100% of the time and there would be an EV of +200, so the person gained nothing by betting more. So if a person knew this, they could increase their (negative)EV when bluffing by betting more, but there would be no EV change by betting more with value hands. It's a little bit arbitrary of a system but you could try something similar and I think it results in enough calls for the bot to start gathering information and adjusting. Similarly, if the bet is 500 into a 100 pot, a bluff has a return of (1/5)(-500) + (4/5)(100) = -20, and a value bet has a return of (1/5)(600) + (4/5)(100) = 200, which again has no benefit over betting just the pot size. Here's one possibility that I thought of that admittedly might not be the most optimal but I think it's decent and I'll give some reasoning for it: start out by calling 100% of the time for any bet up to a pot-sized bet and then for bets that are bigger than the pot, call at a rate of 1/(bet size/pot size). For example, in a pot of 100 if the bet is 200, call 1/(200/100) or 1/2 the time; for a bet of 500, call 1/5 of the time. If they happen to only be folding when you have a really strong hand, though, you might ask yourself if you're subconsciously providing clues regarding your hand strength. Maybe you have bet sizing tells. Maybe your timing changes when you have a strong pocket pair. Maybe you start grinning uncontrollably. (Maybe the cards are marked and others at the table know what you're holding.) Sometimes when you have a great hand like AA, nobody else happens to have a hand they want to play back with. Either they've got bad cards or they're out of position or their pet superstition says they shouldn't play that hand, whatever. It happens. In general, you'll get 72o more often than AA, because there are 12 ways to get 72o while there are only 6 ways to get AA. If everyone is folding to your raises more often than they should, raise more hands. This is particularly true if you have tighter players on your left and action is folded to you. You can either steal blinds pre-flop or win post-flop with a single continuation bet many times when your opponent misses. So, if they're folding too much in general, raise more often. If they're always folding only to your premium hands, try to evaluate your own pre-flop play a little more. Oh, I just noticed the "in the BB" in the title, so the pre-flop tells are less relevant to your question. Though I guess it's possible that your face lights up when you see the aces! Assuming that opponents don't know what your cards are, you're not significantly more or less likely to have 72o in the BB than AA during a walk than at random. You may be slightly more likely to have aces here than at random, since lots of players will enter the pot if they hold any ace and their absence from the pot implies that the deck remains enriched in aces, but this is not a significant effect. So if a person knew this, they could increase their (negative)EV when bluffing by betting more, but there would be no EV change by betting more with value hands. It's a little bit arbitrary of a system but you could try something similar and I think it results in enough calls for the bot to start gathering information and adjusting. For over-sized bets, take the example of a bet of 200 into a 100 pot. When the human player is bluffing, the bot calls 50% of the time (loss of 200 for the human) and the bot folds 50% of the time (gain of 100 for the human) which comes out to an EV of -50 to be bluffing. When the human player is betting for value with a stronger hand, the bot will call 50% of the time (gain of 300 total for the human) and the bot will fold 50% of the time (gain of 100 already in the pot for human) which leads to an EV of +200 for the value-bettor. But if the person had instead bet exactly the pot of 100, the bot would have called 100% of the time and there would be an EV of +200, so the person gained nothing by betting more. In general, you'll get 72o more often than AA, because there are 12 ways to get 72o while there are only 6 ways to get AA. If they happen to only be folding when you have a really strong hand, though, you might ask yourself if you're subconsciously providing clues regarding your hand strength. Maybe you have bet sizing tells. Maybe your timing changes when you have a strong pocket pair. Maybe you start grinning uncontrollably. (Maybe the cards are marked and others at the table know what you're holding.) Oh, I just noticed the "in the BB" in the title, so the pre-flop tells are less relevant to your question. Though I guess it's possible that your face lights up when you see the aces! Assuming that opponents don't know what your cards are, you're not significantly more or less likely to have 72o in the BB than AA during a walk than at random. You may be slightly more likely to have aces here than at random, since lots of players will enter the pot if they hold any ace and their absence from the pot implies that the deck remains enriched in aces, but this is not a significant effect. If everyone is folding to your raises more often than they should, raise more hands. This is particularly true if you have tighter players on your left and action is folded to you. You can either steal blinds pre-flop or win post-flop with a single continuation bet many times when your opponent misses.