SCORE: 2 fully supported (#2,#4). No strong views on #1/#6. Definite no: #3. #5 is iffy, but more support than some other alternatives. It's a well known fact that, when US Founding fathers were setting up our polytical system, they did NOT build in the ideas of political parties. More specifically, both Washington and Madison didn't like the idea of "factions", as they referred to what is now known as parties (e.g. see Federalist #10; and this article and this other article quote both Adams and Washington on the topic - the quotes are too long combined to bother copy/pasting as proof into the question). The fit would depend on which of the bullet points you are most willing to sacrifice. “In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members, though there is apparently no evidence of his involvement in the terrible events of September 11, 2001. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons. Should he succeed in that endeavor, he could alter the political and security landscape of the Middle East, which as we know all too well affects American security.” — Hillary Clinton, October 10, 2002 

Spider-Man could consider New York City his "home base", since he returns to it regularly, manifests an intent to remain, and can receive messages and be contacted (which he often does by various signals or a notice in the Daily Bugle). In other words, the House of Representatives has the power to start impeachment proceedings and the Senate has the power to perform the impeachment trial. If the Senate rules to convict the elected official, they are removed from office. 

The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at least one Representative;… 

Only Congress can forcibly remove a Vice President from office The US Constitution only allows the Vice President to be forcibly removed from office via impeachment due to a high crime or misdemeanor (just like the President). 

Again, by declining to intercept the missile, it does not definitively show one way or another if the anti-ballistic missile system are capable of shooting down such a missile. Not be in prison or on parole for a felony conviction Despite all the crimes that he's been accused of, Spider-Man has been fortunate enough to avoid prison and parole, so he has no problem with this. 

In reality, would a costumed vigilante like Spider-Man be able to legally register to vote like he does in this video, without revealing his secret identity? Let's assume he is registering to vote in New York City, since that is where he does his crime fighting. 

Federal preemption doesn't just apply if a federal law explicitly preempts state law, nor even just if there's a direct conflict between the two. There are two more cases where it applies: 

The Supreme Court held that Congress had occupied the field on immigration: Congressional regulation was sufficiently comprehensive that there was no room for states to pass any laws controlling immigrants. So, states cannot criminalize illegal immigration because the federal laws on the matter don't leave any role for them. Furthermore, states can't give their police the authority to arrest immigrants without warrant for being removable, because that's giving them more power than federal immigration officers (who normally need a warrant), and undermines the fact that Congress normally requires a warrant before making those arrests (increasing federal discretion). No, this law would not be upheld. We know because this actually happened: Arizona passed a state law making it a state crime to be in violation of federal alien registration laws (which automatically includes illegal immigrants) and giving state and local law enforcement the power to arrest people if they had probable cause to believe the person had committed some crime making them removable from the US. The United States filed suit against Arizona, and the Supreme Court struck down those provisions (as well as one making it a crime for an illegal immigrant to seek employment in the state, which had no federal counterpart) in United States v. Arizona as being preempted by federal authority.