I think this extract from the Mixed language's wikipedia article will help you: So by taking a root from a single word, we're able to produce several other words related to the first. For example: farm Multifunctionality: Language can take different functions: poetic, metalinguistic, phatic, etc. Now, if you search for "accented" in the dictionary, it will give you the definition of "stressed", but I think stressed would be more appropriate for this task. And indeed, there is also another ambiguity about this: in some languages, not all stressed syllables bear accents (diacritics) and vice versa. EDIT 2: Answering to your comment, the point was to prove that ASL was not a "bad gesturing imitation" of the English language, but rather a true language on its own; this was done by Stokoe, who also encountered many obstacles doing it. The American Sign Language is complex enough under all those points, so it can't just be a simplified version of English; not to mention that it didn't even derive from English. Stokoe wrote some texts about this in case you're interested to go more in depth. If that wasn't enough, Sign languages have their written form or SignWriting (just an example). They can be also be transcribed, the most used method being the Hamburg Notation System or HamNoSys, which would be the IPA version for the Sign Languages. Duality: There are two levels, primary and secondary. A quick example would be the word cat we used earlier. The letters C, A and T are meaningless when given singularly (except particular cases but let's ignore that for now). If I say "C", you won't get nothing out of it. This could constitute our secondary level. When this elements are combined, we get to the primary level, the units. Person deixis: those that are used to refer to speaker and addressee (I, you, we) Place deixis: those that refer to spatial context (here, there) Time deixis: these that refer to temporal context (now, then, verb tense markers) Discourse deixis: those that refer to parts of unfolding discourse (next, below, furthermore) Social deixis: those that encode aspects of the social relationship between speaker and addressee (Her Majesty) Perceptual deixis: There's Harry I'm not sure how it works with Sign Languages (about being a natural language or not), but since you mentioned spoken languages too, I answered to that. However this is a false perspective because the "base language" you learned as Italian is not "pure" at all. It's the result of all the previous influences and borrowings; there is no such thing as truly, 100% pure language. There are more welcoming and less welcoming languages, so to speak, but you won't find a truly immutable, pure language, at least not in the Information Age we're in. Geographically isolated languages might show a higher degree of "purity", but they can still be influenced, because that's the very nature of languages. Not sure about what language you're working on, but the Nominative is referred to as Direct case (including also the vocative, when available), while the rest of the cases, including Dative and Genitive, are classified as Oblique cases. Displacement: We can talk about something (car, last night's soccer match) even if it's not there anymore or not in front of us. E.g. Talking in a bar "My car is parked outside." Recently also other non-manual components have been highlighted (even if they are considered suprasegmental features): So languages have rules, rules for combining sounds, words and even sentences. With these rules there is a common ground between us and the rest, that can give communication a constant. Different expressions or ways of talking will have a single (mutable but single) point that defines what is appropriate for communicating and what is not. What is being done there is a pro-form substitution (replacement); "this/that" are called pro-forms. Traditionally, by deixis is meant the location and identification of person, objects, events, processes and activities being talked about, or referred to, in relation to the spatiotemporal context created and sustained by the act of utterance and the participation in it, typically, of a single speaker and at least one addressee; we can analyze them this way: What you have reported in your question is a matter of (having a wrong) perspective. I used to dislike the seemingly vast amount of loanwords, so I can understand those that don't like it, but I changed my mind. Consider this: you're living now, so your perspective comes from what is happening now. You (a general you) learned a certain language that you call Italian since your childhood, with a specific vocabulary. During your life you've experienced an acquisition of foreign terms, so from your perspective it's been "contaminated" (for lack of a better word) by other languages. Ambiguity: There is not a unique relation between a signifier and a signified. A signifier could have many signifieds and a signified could have multiple signifiers. Going back to my previous statement, the Italian you learned is full of borrowed words that you think are perfectly Italian. Just to name a few: Systemacity: Elements and words combine in a language according to certain rules. Without rules, we wouldn't be able to determine the meaning of an utterance or even decide whether an utterance has meaning at all. Sign Languages Sign languages are natural, which means they aren't created artificially to cover a certain purpose. They can be, but they are naturally born in deaf communities. In the past, deaf communities or even twins have been discovered and what happened was that they naturally developed a sign language to communicate. In conclusion: languages change, and one of the ways they do is to assimilate foreign terms. That's just what they do. Trying to "save" a language can be good when the native speakers are dying out, but in this case it's kind of pointless.