Third: Mujahid has narrated that Allah transformed their hearts, as in put a seal on them, and did not transform their physical bodies. The exmaple of this is 62:5 Then on the day of the conquest of Mecca, the Prophet commanded that he should be killed, even if he is clinging to the Kaabah. When this is proven in the Tafsir, then applying it to Muslims in general is not appropriate. Again, Angel Gabriel is the Holy Spirit in Islam: 

4:172 Never would the Messiah disdain to be a servant of Allah, nor would the angels near [to Him]. And whoever disdains His worship and is arrogant - He will gather them to Himself all together. 

Niqash said: No Jew remains who says this, but all of them have been destroyed. 

Yes, it sort of does. Though it does not necessarily imply that all Christians believe that, nor is it explicitly stated that the established concept of Trinity is the divinity of God, Jesus and Mary(rather than the Holy Spirit). Indeed the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) interacted with diverse sects that were present in his region at his time and they had diverse beliefs. It means normal everyday rocks and is meant to convey the sheer intensity of the fire: that it would even eat away stones, like lava. Disbelief here basically means rejecting what Allah is. Allah for example is Al-Ahad (The One); if you believe in an Allah who is one of many gods, then you're not truly believing in Allah. Even if the verse itself was explicitly revealed regarding Uhud, the general understanding can (and probably should) be extrapolated for not only any form of fighting, but for general unity of the Ummah itself. Whether it was an offensive or a defensive battle is irrelevant; fighting was commanded, and those who believed (or claimed to believe) that the Prophet spoke with the authority of God should've been committed to following through on that, but for whatever reason (be it weakness of faith, fear of worldly harm or outright malice) many weren't. 

And in the case of Iblis, he knows that Allah exists yes. Despite that, he refused to obey Allah's direct order: In his arrogance, he basically refuses to believe Allah has the authority to give such an order, or that he has to obey it. 

According to Tafsir Ibn Kathir, this verse was explicitly revealed in the context of the Battle of Uhud; in that sense it would be seen as a defensive battle as the Makkan army was at that time sent against the Muslims of Medina. However, taken in context the emphasis is far less on any particular mode of fighting as it is on unity. The hypocrites who "…say what [they] do not do" are essentially being reprimanded for either failing to fulfill their promises to stand with the Prophet and fight, or for claiming that they had fought hard when they did not. In other words, for appearing to stand as one with the fighting forces when they in fact did not. As Al-Malik (The Sovereign), Allah does have the authority to give whatever order He wills to whosoever He wills, and His authority holds over all of creation, including Iblis. Rejecting His orders and His laws is basically believing in an Allah that isn't Al-Malik: Again, this is not truly believing in Allah.