Yes you can for certain items - for example, when I look in my Steam inventory at my many copies of Dota 2, I can select one and a "Permanently delete gift..." button appears as per below; 

Highlight the entry for "PATH" and click "Edit...". Opt out of Steam beta If you are a member of the Steam beta program, it might be worthwhile opting out of the beta program and reverting to a previous version of Steam (it should do this automatically) to see if this resolves your problem. As an alternative to running msconfig to force Safe Mode with Networking, it is possible to achieve the same effect by pressing F8 at the correct point during Windows startup (just before the Windows logo first appears, after the power on self test has completed). From here you can select any item and send it to a friend, either by using their Steam account name or email address. Finally one other solution that I haven't come across before is using a utility called TCPView to close the connection from Steam during the update process, after it has stalled. This is detailed here in this Steam forum post and involves using a free Microsoft Sysinternals application called TCPView. The details on how to achieve this are as follows; 

How do I log out of an account on Steam mobile? Something important you should consider Using a third party application to access Steam is technically against the terms of service you agreed to when you signed up and created your Steam account, and may get you banned. This is what a completed badge with all collected cards looks like, before crafting the badge (and thus using up the cards), complete with a "Ready" button; 

Regarding HTML5 support in the Steam browser, this should be supported - the Steam browser is based off Webkit which does support HTML5. To help validate what the issue is in relation to your ability to load HTML5 content within the overlay, browse to the YouTube HTML5 status page; Once you have found something in the workshop that you wish to download, click on the 'Subscribe' button (big green button similar to the 'Add to Cart' button). This will add the content to your subscriptions list. Some games may require you to restart the game to download subscribed content. 

There are four methods of earning Snow Globe cards: 

Crafting other badges will result in a Snow Globe card for each badge crafted 

Select your operating system, for example "Windows 7/Vista/XP/2008/2003" 

Performing a partial reinstall (keeping your games) If you're certain this is not an issue with your anti-virus/internet security application and you haven't opted in to the beta, you can try one of the following to see if it resolves your problem: 

With "physical" copies of SteamWorks games, installing and registering with Steam is required anyway in order to install the game. This will allow you to download the game through Steam. If you wish to use Steam on your mobile device you should stick with the official Steam for mobiles application, which will allow you to stay signed in on your home computer while logged in on your mobile device. 

Now there is a generic Downloads Restriction setting, too! Under Steam > Settings > Downloads, there is now an option available that allows you to specify a specific time frame to download updates. If you know you're going to be using mobile data for a specific time frame, you could use this functionality as a workaround to ensure that updates are not downloaded during that specific time frame: 

As for the extraction stage, it doesn't use any Internet usage.. It's not like you can download 400MB in 3 seconds with Aussie Internet speeds? 

There currently is no way to remove licenses granted through Family Sharing. Well, the loaner can revoke your licenses (access), but you can't remove them from the receiving end of them... You don't need to do this. See your question 1. 

It isn't. It is merely updating out-of-date addons that have been currently installed. 

These examples have been created with this account. Otherwise, Steam will automatically perform a verification and most likely update all the files; re-download the whole game. NB: This applies to all titles purchased from the store or received through CD keys. Even though this is a F2P title, it was activated trough a CD key. Games like TF2 and DoTA 2 will work fine, but other titles such as Counter-Strike: GO will require a repurchase (for his account) or family sharing licenses. 

I have used the Stellaris launcher to add a mod to the Steam workshop for the game of the same name, but after doing so, it appears with a blank thumbnail: Borderlands previously did not include steam achievements. If it just came out recently, I'd give them a day or so to get database issues sorted out. 

So with the Steam Summer Sale in full swing, I've finally taken notice of the Steam Mascots. 

to: http://store.steampowered.com/app/8980/ (no achievements listed) Playing Civ V in offline mode should allow you to play other steam games simultaneously. I feel compelled to point out, however, that steam only allows one copy of itself to run at any given time, so short of some technical tinkering, you're still limited to one game / steam / computer. 

Is this something doable in-game, or is there some workshop setting that I'm missing? (There definitely are mods for this game with thumbnails) SteamID refers to your Steam account's unique numeric identifier. The instructions below will help you find your SteamID - for assistance with the Steam Community, please see the Steam Community topic.