Remember that followers get a multiplicative x2.5 bonus on stat bonuses from items. That means if you give them a +40 Vitality amulet, they'll actually get +100 Vitality (which is 1k life). Make sure you've got your follower properly equipped. Rock Giants apparently have an ability that puts up a swirly shield that will reflect projectiles away from it, and cause said projectiles to damage you and your party. This is especially dangerous if you have large projectiles and/or lots of friends playing with you. The Wizard's Teleport and the Barbarian's Leap both allow them to move to a new location. In using Teleport, I've noticed there are some times when I can teleport to a location my mouse is on, and there are some times I cannot. I suspect Leap is similar. Anytime you see this swirly garbage, switch to a non-projectile attack (e.g. Disintegrate, Blizzard, Electrocution, etc.). TL;DR You cannot hire a follower in multiplayer, and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players, the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire. Early on, my typical strategy when surrounded was to Frost Nova, try to deal some damage, then when they were un-frozen, Wave of Force for the stun and either more damage or run away. The Evocation passive skill you get at level 13 is great for keeping these up. Another thing I'd like to mention, which probably is true for all classes, is that you should also look into raising your actual resistances (physical resistance + elements), since they are pretty easy damage reduction, especially early on. I have around 100 or so intelligence on my gear, just because some good gear that I needed happened to have intelligence on it as well, and just from those little points and War Cry + the rune that raises your resistances, my damage from everything is reduced by a little over 10%, which is pretty huge. Since the rune also increases your resistance percentage, instead of a flat value, I'm assuming that it will become much more important later on than, for example, the rune that raises your HP by 10% (remember: Essentially, taking 10% less damage is the same as having 10% more HP). Because of this, there is a specific option included in the Auction House search function to search for stats that you want to have on your item. Repeat this a lot and eventually you'll end up at the destination where you want to go (boss-fights, for example). If you want some real advice, though: The best merchants are players. If you're looking for good items, check the auction house. The items might be expensive, but you will get good items, and sometimes still for relatively low cost, way ahead of the quality that you're going to get from merchants (especially rares). This thread discusses all of this (notice Bashiok's post later in the thread, acknowledging these facts). You earn XP for your own kills, and for the kills your followers make. You can't use followers while in a party with other people, so they will have to stay at home in that case. Also, the follower type does not influence the rate of XP gain. I've played a Barbarian since release now, read several forums for Barbarian discussion from time to time, and I'm in Hell difficulty right now. On the upside: This makes actual "talent building" and combat preparation for a certain fight pretty important, since you can't rush through the entire game with the same build anymore (at least on higher difficulties), which is a welcome strategic element, in my opinion. One thing to note: In Act IV there are wells which give you frenzy and also heal you. They work the same way as normal shrines and don't stack. In case of rare's it doesn't really make sense either, since there is a huge range of rare names for weapons with the same attributes and bonuses. If you look for a rare with a certain name, you might be missing out on a differently named item, that has better stats at the same cost. There are several attacks available to a Demon Hunter that don't require a ranged weapon to be equipped. If you build around these abilities, such as Grenades, Caltrops, Impale, Chakram, Fan of Knives, and many others (indeed, most others), you substantially expand your available weapon options and thus, the variety of stats available to you. The downside of course is that you are locked out of some skills, such as Hungering Arrow, and - especially at low levels - you might not have all the tools you need to make this work. There may be a few others, but I don't have any confirmation on them - as a rule of thumb, anything that involves replacing arrows with knives or grenades will probably work. I'm curious about the Nether Tentacles rune for Elemental Arrow personally. The takeaway from this, for most players, is that you can evaluate the value of a ruby in most weapons simply by using the lower bound listed as a flat modifier. The only edge case is at very low levels with very slow weapons - a circumstance in which a Ruby is better than all other options no matter what, anyway. TL;DR You cannot hire a follower in multiplayer, and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players, the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire. Don't give up Intelligence if you can bear it. Non-stat abilities (especially Magic Find) this early in the game are not your friend - you will be tempted to give up good equipment for them, and it isn't worth it. Intelligence will increase your damage and resistances, and should be well above all your other stats. I don't care if those rare boots have 9% Faster Run walk and 10% MF - you use those +20 Int boots over them, any day of the week. That being said, if it isn't a big damage hit, Vitality is also critically important for staying alive. Remember that followers get a multiplicative x2.5 bonus on stat bonuses from items. That means if you give them a +40 Vitality amulet, they'll actually get +100 Vitality (which is 1k life). Make sure you've got your follower properly equipped.