When a pitcher balks, a ball is issued to the batter, all runners advance 1 base. The thought that Mo'ne Davis could compete in the MLB with a normal skill set (by which I mean a fastball and two off-speed pitches) is absurd. Unless she developed a devastating knuckle ball she wouldn't stand a chance. This is purely physiological, females mature earlier than males and most likely we saw the best pure athlete that she will ever be. Don't get me wrong she could refine mechanics and control, but the likelihood she throws over 85 MPH ever is slim. If she were able to do that, then she would join the club of thousands of males in the minor leagues and independent leagues that can do so also. Another thing to consider is that the 7th inning is usually an inning that you see a reliever, or you continue to see a dominant starter. In the reliever case, hitters production drops off (most people think it is because you only see that guy for one at bat every once in a while). In the starter case, to begin the 7th inning the starter would be throwing a pretty solid game (probably a quality start) and it can be hard to say that even with the pitch count rising that he will be less effective. Major League Baseball has begun collecting a set of physics data under the name "Statcast", including such information as the exit velocity of notable home runs. I would like to know if this data is permanently archived somewhere, so that I can give stable references to it (e.g. in a paper). For example, in this photo from May 9, 2015 (credit David Richard of USA Today), we see Cleveland manager Terry Francona making a visit to the mound. The shirt he's wearing is completely different from his player's uniforms, and it doesn't look like he has a uniform jersey underneath. Why the break with tradition? Was there a rule change, or simply managers deciding to dress differently for some reason? All I have found so far is the "Statcast Leaderboard", which shows, e.g. the longest or fastest home runs of the season (or postseason) to date. But presumably the leaderboard data will eventually be replaced with next season's data. Even during a season, a particular home run might "fall off" the leaderboard. So if I refer to that particular home run in my paper, readers may eventually not be able to find the data to verify it, unless I can give a link to some permanent home for the data. Some relievers will pitch out of the stretch whether or not there is a runner on base. This is because they often come in with runners on base and their rhythm is to pitch out of the stretch. This leaves us with the other three sports: As for the second part, I have not seen a publicly searchable database with that fine of granularity. Here is a story about the Minnesota Twins landing a undrafted player with a lot of potential. I don't not consider baseball a sport where you play the ball and not the man, as hitting versus a pitcher that throws in the 90's vs the 70's is a significant difference. A sport that could fit into that is golf. The ball lies the same no matter whom is playing it. This leads to Annika Sorenstam who played with the men on the PGA tour and missed the cut in the Bank of America Colonial tournament. During the same year she was able to win on the LPGA tour, leading me to believe that even for a woman to make the cut on the PGA tour would be a significant accomplishment.