Which side a person believes to me seems to have far more to do with what country that person hails from and/or how that person feels about Atomic Weaponry in general, than anything else. So the hope of there being a single impartial number that isn't somehow tainted by politics is remote in the extreme. So now you have to ask yourself why, with all of the great scope of less certain events in Human History to chose from, is this person obsessing over this one? On the other hand, anybody who wanted to fight the occupiers could go join Tito. Thus one would expect Tito's followers to be more numerous based on the simple math of the situation. I know the common narrative is to divide US foreign policy thought into two camps: Isolationist and Interventionist, but I've always found that an inadequate tool. Another good example of this came in April of 1940. Despite their imminent need to begin action in France before the allies could further mobilize, the Germans invaded Norway. The only real value of Norway to Germany was that it supplied them a lot of their iron. France was not invaded for another month. (The reference to Haus der Geschichte is to the exhibits in the museum of modern German history in Bonn, so presumably this is for West Germany only) I suppose you could draw that comparison. However, I don't believe the respective folks responsible were looking at things that way. Churchill put it down to the difference in the two governments. In the USA, a formal declaration of war requires an act of Congress. Both houses didn't get around to this until 1PM on Dec 8 (a veritable speed record for them, really). The President didn't sign the declaration until 5PM (although many argue this isn't required on a declaration of war). This is a matter of very hot debate. It depends on what assumptions you make about what would have happened in the future. But there are two basic scenarios: Looked at in this way, it becomes much more simple. Here's a tiny sample of nearly universally accepted historical events that are not as well-attested as the Holocaust: I don't like it when good people get dismissed as "lucky". In general, I don't believe in that kind of luck. "Luck" is when preparation meets opportunity. It takes skill, ability, and work to get into a position where you get to be lucky. However, in that sense, you could say the US won Midway through luck. A large part of the New Deal was makework programs to give some of the nearly 13 million unemployed (over 20% of the labor force) something somewhat productive to do. The WPA, the CCC, and the NYA were all programs of that ilk. So personally I find the claim that the Poles were somehow maliciously not informed about the proposed carve-up, and thus things turned out worse for them, unlikely on both counts. Now of course in the short run the result was a really big deal. But the Japanese knew what they were doing, and they took their opportunities during the war as well. So it may be better to note that the loss of those 4 carriers essentially ended any hope of winning the war for Japan, whilst the USA lost at least nine carriers during the war, and still ended the war with far more carriers than they started with (or needed). Union propaganda sized upon this, turning it into something close to a modern meme (picture it getting tens of thousands of retweets with this video attached). For example, it was said that "Unconditional Surrender" was actually what Grant's first two initials stood for. Alternatively, if you happened to be a sociopath, the nearly indiscriminate terror and the impunity might appeal to you. I have read a book that tries to delve into this phenomenon: James Waller's Becomming Evil: How Ordinary People Commit Genocide and Mass Killing (at the moment, wikipedia claims this is the standard college textbook on the subject). His basic thesis is that under the right circumstances most (not all, but most) ordinary people will quite willingly participate in mass evil of this kind. Passively sure, but even actively, if called upon to do so. The German diversion to the Caucus oil fields by most accounts was due to Hitler's prioritizing of that objective over major Russian population centers. So it wasn't a purposeful strategy for Stalingrad, but a reflection of the fact that Stalingrad wasn't considered the top objective for them. So the USA won battles mostly as a result of being competent, and of having the ability (through their superior production capacity) to hang in the war long enough for things to start going their way. The Japanese were effectively gambling against The House. Interestingly, on this basis, the Army put in an order for about half a million Purple Hearts (the medal given for combat wounds of any kind). They have been working through this stockpile ever since, and still have over 100,000 of them left. If I have to listen to every wacked-out theory anyone with a grudge can dream up to claim all of Human History never occurred, there's no point to recording anything at all.