The very dominant position throughout islamic history has been that which (for example) the hadith by Bukhari relates: Aisha was 6 at the age of marriage and 9 at the age of consummation (first sexual intercourse). There have been some minor opinions that she was older, but those never posed any serious contest to the explicit account of Aisha herself. 

This can easily be understood as a reminder to men who want to marry multiple wives that they have to treat their wives equitably. However, if there is no way for the wives to enforce this, it can easily fall flat. This leads to the questions: 

Enforcability is not just via criminal prosecution, it can also be via civil liability. 

(4) If the wife does not fulfill one of the above-mentioned obligations, she is termed "rebellious" (nashiz)[..] 

Fatwa 83157 does say "Therefore, the wife should ask her husband's permission to leave her house, let him know where and when she is going and with whom she holds her meetings etc., all these matters come under the obedience of her husband." Disobedience relieves the husband of his obligation to support her according to Reliance of the Traveler m11.9: 

If I find the time this weekend, I'll look at Hanafi sources as well. 

In 4:3, it says per the Sahih International translation: 

In a long Hadith in Sahih al-Bukhari you also find that O'mar ibn al Khatab divorced two of his non-muslim wifes after the revealing of the Verse (60:10). 

Situation for converts in non-muslim countries 

An article on how to end up a haram relationship 

Also check Who are the women that a man is forbidden to marry? 

But let them who find not [the means for] marriage abstain [from sexual relations] until Allah enriches them from His bounty. And those who seek a contract [for eventual emancipation] from among whom your right hands possess - then make a contract with them if you know there is within them goodness and give them from the wealth of Allah which He has given you. And do not compel your slave girls to prostitution, if they desire chastity, to seek [thereby] the temporary interests of worldly life(Translation of Yusuf Ali: But force not your maids to prostitution when they desire chastity, in order that ye may make a gain in the goods of this life.). And if someone should compel them, then indeed, Allah is [to them], after their compulsion, Forgiving and Merciful.** 

Finally a practice which is clearly contrary to shari'a 

According the Sunni point of view nikah al-Muta' is haram because it has a touch of zina and it is considered as abrogated! 

So if assisting to this marriage means that she would spend the night at a "foreign" house then it is not allowed for her to be present. Note that the time for grief in Islam ends after three days as stated in this hadith (except for the widow), afterwards life should go on as normal as possible under the given circumstances. 

Therefore if forcing someone to do haram is haram, then forcing someone to do something (even if it is halal) should be haram, because someone who has been forced to do something will always reject and hate it! So you would make someone hate to do something halal and might guide him to haram! So forcing should be replaced by gentleness. And harming and forcing is against the asked kindness towards women in the Hadith mentioned above. See also here 

How to understand Verse (24:3) 

Also read this fatwa on the limits of intimacy. 

This fatwa (I've only come across an Arabic fatwa) says: it is perfectly allowed for the son to get married before the end of the 'iddah of his mother and there's no harm for his mother to be present for the "wedding ceremony" if this doesn't mean that she would stay the night out of her home and she should avoid anything which is haram for a woman during her 'iddah like putting on perfume and beauty products etc. (also see in sahih Muslim and read this fatwa in English) 

After divorce the guardian is asked here not to hinder the former spouses to remarry if they both want to get back together! 

Fatwa 83157 does say "Therefore, the wife should ask her husband's permission to leave her house, let him know where and when she is going and with whom she holds her meetings etc., all these matters come under the obedience of her husband." Disobedience relieves the husband of his obligation to support her according to Reliance of the Traveler m11.9: 

In his comments to m10.12 Nuh Ha Mim Keller says: 

If I find the time this weekend, I'll look at Hanafi sources as well. 

After that the recommends steps to stop her rebelliousness (admonition and advice, leaving the marriage bed, hitting her; attempts to stop her from rebelling are made in that order as mentioned in a number of answers on this site as well); the text is clear that she is considered rebellious and that this relieves the husband of his duty to support her, and if admonishing and advising her and not sleeping with her don't work, then he can hit her; Keller (still in m10.12) mentions the condition for hitting that: 

The very dominant position throughout islamic history has been that which (for example) the hadith by Bukhari relates: Aisha was 6 at the age of marriage and 9 at the age of consummation (first sexual intercourse). There have been some minor opinions that she was older, but those never posed any serious contest to the explicit account of Aisha herself.