If he had been nominated as Vice-President (and a prospective President, given FDR's decline) in 1944, it would have split the Democratic Party into right and left wings, and (probably) handed the Presidency to the Republicans. Instead, the Democrats nominated the far more pragmatic Harry S. Truman, who came from Missouri, a "border" state that was almost equally acceptable to the Western and Southern parts of the country, shoring up FDR's electoral power in those two regions. Truman held them in his own election in 1948, losing FDR's northeastern base to Dewey. Did people at the time make the argument that the electoral college "math" stacked up in favor of Dewey, even though Truman might win the popular vote? My sense is that this was not the case, and Truman was expected to lose the popular vote also. Why might that be? Okinawa is a case in point. Wikipedia lists American casualties (to the nearest thousand) as 20,000 dead, 55,000 wounded, 26,000 psychiatric, that is 75,000 physical casualties, 101,000 in all. Japanese casualties were estimated at 77,000-110,000 dead, 7,000 known be captured, approximating the American toll. Puerto Rico is an unincorporated US territory. The US won the island from Spain in the Spanish-American War along with the Philippines and Guam, so it is also referred to as a colonial possession, specifically by the UN's Decolonization Committee. Attitudes Towards the Audience Farm animals, like horses, cows and oxen do not eat corn. (Today now we have our ways of making them eat it by processing it...) So, corn is an excellent crop for small farmers that do not keep large, expensive farm animals, but rather keep only hogs, turkeys or chickens. The farmer doesn't have to grow too many crops to feed himself and his animals with the system. In early America most farmers were yeomen farmers. In the Southeast, this model was very popular. There are four stages of political campaigns: 1. Surfacing 2. Primaries 3. Nominating Conventions 4. The General Election Today, more or less popular culture has been victorious. A major reason is that mass media markets expanded in the 20th century and we are continuously exposed and normalized to pop culture messages, but it is also simply a cultural shift. Writers are encouraged to keep communications simple and understandable to everyone in society, unless a book or communication is absolutely directed for a small number of experts. Political speeches are no longer flowery or use complex grammar, because it is considered more important that everyone understands and participates in the democratic process. Letters are largely not written at all and have been replaced by email, text messaging, instant messaging, or even picture messaging. On the other hand, the other 12 states or so of the Purchase were basically empty. The whole purpose of the Lewis and Clark expedition was to explore most of these states (other than Louisiana). They were later settled by Americans used to English common law. But there was (practically) no French influence beforehand. Did the Philippines actually have the strategic military or political importance that MacArthur attached to them, and need to be recaptured even if the Japanese had garrisoned them with a million men? Or was it even the case that the Americans had underestimated the transfer of Japanese troops to the islands, so that they thought they were facing X soldiers, when in fact, there was "a multiple of X" on the Philippines? No less a historical figure than Winston Churchill (in "A History of the English Speaking Peoples") opined that the final outcome would like have been the same (a Northern victory) with less bloodshed if McClellan had been left in charge. The reason is that Ulysses S. Grant was winning in the west, capturing 'Tennessee in 1862, and Mississippi in 1863, thereby cutting off these states plus Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas from the main Confederacy, pursuant to General Winfield Scott's Anacaonda Plan. In 1864, Grant and Sherman could have traversed Georgia, cutting off another slice (Georgia, Alabama, Florida) of the Confederacy. Eventually, the South would lack the "critical mass" to survival.