On the eleventh day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Eleven Chuck Yeagers, Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Do we want to reward a person who posted one answer and then never came back? I suggest downvoting and/or commenting on it, not flagging as "Not An Answer". I'm a moderator on Stack Overflow and for me, it's a combination of things. I've been around long enough on Stack Overflow, that I tend to be picky in the questions that I answer. If I see something that's interesting, I'll spend time writing up a decent answer, typically with tested, code, etc - these typically take time to write. Lately these questions are few and far between so I don't spend as much time answering and more time moderating. I doubt a user who posted a one good answer and is no longer active is really going to care about receiving a badge. On the ninth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap I was the moderator who reviewed and declined the flag because I felt that it was an answer. While it is not necessarily the best answer, it is an answer directing the OP to review the configuration file which is an answer. As a moderator, I am also expected to spend time handling flags, and performing other janitorial duties which does take away from my ability to answer questions. Considering I have a full-time job, a family, and I like to spend time away from my computer (I know it's shocking), it can be a bit of a juggling act being a moderator on a site as big as SO. I've got to pick and choose what I'm going to tackle on the site, I could spend hours moderating the site. The typical line is that moderators should be involved in things that the community can't handle - that applies to flagging, user problems, etc. - review queues are open to everyone with the privilege including diamond mods. I am sorry but this badge would be pointless. As far as answering on Meta, I do tend to answer more questions there, mainly because we get a lot of questions about moderator actions, and about the site in general. I'll answer based on my perspective as a mod, or based on my experience as a user of the site. In this case, we had one moderator who let us know they could no longer be active as a moderator. The SO flag queue has been hovering near the 2k mark, so I decided that we should ask two people to step up. Both of the newest mods were contacted to see if they were still interested in stepping up before being diamonded. We'd never just diamond folks who were runners up without asking if they still want to help. Since the last SO election was less than 6 months ago, we reached out to some of the runners up to see if they were interested. Typically, if an election is within 6 months we'll ask the runners up. If more than 6 months, then we'll call for a new election. We use the 6 month timeframe as a guideline, it will always depend on the need of the site. On the tenth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap So why did he do it then? Maybe for the badges (if he doesn't have them already), which I find highly unlikely looking at the user's reputation (not the site reputation, but the way we know him here on SE for his positive contributions). To talk in a little more detail about the updated proposal: We can only speculate why OP rolled back that edit, and why he is using his own server. Maybe he thinks it is cool to do so, I don't know. (I didn't include a link to the post because I don't want to point to him) Thanks for listening to the community. I felt there was a huge resistance and that was primarily caused by not listening. So thanks for taking our opinion in consideration now. (I still don't agree, but at least we can have some influence on the outcome) I don't totally agree on your statement that a single sentence with a link to another resource is an answer in most cases. When the questions are lacking any effort I agree this could be a decent answer, but probably it is better to close the question anyway. I think the proposal lacks a very important part: old posts and updated posts. In short: this proposal isn't ready yet! Okay, there will come a FAQ entry in some time, but how things are handled should be discussed now, and not in some time in the future. We all need time to go over it. In my opinion, old posts should have the old license. An indicator of which license is applicable would be very nice then. Since the last SO election was less than 6 months ago, we reached out to some of the runners up to see if they were interested. Typically, if an election is within 6 months we'll ask the runners up. If more than 6 months, then we'll call for a new election. We use the 6 month timeframe as a guideline, it will always depend on the need of the site. I am sorry but this badge would be pointless. On the eighth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Should diamond moderators spend time in review? Of course, they should, if they have time to do so. Why wouldn't they? I suggest downvoting and/or commenting on it, not flagging as "Not An Answer". On the tenth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap