So these two approaches to infinity cannot be explained in terms of one another, do not overlap in domains of application, and arise from very different points of view. So the answer to the last question is 'definitely not'. There is no single 'infinity' in any system of infinitesimals equivalent to, for instance 'countably many', there are many. And there is no reciprocal of 'continuously many', only of different scales of infinity unrelated to countability or projection. Most strikingly to me, we invent object permanence. If we see identical things in two different places in our vision too quickly in succession, we see them as the same thing, we invent a continuous path between them in our vision, and we remember it as real. If the objects are seen in different orientations or in different colors, we think we can remember the exact point in our visual field where 'it' changed color or flipped over, even though 'it' was two different objects, and neither of them was ever in that position. The idea that the underlying core of quantum dynamics is randomness is known as the Copenhagen interpretation. It is the simplest one to lay out, but from the very beginning, it bothered people of a more idealistic bent. It is what drew the famous "The Old Man does not throw dice" quote from Einstein. To the extent that we can imagine anything timelessly, we can imagine empty space timelessly more easily than we can imagine actual matter or energy, which is made up of 'waving' entities, timelessly. We have no idea what light or particles would actually look like if they were stopped. But we know we could never see it -- light travel is not instantaneous. So it may be that empty space is the only thing we can imagine properly without time involved. But that does not undermine its usability as a component of theories. It just requires compromise between different applications of the principle to be chosen by each theory. We just have to guess what is and is not special about home until we get a good sense of life abroad. So the theory is that we are not born to learn how to notice two "x" marks as the same thing, but we are born to learn things like how to know two ripe apples as the same thing, or two prowling cats as the same thing, and we have leveraged that for more general purposes. It is easier to do the math as if we have perfect focus and that the target is always moving than to dwell on the idea that our attempts to focus are what moves the target. Again, both interpretations net the same data, so folks adopt the simpler one. If you object to it philosophically, there is still a valid option for addressing why we see the effect. From a modern, non-Platonic, axiomatic point of view, mathematics does not collect facts, it studies the implications of groups of axioms. We obviously make up the axioms themselves. And our sense of which axioms-sets matter is derived from human intuition. Kant took Hume seriously, but then addressed the problem with a distinction that lacked a difference, proposing 'noumena', a basic reality that had rules of its own, that were only partially detectable in phenomena, and much of philosophy was satisfied with that answer or some simple parallel.