As @mattnz says in his comment, it is all about vanity. It's exactly the same reason a guy will drive a Ferrari when he could get get from A to B just as quickly (assuming speed limits are observed) in a Ford. Assuming that these parts are actually ok, then the problem becomes one of poor mechanics. Two things spring to mind: You may want to visit the Scott site, you may find something similar To go compact, you can just replace your current crankset with a FC-5750, or even with an FC-5650 if you can find one. Try looking on eBay, you may find a bargain. 5800 is an 11-speed system, you could probably get away with using this crankset (since the differences are small), but it will not fit as perfectly as 5600/5700. First there are the physical properties of the groupsets. As you move up the groupsets, what you're buying into is essentially smoothness and lightness. As long as the 5600 and 5700 cassettes contained the same number of gears, the two cassettes will be interchangeable. They're both 10-speed, so you'll be fine. You'd have had problems going from a 9- to 10-speed, or going from a 10- to 11-speed. The reason in each case would be because of chain width. So, looking at Shimanio's site, the part you need is either the FC-5750, or the FC-5650. The "50" appears to denote compact. Last, on a practical note, its worth saying that groupsets cost a lot less when bought as part of a bike, than they do when bought standalone. So if you're the type of rider who will say "if only I had a better bike I could smash my pb", you're better off by going for the superior groupset straight away - it will be cheaper in the long run than getting the lesser groupset and upgrading parts piecemeal. And are you sure you have fitted things to this bike which are compatible with those you removed? You can do a straight swap of the crankset, everything else will be compatible, although will need readjustment. (1) the chain you used as a replacement is the wrong length, and/or (2) you did not adjust the derailleurs correctly after your chain/cassette changes. However I can imagine you're going to have to change just about everything else, though, including wheels (well, as far as the freehub at least). UPDATE: Contrary to what I'd been told about eBay purchases, Shimano honored the warranty and replaced the shifter. I spoke to a customer service rep about it first because I was told I needed an RMA to return it, but that's not true either. Simply fill out the warranty form available on their web site and ship the item to them with the completed form. Well, I tried soaking it with WD40 and then re-lubing it with spray lithium grease. No improvement whatsoever. So I took it to the LBS, which declared it DOA. They say they've seen this before with Shimano shifters. Some internal part gets even slightly bent and the shifter fails completely. And they're not really serviceable, so that means replace it. This was a one-month old high-end shifter. It was never damaged or misused. Next bike will sport SRAM or Campy components. They use half as many parts, work just as well, and can be field serviced. Edit My issue seems to be akin to the one discussed on this thread. http://forums.mtbr.com/brake-time/xt-xtr-brakes-get-squeal-power-loss-after-sitting-idle-6-8-weeks-902792.html Firstly I manage to get power back by cleaning the pads with IPA and heating them with a gas flame as is mentioned in the comments below. Until today I was testing this with just one set of pads. Now there's a chance that my fixes are only good as a temporary measure whilst the bike is being used daily. After sitting maybe some of the contaminants are coming to the surface again. It could also be a build-up of silt from the ride along the canal towpath but I would have expected that to affect me overnight too and not after 3-4 days. This issue is driving me crazy and I'm trying to find out if there are any leaks in the system through various methods. I took the pads out and let them dry for the whole work day one day this week and wiped them with a dry tissue and this did nothing to fix the symptoms.