Hobbes Thomas Hobbes was a political philosopher who is often seen as the successor to Machiavelli; he focused on a practical and effective state as opposed to the ideal utopias of the past. In De Cive, Hobbes set the foundation for his theory of state, from which he determined what would be morally correct: Now then, suppose we're fashioning the happy city—a whole city, not setting apart a happy few and putting them in it. We'll consider its opposite presently. Just as if we were painting statues and someone came up and began to blame us, saying that we weren't putting the fairest colors on the fairest parts of the animal—for the eyes, which are fairest, had not been painted purple but black—we would seem to make a sensible apology to him by saying: "You surprising man, don't suppose we ought to paint eyes so fair that they don't even look like eyes, and the same for the other parts; but observe whether, assigning what's suitable to each of them, we make the whole fair. So now too, don't compel to us to attach to the guardians a happiness that will turn them into everything except guardians."(420c-d) This is a valid and intuitive complaint to many; even if the guardians have some satisfaction in completing their duty to justice, they still won't be very happy at all. Plato's main rebuttal follows: Regarding truth itself, Nietzsche says the following in section 39 of Beyond Good and Evil (Part Two, The Free Spirit): Prior to reading The Prince, I had heard of the aphorism: This was Machiavelli's identifying line to many people, and in my conversations with them, I got the impression that Machiavelli meant the following: that, given an ends profitable enough, any means, even a very immoral one, is justifiable. Nietzsche Another philosopher who occurred to me is Nietzsche. His views are similar to yours, but only marginally so because he differs in terms of what one has a duty to. A big theme in Nietzsche is the "will to power" and the "free spirit." He considers the best men to have a free spirit and exert their will to power as a demonstration of their superiority. As a philosopher, Nietzsche values knowledge and truth, although what he means by those terms, some argue, may be a little different from the common interpretation. The standard text book definition of Utilitarianism is typically given as maximizing the happiness or the good over all people. For example John Stuart Mill states in his book Utilitarianism: First of all, there is the question of which system of ethics are you using? Although the terms ethics and ethical tend used generically as if they were a fixed set of principles, you actually have to specify which ethical system you're using before determining whether an act is ethical or not. Different ethical systems prescribe different courses of action for identical situations. See Cort Ammon's response for example on the difference between how the placebo example would be perceived in Western medicine and how this would be perceived in Chinese medicine. In a deontological ethics, actions are themselves good or bad, regardless of their consequences: Torturing is bad, and it doesn't matter what reason the torturing is being performed for. Kant, with his categorical imperative says that for an action to be acceptable in one situation, it has to be acceptable in any situation. Since torture is not acceptable in some situations, it can never be acceptable no matter what the objective one hopes to achieve. Second, you need to define incest more precisely: In some cultures, incest includes relations between cousins, and between relatives by marriage, etc, while others consider only relations between direct blood relatives to be incest. Henceforth, I will consider only relations between siblings and parents to be incest. However most people who consider themselves religious still consider murder to be a bad thing. Per this principle, sexual pleasure/connection, although desirable, is not as valuable as friendship at the level of ideas and emotional connection. Then, based on utility, one could argue that sexual relations might interfere with real friendships, and so friendship should be prioritized over sex whenever the two compete. My question is, how do utilitarians avoid justifying such scenarios? Or would a utilitarian say that these scenarios are indeed justified? By this same ethical logic, isn't here a point at which the evil and violence committed against innocents (the holocaust, the massacre of the children in Syria, the Armenian genocide, Sandy hook) become so disgusting and irreversible that God should be held responsible for their occurrence? Doesn't he become guilty because of his inaction, just as the kindergarten teacher does? And doesn't this contradict the notion of divine omnibenevolence?