There isn't really a bright line distinction, but John of Damascus (died ~750) is often cited as the last one. For example, Catholic.com: Regarding Ferguson's (1) and (2), the CE says: 

N.B. Some have taken the church's teaching of creationism of the soul (see Catechism 366) and argued that we don't know when God creates the soul in each person. That's likely the argument made by the abortionist you mention, but it's also the exact argument rebutted in Dignitas Personae. Human embryos, according to Roman Catholicism, are always human persons, and thus have souls from their very beginning. 

Based on this I see three ways that proponents of transubstantiation could interpret this passage: According to Bruce Shelley, in Church History in Plain Language, John Wycliffe, the early dissident in Catholicism, accepted the sacrament of extreme unction: 

Much more detailed analysis of the whole affair can be found in other sections of the CE article, for a better understanding of the intriciacies of Honorius's letters and their place in the debate, and the subsequent condemnation. At the same time, the Catholic Encyclopedia notes that "many fragments" of the false decretals "are to be found in the 'Decretum' of Gratian." 

It's perhaps worth noting that while the title of "Father" is no longer applied, the Catholic Church continues to recognize important contributors to theology/doctrine, calling them "Doctors of the Church." The most recent of these, Thérèse of Lisieux, died in 1897. Everett Ferguson, in Church History, I, 17.I, summarizes Roman Catholic response to this question as follows: 

Thus, it's not surprising that the instruction Dignitas Personae (2008) deals with the issue of the personhood of embryos the way it does. Quoting Donum vitae, it reads in part: 

The most relevant sections of the Catechism of the Catholic Church seem to be 662 and 664. The first focuses on Christ's priestly ministry: Through the prayer of his people, Jesus is in communion with his body, and acts as their priest, hearing their prayers and interceding on their behalf. (cf. CCC 2565) Matthew 18:20 is commonly referenced to refer to Christ's presence among his people: 

For advocates of the "spiritual presence" view of communion, this verse is commonly understood as referring to the presence of the Spirit of Jesus, that is, the Holy Spirit. For example, John Wesley: However, I'd like to know if those who believe in transubstantiation – Catholics and Eastern Orthodox – take a similar approach to this passage. According to that doctrine, if I understand correctly, the "substance" or "essence" of Christ's body is present in the Eucharist. I have a feeling that Wycliffe's views on extreme unction were a bit more nuanced, or at least confusing, than that he simply accepted it. So: 

This is surely a huge topic, so let me specify: 

The CE considers (4) "untenable," writing: While reading Louis Berkhof's Systematic Theology, I found him claiming that Catholicism makes an important distinction between the teaching church (ecclesia docens) and the hearing church (ecclesia audiens): 

However, this seems to contradict what Shelley writes next: In the ninth century, a series of elaborate forgeries were written under the pseudonym of Isidore Mercator, which are now known as the Pseudo-Isidorian Decretals (or simply the False Decretals). Among these documents are over 100 letters ostensibly written by popes and bishops in the early church, in which these popes and bishops repeatedly quoted works written centuries after their lifetimes. I recently learned that Pope John XXI revoked a decree passed at the Second Council of Lyon (1274). The Catholic Encyclopedia reads: 

Is this a fair characterization of Catholic ecclesiology? Does official Catholic teaching indicate that the teaching church more truly constitutes the "Church," and more directly shares in its glorious attributes? Reply Obj. 3. The existence of truth in general is self-evident but the existence of a Primal Truth is not self-evident to us. 

Reply Obj. 1. To know that God exists in a general and confused way is implanted in us by nature, inasmuch as God is man's beatitude. For man naturally desires happiness and what is naturally desired by man must be naturally known to him. This, however, is not to know absolutely that God exists; just as to know that someone is approaching is not the same as to know that Peter is approaching, even though it is Peter who is approaching; for many there are who imagine that man's perfect good which is happiness, consists in riches, and others in pleasures, and others in something else. 

I'm just curious, how do such demotions work? Are they unilateral decisions from the Pope? Is there some other established methodology for determining status in the Church? Of course, as usual, not all Baptists agree on interpreting history this way. The Baptist History and Heritage Society, for example, flat out refutes the teaching. Not all people look at it with the same point of view. Some would call it revisionist history, and some would call it a deliberate misinterpretation of history, or a flawed interpretation of the historical facts. (Which is ironic, considering how strongly the concept of "correct interpretation" is to those of us who self-identify as Baptists and Fundamentalists.) Islets of Langerhans (pancreas islet cells) (deceased-donor and living-donor) A priest friend of mine, told me there was once a popular belief in the Middle Ages that the Annunciation coincided with Passion of Our Lord. 

Well, not anymore, but it was. Many small Catholic Missals have a selection of prayers for the dying, usually just before or after the various prayers for the dead. One is quite free to follow the dictates and promptings of the Holy Spirit in the choice of prayers to use, but a Perfect Act of Contrition is most important, since this prayer directly prepares the soul for its voyage home: heaven. If you, as a Protestant chaplain are comfortable reciting Catholic prayers, in the presence of the dying, then I would recommend saying the following prayers. 

I am truly sorry for every sin, mortal and venial, for all the sins of my childhood up to the present hour. §4. A marriage is never permitted if doubt exists whether the partners are related by consanguinity in any degree of the direct line or in the second degree of the collateral line.