Further testimony to the contrary: Though I can't recall the exact quote, Hume famously claimed that the skeptical inquires of philosophy simply vanish once the philosopher leaves his study and joins his friends for some claret, cards, and conversation. Kant argues that one problem with this in morality is the assumption that we can actually predict such consequences, when Kantian limits on knowledge insist that we cannot. If you hide the liar, then the outcome will be more just. This is unwarranted in itself and we can easily think of many unintended consequences. It is utterly crucial in moral philosophy...and more efficacious than Kant's formalization, precisely because it does work with "children," where moral sentiments are first nurtured. The other political interpretation is that some form of leveling is indeed necessary and internal to any stable social system. Those who rise to power will only use it to expand their power. And it is true that in most societies, whether aristocratic or capitalist, those in power insist that the society is a true meritocracy, and thus any criticism of them is mere "cut the poppies" resentment by the 99 percent against those of "true merit." A "merit" usually attained at birth. The good,old "thing in itself" is a very precise, well-developed idea of "radical alterity." It is not static. It feeds the "new." Perhaps the main distinction would be between Aristotle's view, which might today be called "holistic," and the more absolutist concepts of sins and "virtues" under monotheism. As Jo Wehler notes, there are many other approaches to morality, values, ethics, and "virtues," in the modern colloquial sense. What is crucial here is the political manifestation, which veers in two directions. The idea of "cutting the tallest poppy" implies, as your link says, that it is a person of "genuine merit" who is being reduced, at least ostensibly, out of common spite. The interpretation is famously expounded in Nietzsche's genealogy of morals as "slave morality" and resentment. It has gone on to modern mass mischief in the "John Gault" mythology of Ayn Rand. This view is naturally anathema to socialism and hostile to democracy. But how to restore equilibrium? Here the Hobbesian paradox arises. Thus society has at least two paths. First, a single "poppy" can rise to overshadow and level the rest, as in Hobbes's Leviathan or the emergence of Augustus as "first citizen" out of the civil wars of the Republic's "tall poppies" against one another. Or the society can constraint inequalities through an abiding myth of justice, whether some religious ideology or a "faith" in reason and the law. This is what Jean-Joseph Goux and others call the "general equivalent," the invisible center of a value system to which all citizens are relativized.