As for banging LO's head: you can buy a padding for your cot. It may increase the probability of SIDS, but for a 3 month old I think the risk is fairly small. It looks like this: 

Our daughter is 2 months old. As of right now, we have a pretty well working routine of putting the baby to sleep. Bath, lights out, long feeding, then falling asleep on our hands, then falling asleep on us when we sit/lay, then being put to bed. It all takes about 2 hours, which is acceptable. 

When should we start trying to lull her to sleep in her bed? Is it already time to start sleep training? On one hand, we would like to start it as soon as possible, but on the other - the current routine is working well and we wouldn't like to rid ourselves of a few hours of sleep per day. 

By the way, I'm fairly sure that I've slept less than 10 hours when I was a primary-schooler. 10PM to 6:30AM is 8,5h. 

The problem is that this routine involves a lot - about ~20 minutes - of carrying and another 20 minutes laying on us falling into deep sleep. It will become more difficult and tiresome as the baby grows, so we would like to change the routine and eliminate those two parts. 

The same applies to falling asleep for the third time at night (around 4AM, she seems to want to stop sleeping at all then) and for her naps. It's very difficult to put her to her afternoon nap. 

We have followed all elements on every newborn checklist we could find. She has no fever. Her clothes seem perfectly comfortable (she wore them few days before). Everything we can think of seems to be in order. 

To sum up, it seems I shouldn't have worried. 

By the way: the fourth trimester is almost over for you. Your quality of life will soon improve drastically:) 

Three months seems a good age for the baby to gradually stop being fed every few hours. I would not feed her unless she wakes and screams for food (or if I succumbed to pity;). That is, of course, if she has no digestive problems and is healthily developing and gaining mass. About that age my LO started sleeping for longer periods of time. You may be inside a transitional period. 

Once she enters her (previously mentioned) falling asleep state, she does go to sleep as usual, or even better. But reaching that point is the problem. 

and is usually attached to to cot by strings. Make sure the padding is as non-interesting as possible, a plain white one would be best. Trust me on this, later on a colorful padding will be a great niusance, since your LO will play with it when it's supposed to go to sleep. 

I have learned and accepted her way of falling asleep. Rocked on my arms she would fuss/cry for several minutes, pass some gas during that, and then just close her eyes and peacefully go to sleep. 

Anyway, trust your instincts. If you think your baby is happier if it is fed, do it. If you are happier and less worried if you feed it, do it. Don't mind other people babbling on the Internet. Your baby will eventually grow out of waking up every few hours and I daresay dreamfeeding will not postpone that time by much (if at all). 

My daughter seems to have calmed down. She does not seem to have grown yet, but she does seem "smarter" and more agile. She rotates her head more quickly, follows our faces with her eyes more "fluently" (she used to do it, but in large "jumps"). She also spends more time just lying and looking around at the world. I guess she gathered enough experience points and was going through a level-up;) 

Instead of trying to enfrce the early hour, try to tire her a bit more in the evening. Send her to some sport activities - dancing, karate, etc. There's lots of choices. She should go to sleep more easily then. 

Up till now, she has managed to fall asleep on her own only three times - two of them in the last week. Is it some kind of hint that we should start trying to let her fall asleep on her own? 

You know your daughter well, she's probably been sleeping like that for some time now. Does she seem tired? Does she seem sleepy during the day? If not, there's probably nothing to worry. 

However, since a few days ago when she had yet another level-up, she started to find everything so interesting that she doesn't even start falling asleep. She curiously looks around, smiles broadly, grabs blanket or my sleeping robe, generally has fun. We do not share her positive attitute towards evening fun. 

Today our two week old was (and still is) unusually agitated. She slept two hours less than her up-until-now average, requested breastfeeding for entire one hour more and was more cry-prone than ever. She has trouble going to sleep, won't sleep on her own, has to either fall asleep on a breast or be cuddled. And when she does sleep, she won't sleep for too long and will soon wake up crying, instead of usual calm looking around or fussing. And she rejects a dummy which she liked before.