The more interesting question is, whether a team who knows they intend to fake can request a non-K ball (and can do so without being obvious to the defense). That isn't clear in the rulebook, though I wouldn't be surprised if it were covered in the official's supplements (which aren't available online, I don't think). 

Zero plays in that situation have been successful this year: because defenses know how to prevent them. Some probably have yielded a FG eventually - but it's not common, and it's much more likely to lose the ball. 

1882--Replacements for disqualified or injured players. 

Then in 1953 this was outlawed, allowing only one sub per play, partly in order to reduce the cost of fielding a team. This was changed in 1964 to return to allowing two-platoon football, which is what we basically know today. 

On a side note, I think that the injury bit is relevant, though I suspect it's only because the odds of scoring are so low already. NFL teams have injury risks on every play, so it doesn't really make sense to try a play when you don't need to AND it won't give you a benefit. I think it would be hard to prove that coaches use this reason for kneel downs without asking them; but Bill Barnwell in the many Thank You For Not Coaching articles since 2013 certainly thinks it's relevant, and if he does, that's good enough for me. 

So you're left with the problem, particularly if you are out of time outs, of quickly getting those yards. You're going to run the ball? Might work, and some teams do. HB Screen pass actually is a bit better - lets you get the WRs downfield to clear out the safeties from the box. Or HB draw. That's better, except when it's mercilessly mocked of course. And it doesn't tend to work - maybe Adrian Peterson might knock in an 70 yard run, but more running plays end in fumbles than in 70 yard runs. 

The NFL has banned calling two or more consecutive timeouts; I don't know if that would be more effective or not, but it would certainly be annoying to fans. 

Note that "airborne" and "in flight" are not explicitly clarified anywhere in the NFL rules that I can find. A high bouncing kick could be construed as airborne by the dictionary definition; in fact, the NCAA has recently made exactly this decision: 

The key word is "airborne". Once the kick has bounced, it is no longer considered airborne. If the onside attempt is a "pooch" (short high kick), then even if no one signals for a fair catch the kicking team would be penalized if they interfered. By Section 1, Article 1, item 2: 

Because it's specifically permitted by the intentional grounding rule. 

The NFL Official Casebook clarifies the issue. 

e. The passer to conserve time throws the ball directly to the ground (1) after the ball has already touched the ground; or (2) not immediately after controlling the ball. 

So spiking is legal only if the snap was not fumbled, unlike the NFL. 

The rules make a special exception for the case of a kick holder, or else place kicks would be nearly impossible to execute. 

just to cause general confusion. Basically by putting a man in motion - let's say hard motion from one side to another - you are basically making up to 7 guys on the defense all be on the same page on a possible total coverage change. A motion man swapping could change the call from zone to man or vice versa. If one of those 7 guys makes a mental mistake then you may have a free WR running downfield. 

split - formation-variation. This is probably the most confusing thing about the play call. Split in this case is that my "Y" concept receiver will be split out wider than normal to give space between TE and himself. I might have 4-5 variations on our common formations. The variations might effect only WRs as in this case but could also affect lineman and the variations can be stacked. For example in this call I could have said split-feet. Split telling my Y to move out an extra 5 yards and feet telling my lineman that they are not to have any splits (might do this against a team with a good DL and longer pattern concepts). In pee-wee football we have variations, maybe just one or two per formation. In high school and college you could have 5-8 per but the NFL gets whacky with this and have heard playbooks having 20+ variations.