To answer your addendum, there's no suggestion that the person isn't already a child of hell, they are made worse by the Pharisees. That's the point here. The point of this passage isn't to make a doctrinal statement (so it would be kind of dangerous to infer doctrine from it), but it's to point out the pharisees that their attempts at proselytization are so horrible and backwards they end up pushing their converts further into sin and condemnation than they already were! The important thing in the passage you quote is that the people are responding not to an inward call, but to an outward one. If they become "twice the child of hell" there could not have been an inward call in the first place. 

Matthew Henry Explains this passage with the following in his Commentary: Leviticus 14:3 (NIV) (emphasis mine) 

Finally, let me be very clear. How we dress for church is really a terrible criteria for choosing a church (however it is an element to consider). Good doctrine, Quality of preaching, the kind of worship, and finally whether you feel welcome and comfortable in the community are all things that are far more important in choosing a church than the dress code. The section you quote contains the answer: because Moses did not believe. He was told to "tell the rock... to yield its water" but instead he struck the rock twice, apparently believing God's command to be insufficient. He expected God to act in exactly the same way as He had before*, but God apparently wanted to reveal His power to Moses in a new way. 

Here's an off-the-wall take on the whole event. I'm not sure what to make of it but I'll throw it out there to get community reaction. Great question! I'm sure it was a miracle because John would not have bothered to mention the locked doors otherwise. 

David Pawson has an interesting answer, referring to a similar vision in Ezekiel 1. First, bear in mind that the Israelites were at that time in captivity in Babylon. Then: So how did Jesus just appear in a different location? Well, this is not the only time in Scripture this has happened: The concept of Irresistible grace is summed up this way: 

The important thing in the passage you quote is that the people are responding not to an inward call, but to an outward one. If they become "twice the child of hell" there could not have been an inward call in the first place. 

To answer your addendum, there's no suggestion that the person isn't already a child of hell, they are made worse by the Pharisees. That's the point here. The point of this passage isn't to make a doctrinal statement (so it would be kind of dangerous to infer doctrine from it), but it's to point out the pharisees that their attempts at proselytization are so horrible and backwards they end up pushing their converts further into sin and condemnation than they already were! 

Finally, let me be very clear. How we dress for church is really a terrible criteria for choosing a church (however it is an element to consider). Good doctrine, Quality of preaching, the kind of worship, and finally whether you feel welcome and comfortable in the community are all things that are far more important in choosing a church than the dress code.