But beyond that, it appears that your confusion (and the confusion of whomever wrote the article you are quoting) stems mainly from the notion that atheism (or the rejection of organized religion) implies relativism, absent or beyond its humanist affiliations. That is also quite incorrect (albeit quite a common fallacy that religious scholars succumb to). 

Essentially, though, it all boils down to how one feels that equality should be measured. There are two primary camps here. The first argues that equality should be assessed in terms of one's opportunities; this is commonly referred to as the equality of opportunity. The argument here is that everyone should be equally capable of achieving the same ends, that there should be no systemic barriers (social, legal, cultural, economic, or otherwise) that stand in the way of the success of any individual or group. The other primary theory of equality is commonly referred to as the equality of outcomes (or results), in which the argument is made that true equality is only achieved when everyone in the society ends up in truly equal positions after all the decisions have been made and everything has shaken out. This gives prejudices and discrimination a chance to rear their ugly head, intervening in what appeared on the surface to be a completely fair and equitable system. Which type of equality that you consider most important to maximize generally determines which types of social programs you favor. 

Critical race theory has two primary objectives. First is a critical genealogy of the way in which power struggles across racial boundaries have been borne out over time, and more specifically, the role that the law and legal system have played in that process. Second is a sustained effort to transform the current system (both legally and socially) into one that is capable of true racial emancipation and a sustainable ability to resist entrenched oppressive hierarchies. The Wikipedia article is a fine introduction to the other themes at work in CRT (see the section entitled "Key theoretical elements), but the real landmark of CRT, the pivotal point of disagreement between it and traditional liberalism as discussed above, is the rejection of color-blindness. In summary, CRT is a race-conscious theory that looks specifically at the dynamics of racial power and their effects on the law, rather than pretending that law is racially-neutral as liberalism has done for years. CRT theorists have argued that abstract, rights-based remedies don't work, as they fail to change the oppressive hierarchies of subordination and dominance that have been for so long entrenched into the legal system. As hard as we pretend that the system is color-blind, the results indicate clearly that it is not. (There's a lot of other critical theory hoopla mixed in, of course, like intersectionality, strategic essentialism, and a strong emphasis on personal narratives, but none of this is particularly germane to the issue that is addressed in the question.) 

Beyond these two specific disciplines, you'll also see "humanism" applied generically to any philosophy that places the primary focus on human beings, as opposed to society at large or organized religion. But again, the idea that different cultures have different ideas about morality and ethical principles, and that those ideals are equally as valid as any other culture's ideals, is not implied by this line of thinking. Neither is the relativist tenant that there is no absolute truth or validity. In fact, a humanist could argue that human intuition, reason, and moral virtue are themselves absolute truths! 

Another common branch of humanism is religious humanism, which actually attempts to integrate humanism with religious ideals. Religious humanism is fairly straight-forward: it places the focus on the human being, affirming the individual dignity and worth of all people, just like the name naïvely implies. Certainly this could be compatible with religious teachings. Søren Kierkegaard is a famous "Christian Existential Humanist". 

Are there alternative theories about how people are motivated? 

Pascal expands this point by saying that people choose different methods, not because some like to be happy and others don't, but because all are pursuing a better life. Over a lifetime of bad decisions, suicide may seem the happiest choice. For both men, the context of the idea is ethics. 

Aristotle would likely suggest that weighting any morale foundation much heavier than another is itself an immoral choice. The graveyard of rejected moral systems would be filled with extreme weights like purity 1000 times more important than fairness. Moral Foundations Theory has the virtue of giving us a meta-framework that can help us understand distant cultures and analyze their moral systems. How the Aztec system arose is not an easy question, but how they went wrong morally is almost trivial if you consider the equal weighting of moral foundations an ideal system. 

As far as I see, the only way to chose would be to have a detailed accounting of the value of existence versus nonexistence and compare it to the negative value of suffering. And there are a few other unobtainable figures you would need to be anything like accurate. When you start to think of it in this way, it fails the smell test. 

This answer is somewhat unsatisfying due to the nature of the question, which is, "if you have these non-moral obligations, to what extent are you morally obligated to uphold them?", which has an obvious answer. 

The primary professional ethics issues faced by recruiting officers are first dealing with legal issues of the applicants, second, not providing false information, and third not offering false inducements (or threats) to potential applicants, c.f. section 2 of these policies. The last two are similar to other "sales" types of positions, albeit with larger stakes. An example of an ethical failure of this type was an officer in 2005 promising the potential recruit that he/she would not be sent into a combat zone (Iraq) -- a promise that the recruiter could not ensure. 

That these core values of science affect how results are conveyed and interpreted is a more subtle point, and can be described in a way that makes this interaction less interesting than the theory-ladenness of science. In considering theory ladenness it is relatively easy to come up with counterfactuals: e.g. without special relativity, measuring masses in GeV/c^2 doesn't make sense. Trying to construct the same kind of counterfactuals where the essential values of science are violated leads to situations where you are not dealing with science. Public policy research institutes, which adhere to a different set of values, produce research papers that include specific objective facts, but are not doing science. As I currently understand it, some segments of the biomedical research community have stopped doing (or failed to do) science, since the cherry picking of positive outcomes amounts to incomplete reporting of their results. The point is these core values are, for some contexts, less interesting because they are just part of the background that comes into play when discussing science at all.