Unlike in sports like Baseball and American Football where a couple of suppliers make all of the baseballs for pretty much all levels of the game, and they are all identicle except the occasional logo, soccer ball manufacturers make new balls all the time (every year, multiple times a year). In a more general sense, FIFA's laws of the game is silent on how to organize a tournament, so it is up to each tournament how to schedule elimination rounds, however, in a round robin scenario with the top two advancing, if there are an even number of groups (especially when it's a power of 2), it is generally not hard to design the tournament such that teams in the same group do not play. In the world cup the group structure is such that there are 4 teams each in 8 groups. The top two teams from each group advance. These balls usually have unique color schemes, different stitch and panel patterns, all designed for different amounts of visibility, aerodynamics and other properties. While the Brazuca seems to be largely uncontroversial (literally the first WC ball in my memory to not have a volume of negative articles written about it), the Jabulani from the South Africa WC had a lot of complaints about it's aerodynamics, causing long shots to float and knuckle in ways that made them very difficult on keepers. For the 2014 world cup this was documented in this document, specifically on page 52-53, section 42-45. The document lists the matchups for each round providing letter or number codes to each and then using those in the subsequent section to describe the matchups. It's hard to quote here, but suffice to say the laws there describe the bracket listed above. The World Cup ball is special though. It's the signature ball that people will remember for four years. It usually includes colors and designs that are relevant to the home country. The Brazuca is a colorful ball with the star pattern that can be seen on the Brazilian flag. I'm sure there is a huge marketing schpiel, but mostly this is part of creating an enduring symbol for the World Cup. for instance, here is the 2014 full tournament bracket. Using Group A as an example, the winner (Brazil) played the second place team from group B (Chile), and the second place team in group A (Mexico) played the first place team from group B (Netherlands). The way that the bracket is structured after this advancement is such that it is impossible for two teams in the same group to play each other any earlier than the final. It's worth noting (as was pointed out in the comments), that this is something unique to the era of a 32 team field. Prior to this era, teams from the same group could play each other prior to the finals as several 3rd place teams would be included in the final 16.