The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God will stand forever. Isaiah 40:8 ESV for them is good tidings in the present life and in the world to come. There is no changing the words of God; that is the mighty triumph. S. 10:64 Arberry In any case, it is certainly feasible that there was a race of giants that merely arose after the flood and did not survive the flood. The genetic makeup for large humans was present prior to the flood. Perhaps Noah and his family contained these genes as well, but perhaps they were recessive. So, Pilate most certainly had a choice. The Jewish religious leaders did all they could to influence Pilate in his decision. The verse indicates that is the number of man as well. A possible reason for this is that mankind was created on the 6th day, so 666 is a three-fold repetition of that. I understand in Hebrew that repetition signifies degree, so God is called "holy, holy, holy" in Isaiah 6. (By the way, the assumption that the Song of Solomon is figuratively is certainly debatable.) We are not accountable for the life and actions of others, but we are, indeed, accountable for our own lives and actions. So, we are responsible to become the person God calls us to be. Pilate certainly may have wanted to appease the crowd, but with all the might of Rome at his disposal, he certainly was not subject to the Jewish religious leaders in any way. So, because we know God's Word cannot be changed, we know that we can have confidence in the accuracy and reliability of the Old and New Testaments. So, when Adam was 130 years old after Cain killed Abel, Eve became pregnant and gave birth to Seth. So, did Adam and Eve have other children in between the time that Cain and Abel were born and Seth was born? We can't say absolutely, but we can't say absolutely not either. It certainly seems reasonable that other children would have been born during that time. I might add that if you happen to live in a desert where no grapes can be grown, it would seem improper to assert that you could not celebrate communion since you would have neither grape juice nor wine. Apparently Jewish tradition holds that Adam and Eve actually had 33 sons and 23 daughters. This is not biblical, of course, but it aligns with the idea that Adam and Eve were probably extremely fruitful and multiplied greatly, as God had commanded them. The genetics were quite pure as well as the environment at that time. They lived a long time (Adam was 930 years old when he died according to Genesis 5), so they had a lot of time to have children. The Jewish religious leaders--not all Jews--were guilty of a greater sin than Pilate, even though Pilate was guilty of sin for perverting justice. Indeed, God sets up rulers "to punish those who do wrong and to commend those who do right". So, Pilate failed in that. Genesis 1:2 identifies the nature of the earth: It goes both ways, though. I believe that both the man who has a career and the woman should value the family more than career advancement and prestige. For the man, that may mean not getting that next promotion that requires more hours, so that he can spend more time caring for his wife and children.