Note: Poincare had read Kant - he thought that Kants noumena were the unobservable referents for a theory; for example,the gravity field - and he was involved in the research effort to understand relativity and plancks quanta - (not QM unfortunately), I'm mentioning this to show that the scientific research community wasn't completely unaware of developments in philosophy. 

Kants copernican revolution placed the observer squarely back into universe. The universe wasn't just an objective reality out there, but also entangled up in our own ways of knowing and perceiving at a fundamental level, that is our understanding of what is space and what is time. 

He then goes on to describe the relation ship between the two worlds in two ways: Now, does language fall under this? Certainly, it appears that each specific & particular language cannot be, as they are contingent on how language has developed in the social world a hman being is born into. But can one say the same about Chomskys notion of universal grammar, which he claimed is innate? 

After reflecting on this, I can only suppose Kant uses existence in several ways. Existence as a pure form of intuition allows him to assert the existence of tables and chair etc. We have direct epistemic & perceptual access to this. Existence as applied to noumena is of a different kind. We know that it is not perceptual or conceptual. All we can say about what existence means here (and this is an assertion) is that it the noumena didn't exist then neither would phenomena. If we think of existence as a predicate in logic (which I know is controversial), it needs to be typed logic, so we can distinguish between the two senses. We could, alternatively call it transcendental existence - I don't know whether this matches with Kants terminology of transcendentally. 

Idealism, takes that the mind is in some indispensable way involved in how reality is to be understood; for example Kantian Transcendental Idealism; or the 'brains-in-vats' scenario, philosophically has nothing to do with science-fiction, but with the position all there is are minds, and minds not in the singular but in the plural; and solipsism, which takes the opposite view, that there is only a mind in the singular; but more, not just any mind but specifically my* mind. 

Scruton in his Sexual Desire, a philosophical investigation says 

It's often qualified as pseudo-science. The pseudo qualifier is pejorative. Yet it certainly sets bounds on what the fundamental constants of physics must lie in - if we take the machinary of the Standard Model as fixed but the constnts variable. 

And then of course, one might suggest that that the longer the mind attends to such a concept the further removed it becomes from the everyday. After all, a fire-atom may have been inspired by a spark from a fire; but already, here an atom of fire is very different from a spark? Doe it go out, or does it give steady light and heat? Aren't all atoms of fire alike, whereas some sparks are brighter, and others dimmer? Essences, here understood, at least in one aspect, in the onto-logic of Aristotle ie in his Categories; which a Locke later calls real essences; to be distinguished from nominal ones. 

But the essential question I'm driving at is this: if random events occur in nature are they then by definition without cause? (The above example being simply a concrete illustration). 

... from those of yester-years, or yester-millenias? 

However it's also important to notice, I think, that this notion has a certain affinity with the notion of the multiverse - for example in Smolins version - in the older theory new matter is continuously created; in the newer theory, new universes are. 

I take Phenomenology as a philosophical attitude that attempts to overcome the Descartian divide; a divide that Kant retains - the phenomenal world vs the noumenal world. If an event is determined by its circumstances, only that event occurs and no other. If its undetermined by circumstances, then given something must happen, a range of possible events present themselves. Either all occurs, or one of these possible events occur and this choice must be taken at random, ( for if not, it is determined, and we're not interested in this case here). 

This, allows the possibility, that there are more possible colour qualia possible. Probability first made an appearance in physics with random walks; and then of course and famously QM; there it is its alignment with experiment that is crucial - the empirical method. 

Is it falsifiable which is Poppers criterion for a scientific theory. If not, then what actually is its philosophical status if it lies outside the realm of falsifiable theories? Can it still count as scientific and objective as physics proper - as it has a direct bearing on the parameters that the standard model can take? Its Kant, who remarked of the 'proofs' of God, the one from Design is the one that most deserves respect. I placed the word proof in quotes as they proofs in the sense of mathematics, but as in 'argument for'.