The main problem is getting the money from congress. 

After the Treaty has been in force for twenty years, any Party may cease to be a Party one year after its notice of denunciation has been given to the Government of the United States of America, which will inform the Governments of the other Parties of the deposit of each notice of denunciation. But keep in mind that some of the states which are considered red, blue or flip-states today weren't always that way. The political orientation of states can change over the course of several decades. But unless the current minority keeps voting for their party this is not going to happen. While a slight improvement of the vote-percentage of your party will not make any difference in the current election, it sets a signal for future elections that your state drifts further into the direction of political middle-ground and might become more relevant in future elections. 

The document which codifies the NATO is the North Atlantic Treaty. Article 13 describes how a state can leave the NATO: 

Theoretically the electors could still change their mind and elect someone completely different. It is not unheard of that individual "faithless electors" vote different than mandated by the result in their state for whatever reason. In 21 states this is completely legal, and in many others the repercussions are minor. However you should not bet on this. Never in the history of the United States did enough electors do this to make someone else president than they should have. In 1836, 23 faithless electors for Virginia were almost successful when it came to electing the vice president. But that was the closest faithless electors ever came to changing an election outcome. If you are willing to live completely without #1 AND half of #2, you found an almost perfect fit. Objectivists and Objectivist bent libertarians. Leftists accuse GOP and libertarians of racism because of opposition to affirmative action or any preferential treatment for minorities. 

Much of Shia terrorism had specific goals (your answer explicitly mentioned Palestinians) - and as two other answers expanded in detail, those goals are less of a religious and more of a geopolitical nature. Arguably, they achieved those goals to as much of an extent as pressure on the Western society could achieve, with establishment of Palestinian Authority and Oslo accords, (in many people's opinion, as a "reward" for terrorism). Currently, Spanish is the main official language of Puerto Rico: 

“[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq’s refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs.” — From a letter signed by Joe Lieberman, Dianne Feinstein, Barbara A. Milulski, Tom Daschle, & John Kerry among others on October 9, 1998 

If different Amish communities abide by different rules, I would prefer an answer that either (a) applies to a majority of communities/members or (b) if too much variation to have a majority, the variation that is most communal/least private but still has a meaningful amount of communities. You could explain a social-democratic policy like this: "We should handle [issue] like [Sweden|Germany|Netherlands|Iceland|...] does where [statistic] shows that it leads to far better results than the current US policies". 

So the US would simply give a notice of denunciation to itself, inform the other members that they did and a year later they are officially out. Now "why is this influential"? He lost the nomination, after all. Note that during the preparation phase of such debates, the candidates and their teams usually get the opportunity to suggest which questions to ask, so the candidates can use this to raise questions which will be comfortable for them but uncomfortable for their opponents. 

This article (as well as the articles 10, 11 and 14) mentions the United States as a member with a special secretarial role. It might be quite awkward to keep that after the United States left, so the remaining NATO members will likely have some amending to make. 

But a more reliable method to count crowd sizes is the Jacob's Method. In order to use this method, you need: 

A Censure is a formal condemnation of the actions of an individual person. Both the House of Representatives and the Senate can make such a statement. They decide on doing so with a vote, just like with any other decision. 

But administration is made up of individual people, sometimes with - surprise - different views and agendas. The best fit for you would be a direct USA clone of USSR Communist party. Now, you got two friends. Major one is the leftish wing of Democrats as well as more lefty parties... EXCEPT you're sh1t out of luck with Democrats as a whole party since a vast majority of their power structure are deep in the pockets of RIAA, MPAA and Hollywood, no matter how the individual membership feels. A second friend is libertarians, at least a subset of them; since they view SOPA and such as less of an expression of free markets and capitalism and more of government-run-economy-rent-seeking. ALso, many in GOP and libertarian party hate entertainment industry for leftist views, and tend to be a lot less opposed to piracy than their typical law and order ideology allows for. Note that this is a poll of all Americans. 

Which of the years did the US Senate held a filibuster-proof majority for one party - e.g. 60 seats? (or 3/5th of total - e.g. the number was lower when # of Senators was lower)