Conception brings into existence a zygote which is a novel human life We should never take human lives Therefore abortion as the taking of a human life is wrong. Formulating in this way, I think, clarifies where the debate really centers in this formulation of an argument. Basically, all the hard parts are in 2 and whether or not we think its true. (You will hear some weird fallacious comparisons between skin cells and zygotes at times, and you will hear some interesting things about implantation [the current medical definition of pregnancy per the AMA] vs fertilization [what most pro-lifers take to be the point where it matters]). what are we trying to maximize/minimize? can we calculate the benefits of research in accordance with (1)? can we calculate the harm of lack of informed consent in terms of (1)? Does our utilitarianism permit us to make "harm"-causing actions (vis-a-vis (1)) or are these always illicit? does the species of utilitarianism we are using allow us to make particular bets or require us to consider principles of optimization? (i.e. are we act utilitarians? are we able to calculate on potential gains against real harms) Another ambiguity in Utilitarian accounts is whether the maximization is of (a) actual consequences, (b) reasonably expected consequences, or (c) intentions. This is going to matter a lot for how we can qualify the benefits in (2) against our criteria (1). Maybe, it's easier just to describe when a Utilitarian could easily say doing the research is okay or not. Here is a simple counter-example: have you ever eaten until you were sick? Even knowing that having that extra piece of cake will make you feel miserable, you can't stop yourself. 

EDIT: To summarize: inject someone with dopamine. They will be more motivated, but not happier. 

This is a place where we might need to look closely at Aristotle's definition of "eudaimonia." Eating until you're sick might increase short-term pleasure, but decrease long-run pleasure. Is that eudaimonic? I think the usual definition would say no, but Pascal might say yes - I'm not familiar with his philosophy. Your question is timely because a popular ethics book called Nudge has recently promoted some of these ideas. Nudge argues that there are some (relatively benign) ways we can change our environments to "nudge" people towards making the right decision. 

To declare my conflict of interest: I tend to be on the Skinner side of things. If you want to be free come what may, more power to you. But if you'd like to be coddled and nannied, then I see no reason why we should worry about trivial things like "autonomy." So I probably am not doing Kant et al. justice. what are we trying to maximize/minimize? can we calculate the benefits of research in accordance with (1)? can we calculate the harm of lack of informed consent in terms of (1)? Does our utilitarianism permit us to make "harm"-causing actions (vis-a-vis (1)) or are these always illicit? does the species of utilitarianism we are using allow us to make particular bets or require us to consider principles of optimization? (i.e. are we act utilitarians? are we able to calculate on potential gains against real harms) Another ambiguity in Utilitarian accounts is whether the maximization is of (a) actual consequences, (b) reasonably expected consequences, or (c) intentions. This is going to matter a lot for how we can qualify the benefits in (2) against our criteria (1). Maybe, it's easier just to describe when a Utilitarian could easily say doing the research is okay or not. 

I'm not really sure what the adjective "childish" would mean about a moral rule, so I will work with it as meaning "too simplistic or naive." My general view is "no." The Golden Rule comes up quite often in philosophical literature especially in comparative ethics. Part of the reason is that similar rules exist across many different religious and cultural traditions. To give just one, the Confucian silver rule is do not do unto others what you would not have them do to you. Contemporary thinkers tend to be distrustful of the idea of "freedom" in general. (Frankly, I am surprised this question hasn't been answered with a flood of posters questioning whether one can ever make a "free" decision to begin with.) I heartily recommend The Latest Answers to the Oldest Questions which is an introductory-level book to some important philosophical ideas, including questions of freedom. 

Your question is timely because a popular ethics book called Nudge has recently promoted some of these ideas. Nudge argues that there are some (relatively benign) ways we can change our environments to "nudge" people towards making the right decision. 

This is a place where we might need to look closely at Aristotle's definition of "eudaimonia." Eating until you're sick might increase short-term pleasure, but decrease long-run pleasure. Is that eudaimonic? I think the usual definition would say no, but Pascal might say yes - I'm not familiar with his philosophy.