Treat it like any other rule where you and society disagree on how to raise your child. Imagine if you said "I don't want my child to drink soda until she is 20", and go from there. As she gets a bit older, you will probably need to switch to justifying the rule somewhat, as children will start to ask why they are not allowed things. "Religion can have a huge impact on your life and should not be started with lightly" is probably good enough for quite a while. Instead use material geared more towards children, which will give them the same basic information. Alternatively, visit nature education centers, which likely also talk about this topic but in a less troubling way for toddlers. The second conflict will probably be with your family and perhaps broader society, who will not understand. That depends a lot on the people around you and is probably out-of-scope for this question, so I'll just leave it with the general warning. I understand your wife's concerns; my son was a preemie with apnea and it took a while before I quit freaking out over every little sniffle and fever. Having a child is having your heart walk around outside your body, and the thought of them being sick or in danger can be freaky. For your child's sake, though, my recommendation is that she learn to tone down the focus on poor health and the absolute certainty that the next bad disease is just around the corner. It's not good for her, and it's not good for you, and it's not good for your child. If she's amenable, some time spent with a therapist might help her to learn how to redirect her anxiety and maybe calm herself on these issues, so she's not constantly verbalizing them. Dollars to donuts he's picking up this concern from his mother. Not an exact analogy, but our 4 yr old daughter was exhibiting negative talk ("I had a bad day. I had bad dreams. I'm not happy.") and trying to get out of going to school. AFter talking with her and her teachers, and determining the problem wasn't school, we had an epiphany: her father is a pessimist and likes to complain and grumble about his work, life, whatever. He and I agreed that we'd drop the negative talk around her ("my day was horrible. This week sucks. I'm so sick of my job.") and the turn-around, instead of taking months, took literally DAYS. Treat it like any other rule where you and society disagree on how to raise your child. Imagine if you said "I don't want my child to drink soda until she is 20", and go from there. As she gets a bit older, you will probably need to switch to justifying the rule somewhat, as children will start to ask why they are not allowed things. "Religion can have a huge impact on your life and should not be started with lightly" is probably good enough for quite a while. Also explain that while other children and people are allowed religion, that is not bad, just different. She will still need to deal with these people and you don't want her going around telling people that their religion is bad for them as it will not make her social interactions any better. Setting the rule Explain that other people do differently Your child will observe that others behave differently from her and are allowed to do things she is not. This happens with every kind of restriction others do not have. When she is very young, she might not understand, so you will need to remind her that you are the parent and you make the rules. Instead use material geared more towards children, which will give them the same basic information. Alternatively, visit nature education centers, which likely also talk about this topic but in a less troubling way for toddlers. My suggestion would be not to watch nature documentaries meant for adults with toddlers, because they will get distraught over the fact that these documentaries intentionally try to make them feel sad about what happens to the animals in them. My kid for examples knows how owls work and hunt, and she considers it interesting and likes picking the bones out of their pellets and it doesn't distress her that those were actual creatures because she didn't have any relationship with them. But she gets scared when I read from the book of rabbits and they mention the fox, because she does have a relationship with the rabbits in the story and she doesn't want those to be eaten. If she's amenable, some time spent with a therapist might help her to learn how to redirect her anxiety and maybe calm herself on these issues, so she's not constantly verbalizing them. Dollars to donuts he's picking up this concern from his mother. Not an exact analogy, but our 4 yr old daughter was exhibiting negative talk ("I had a bad day. I had bad dreams. I'm not happy.") and trying to get out of going to school. AFter talking with her and her teachers, and determining the problem wasn't school, we had an epiphany: her father is a pessimist and likes to complain and grumble about his work, life, whatever. He and I agreed that we'd drop the negative talk around her ("my day was horrible. This week sucks. I'm so sick of my job.") and the turn-around, instead of taking months, took literally DAYS. I understand your wife's concerns; my son was a preemie with apnea and it took a while before I quit freaking out over every little sniffle and fever. Having a child is having your heart walk around outside your body, and the thought of them being sick or in danger can be freaky. For your child's sake, though, my recommendation is that she learn to tone down the focus on poor health and the absolute certainty that the next bad disease is just around the corner. It's not good for her, and it's not good for you, and it's not good for your child.