When the chips went in here, you were a 65/35 favorite. That's a pretty good situation for a heads-up match. Unless you know you can make more chips from him through outplaying him postflop, this was the right route to take in my book. 

If he's aggressive enough to make it hard to whittle him down, you need to figure out where else you can get an edge. You're probably going to have to win a big pot somewhere along the way, to make up for the chips you lose in the smaller pots. If your opponent is willing to overplay his hands preflop by calling with weak holdings, then an all-in play with the fairly short stack you hold sounds pretty attractive. You just need to find a hand that is likely to be a favorite against his calling range. I think you have one here. Against the type of player I described, I believe you can safely shove 77+, A5s+, A8o+, and any two broadway cards. There is one possibility for improvement if your opponent is playing aggressively preflop: If that's the case, you should just call here, with the intention of check/raising all-in. That's only a good option if he is very likely to raise when you limp. 

Ignoring the fact that he called with 75o (as that does prove your point), what makes you conclude that this opponent is a weaker player? Often in Heads-up tournament play, the best strategy is to play A LOT of hands and play them very aggressively. It sounds like this is what he was doing. 

Further, it's worth noting that tournaments can be more demanding from an endurance perspective, since you do not have the option to leave the table when you are no longer playing your A-game. 

I would argue that both games take a similar amount of skill in order to achieve expert-level play. However, to achieve average-level play, tournaments require less skill. 

The reasoning behind this is, as John Dibling stated, cash games require more postflop play. That complication is forced into the game much more than any of the complications of high-level tournament play, and as such, average-level players must learn more to hold their own in cash games (while in tournaments, they can rely more on comparatively simple preflop decisions). 

That said, to play tournaments at the expert level requires balancing a lot of variables that can be mostly (or completely) ignored by play at the average level. There are a huge array of subjects when you start looking at ChipEV vs $EV considerations and many many complications created by differing stack sizes (both for you and your opponents) and by the state of the tournament. Many of these complications have no equivalent in cash games (though expert-level cash play has its own set of complications). Which leads me to the conclusion that moving into the expert level puts the two back onto a fairly even footing. 

The rule hound at your table would have a point if your player pushed in two hypothetical $750 chips without declaring a raise. In this case, the removal of any single chip would cause the amount to fall below the calling limit, and the case would be identical in spirit to the example at the end of rule 43. I think the player at your table was misinterpreting the rule. This is a raise. 

This actually covers your case perfectly. The player tosses in a $1000 and a $500 chip. If you remove the $500 chip ("any one chip") you still have at least the calling amount. Thus it's covered by rule 41. Rule 41 states that a valid raise must be at least the size of the previous bet or raise. Because the total bet of $1500 is a valid raise ($500 more than the $1000 which was itself a raise of $500 over the original bet), the player's action should be interpreted as a raise. This is false. The hand will play out as usual with the flop, turn, and river. 

To me, this says that in order for it to be considered a call, there cannot exist a situation where one chip is removed and the resulting value of chips does not at least equal a call. The corollary of this is that if there does exist at least one way in which a single chip can be removed and the remainder still constitutes a call, then it is a raise. In your case, the $500 chip can be removed and the amount in play is still sufficient for a call, so the action constitutes a raise. 

This incident really underscores the importance of announcing your raises either by saying "raise" or declaring a number of chips that you wish to bet as you place your chips. This lowers your exposure to both angle-shooters and the overzealous busybodies that think they know the rules! 

This differs from your own example in that in Player B's case, the removal of any single chip will cause the amount to fall below the calling level. Hence, Player B's action should be interpreted as a call. There is no way that you can remove a single chip and have the remainder be sufficient for a call. The difference is that in your case, the $500 chip could be removed and the remainder would still equal the amount required to call, and thus this action should be interpreted as a raise. Further, it's worth noting that tournaments can be more demanding from an endurance perspective, since you do not have the option to leave the table when you are no longer playing your A-game. 

That said, to play tournaments at the expert level requires balancing a lot of variables that can be mostly (or completely) ignored by play at the average level. There are a huge array of subjects when you start looking at ChipEV vs $EV considerations and many many complications created by differing stack sizes (both for you and your opponents) and by the state of the tournament. Many of these complications have no equivalent in cash games (though expert-level cash play has its own set of complications). Which leads me to the conclusion that moving into the expert level puts the two back onto a fairly even footing. There is one possibility for improvement if your opponent is playing aggressively preflop: If that's the case, you should just call here, with the intention of check/raising all-in. That's only a good option if he is very likely to raise when you limp. Ignoring the fact that he called with 75o (as that does prove your point), what makes you conclude that this opponent is a weaker player? Often in Heads-up tournament play, the best strategy is to play A LOT of hands and play them very aggressively. It sounds like this is what he was doing. I would argue that both games take a similar amount of skill in order to achieve expert-level play. However, to achieve average-level play, tournaments require less skill.