Is there another solution that works? So I'm trying to find another solution to check for the cookie and I'm thinking of using the jQuery Cookie plugin. I'm wondering if it's compatible in all browsers (when JS is enabled of course)? The situation I have is, as follows: The game JavaScript is here: www.bigshrimpcontest.com/js/game.js The AJAX requests are line 258 (#1), line 40 (#2), line 99 (#3). I've tried both of these options: adding a timestamp and changing the user-agent meta tag to IE8 and EmulateIE8, both with no luck. I am needing to detect when a user is inactive (not clicking or typing) on the current page for more than 30 minutes. So, is there a way to have jQuery retrieve the form the input/select/textarea is in? I'm having a very weird jQuery AJAX problem that I can't figure out. I believe you can also do it while creating the dialog (copied from a project I did): Also, you may want to look at when your script to generate the ads is being loaded and run. I suspect it's run before and never sees this code. If you are doing something like the following: Is this correct or am I doing something wrong? I'm wondering what you would do as I'm trying to avoid having the HTML in 2 places. Would you put all the HTML in JS? Or would you put all of the HTML on the server (PHP) and call with AJAX? Or would you just have the HTML in 2 places? (BTW, the case I'm working which has 5 columns and a lot more HMTL.) Something like Google Analytics is generally not required on most websites and I have often found that I am waiting for it to load. (I don't want to use onload because of it's unreliability.) I have also found this extension to jQuery: http://www.linein.org/blog/2008/01/10/roate-image-using-jquery-with-plugin/ I have a site that we require the user to have enabled JavaScript and cookies before they can login to the site. (The JS part is done and works perfectly.) At the moment, we have been been setting a cookie and then redirect the user to another page (in PHP). This has worked fine, but now we have a bunch of people that have bookmarked the page we are redirecting to, which of course doesn't have the cookie set and therefore doesn't allow them to login. It looks like there is a bug in jQuery UI Dialog where there closeOnEscape doesn't work properly, such that escape will still close the dialog. One possible solution is to unbind the keydown on the overlay, but this doesn't seem to work. By the way, in this case, I want this functionality, but I'm just wondering if I'm going to run into a problem in a browser where the onsubmit is triggered. There are a few AJAX POSTs that happen during the game: (1) at the start (recording a start time), (2) when the game ends (recording the end time and stats/score from the game), (3) when the entry form is submitted (recording their name, email, etc). On the server, I'll see the request, but there is no POST or GET data. I've only seen the problem in IE9 (we've blocked IE6 & 7). I have jQuery available, although I'm not sure how much of this will actually use jQuery. Edit: Is there is no way of getting the jQuery autocomplete within the source without using the selectors to getting the original input and therefore the autocomplete? I have the following code, setting up a jQuery UI autocomplete: I'm also concerned that I use the same methods on other projects that are much more important to save the data. Hopefully this helps someone so they don't have to go through the painful process of trying to figure this out. You'll need to escape the forward slashes: Here is the link for bug and fix for 1.6, but 1.5.3 is still broken: http://dev.jqueryui.com/ticket/3253 My question/problem is: in the javascript, I need to have the full HTML to generate each of the rows or perform an AJAX request to get the new row from the server. On the server I need to have the HTML to generate the rows when the users comes back to edit or do I pass the values using a json array. Edit: I'm more needing to know if they are actively using the site, therefore clicking (changing fields or position within a field or selecting checkboxes/radios) or typing (in an input, textarea, etc). If they are in another tab or using another program, then my assumption is they are not using the site and therefore should be logged out (for security reasons). It seems to do it quite nicely, although a lot of code for not too much. There are a couple methods to solve this: I am using: PHP + MySQL + jQuery Edit: I also found the Nivo Slider which I've used quite often and has been working quite well. It also has the ability to have "navigation" and prev/next buttons. Quite handy. The problem is that in IE9, only sometimes (I can't reproduce it), it doesn't submit any data, although the AJAX returns successfully. As well, 1 AJAX POST will not send any data while the next one and any following on the same page will be successful. I want to trigger the submit event of the form the current element is in. A method I know works sometimes is: I have the following situation: I have an image sprite of sorts with multiple frames for 1 button. I'm looking to "play" through the frames on rollover of the link/button using jQuery. Currently the image is set as the background of the button using CSS, so I'm looking to change the background position every ~30ms by ~40px along the Y axis (but I can change the direction) 10x so it ends up moving ~400px.