In theology, we understand that there are communicable attributes and incommnicable attributes. The likeness of God within us contains His communicable atrributes. We are moral beings, intellectual beings, spiritual beings, etc. Yet, we are not uncreated, eternal, self-existent beings. So, the idea of God "obeying" what we describe as the laws of physics is really an absurdity. These laws govern the physical universe--not the Maker of the physical universe. In response to the question of whether he had eaten of the fruit, Adam blames Eve and even tries to implicate God in it, since He brought her to him. He had a chance to take responsibility, but he failed in that and reverted to the blame game. The laws of physics are certainly quite different from moral laws. In fact, the Bible never refers to the laws of physics as "laws". We see them as laws, because we are bound by them and are unable to break them. We don't obey them based on our own volition. שְׁמַע יִשְׂרָאֵל יְהוָה אֱלֹהֵינוּ יְהוָה אֶחָד The "Shema" (שְׁמַע), found in Deuteronomy 6:4, states that "YHVH (יהוה) is one." This verse can be interpreted to contradict the doctrine of the Trinity, yet this doctrine is quite prominent in Christendom. How, then, is the doctrine of the Trinity reconciled with this verse? How can this verse be understood to be in harmony with the doctrine of the Trinity? The terms "Father" and "Son" describe the kind of relationship--not reproduction or order of existence. The Bible never speaks of God the Mother, and, indeed, without a Mother, there could be no divine Family. God uses the terms "Father" and "Son" in order for us to understand a relationship that would otherwise be obscured to us. A basic principle of teaching is that you use the known to describe the unknown. God uses concepts with which we are familiar in the physical realm to describe a relationship in the spiritual realm. God is truly indescribable, though, in that He cannot be completely defined by words. Indeed, I'm not sure any person could be completely described by words, even as finite as we are. So, God's presence does fill heaven and earth, but the response to His presence varies greatly. The response can be joy or terror, acceptance or condemnation, communion or isolation. The assertion that God's omniscience, omnipresence, and omnificence somehow means that God must be everything is false. God's omniscience means God knows all things. God's omnipresence means that God is everywhere present. God's omnificence means that He has all creative power. None of these mandate that God must be both love and evil. Thus, in eternity past, Jesus was in relation to the Father as the Son--but this has nothing to do with biology or reproduction, as the Son is co-eternal with the Father. Paul describes Jesus as the creator of all things--thus, Jesus is un-created and eternal. For the question about when God wasn't asking questions (2 and 5)... Interestingly enough the term is actually used in the Septuagint (the Greek translation of the Hebrew Scriptures) in reference to Isaac--who was not the only son of Abraham, nor was he even the first. Abraham's first son was Ishmael, and he had five sons by Keturah, whom he married after Sarah died. Isaac was then the 2nd of 7 sons. However, he is still called the "one kind" or "one of a kind" son of Abraham. Why is this? Not because of his uniqueness of being a son, but because of the uniqueness in which he was a son. He became a son from a promised miraculous birth. The answer to this depends very much on the concept of who God is in the first place. If God is, as evangelical Christians believe, pre-existent, self-existent, omnipotent, omniscient, infinite and eternal, then it would be impossible for there to ever be multiple gods that share all those attributes. It's perfectly acceptable to talk about the traits and characteristics of God that we know--the ones that he tells us. However, we have to approach God with respect, reverence and honor. We have to make sure that we don't presume to fully understand God or fully understand any one aspect of his character. Did God know that Adam and Eve would fall? Yes, he knew but Adam and Even weren't perfect. God allowed them to suffer the consequences of their choices. If he prevented them from suffering for their choices, they would not have free will! God wants us to be humble, follow his rules, act right, love mercy, and have faith in him. That is what pleases God. Hebrews 11:6 NIV And without faith it is impossible to please God, because anyone who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who earnestly seek him. Yes Can we know anything about God? Yes! We can know whatever he tells us about himself. "How can that be?" objected Theodosius. "Did God foreknow and actually foreordain our deeds from eternity?" John 14:21 (NIV) Whoever has my commands and keeps them is the one who loves me. The one who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love them and show myself to them. "Exactly as God knew I would before the ages," replied the saint. "He foreordained the circumstances of my life, which is guarded by providence." God gave us free will. He allows us to follow or turn away from him. God knows what we will do. However, we have the power to control our responses. If God forced our hand, we would not have free will! St. Maximus ca. 580-662 a.d. (The Life of Our Holy Monastic Father Maximus the Confessor and Martyr) "My lord, you know all this," answered Saint Maximus. "You only ask to try your servant."