Check out point #2. In most cases where I needed to remove someone, I found that they typically removed themselves, after we gave them some coaching and tried to believe in them. When the work involves a fair degree of learning or acquisition of knowledge, as a PM, how can I advise these developers give their updates without making them feel as if they aren't making any progress, since there may not be anything to show for days/weeks? If these things are taken care of, the business can be profitable and extensible. But without a plan, the chances of success aren't good. I worked with some contractors where 4 of them were friends. Halfway through, my client said she could only get in touch with one of them and work slowed to a crawl. Apparently, the 4 of them all got into a big fight and refused to work together anymore. The one guy remaining only knew a little PHP, so my client went through other avenues and dropped those guys. There have been times where stress has gotten the better all of us. It's important to learn the triggers that cause this stress and also learn how to recognize when you may not be at your best. By knowing when your judgement is affected by stress, you can make adjustments to your own behavior. The functional manager, in this case, would work directly with the team building the project, whereas as a PM you're not directly involved in any of that. Being a PM doesn't mean you necessarily run the project. In many cases, investing some time in a person can turn them around. An example of a functional manager would be the dev team lead, or a marketing manager, or a sales director -- people who possess a set of skills and who lead others with those same skills. For instance, a sales manager would lead a team of salespeople. A project manager, on the other hand, works with those different teams to help coordinate everything. In many cases, there's no formal authority. Your friend, being a developer, would likely fill something similar to a dev lead role. I don't want to discourage you too much. These types of partnerships can work. But I also think many people jump into these types of partnerships without a full grasp of all of the challenges and pitfalls that can easily be avoided by making sure there is a plan in place and an avenue for resolving disputes. Now, you'll definitely want to create a written contract, one which clearly defines your roles, what your level of authority is, and how you'll resolve disputes. It's impossible to do your job effectively if you're being micromanaged, but this can be done. There are executives who are used to delegating responsibility to others. In fact, an organization cannot succeed unless executives can let go of the wheel in some areas and let others drive.