There is a third question Prof. Jackson seems to want us to think about as well. This isn't an abstract discussion about the "Western tradition" so much as it is a practical question about the shape of the profession of philosophy as an academic discipline today. Are philosophers today racist? Is there good work they are ignoring because the standards and shape of the academic discipline of philosophy are subtly biased against it in ways that reflect racial, gender, sexual, or other kinds of biases? I think that's an important question. The answer is: almost certainly. There is a growing literature on this subject. For instance, the number of articles by women published in top, peer-reviewed journals in philosophy is disproportionately low. 

Two last thoughts about how race and gender can hurt you in the profession that I don't know how to mitigate. First, young philosophers need mentors. You need somebody to teach you how to write for publication at big journals. You've got to know what the profession is talking about how to cast your ideas so that they are responsive to these broader professional currents. Such mentors are hard to find. If there are only 2 people at your graduate program who actually have the kind of publication/professional chops to be able to mentor you on how to do that, then you face a non-trivial chance that neither of them is going to be willing to mentor you in that way because of your gender or race or sexual orientation or religious preferences. If that's your situation, you can't really change it except by changing programs, I think. It's unfair, unjust and awful. But I don't see what else a powerless graduate student could do about it. 

Here is Dicker's reconstruction of the Refutation argument: 

This reversal is unlikely to be due to omitted variables: In two quasi-experiments, increases in church-state separation precede increases in the alignment between fiscal and social conservatism. We construct a model where elites increase church-state separation or create a constituency for lower taxes if religious voters exceed non-religious voters. Welfare state crowds out religious participation, leading to multiple steady states where some countries sustain high church-state separation, high religiosity, and low welfare state, and vice versa". 

The Economist did a non-scientific straw poll of Texas Republicans with the advantage that participants gave their own speculations as to the reasons for the alignment: 

Cassirer's Substance and Function And Einstein's Theory of Relativity (1910/21) was one of the first assimilations of relativity by a major philosopher. Based on it, Cassirer rejected Kant's characterization of space and time as forms of pure sensibility, and described them instead as initial forms of conceptualization by understanding, which can be refined by advancing science into more elaborate forms, such as Einstein's spacetime. Reichenbach in Theory of Relativity and A Priori Knowledge (1920) takes the logical structure of general relativity as a logical blueprint for general empirical theories. He distinguishes "axioms of connection", laws connecting experimentally accessible empirical concepts, and "axioms of coordination", non-empirical principles required to make concepts empirically meaningful in the first place. Without the axioms of coordination, such as the constancy of the speed of light, and the equivalence principle in relativity, the concepts like inertial frames or energy have no empirical meaning, i.e. spacetime and the metric tensor are presupposed a priori. 

Kant is famous exactly for the breaking with the tradition of metaphysics that preceded him. His point was that all our experience is about phenomena (appearances), and that "ultimate nature of reality" is inaccessible, if it has any meaning at all. That "rational intuition" postulated by previous philosophers, like Descartes and Leibniz, to break out of this limitation was based on misapplying concepts of experience to noumena, entities that can not be objects of any possible experience. He calls "transcendental illusion" taking "a subjective necessity of a connection of our concepts… for an objective necessity in the determination of things in themselves". And he illustrated, in antinomies of pure reason, that such misapplication is not only a category error, but can lead to contradictions. According to Kant, the purpose of philosophy is elucidation of empirical knowledge that we do have, through critical analysis of its sources, not metaphysical speculation about reality, which does not and can not produce any knowledge. See Kant's Critique of Metaphysics. 

Morewedge in "A Third Version of the Ontological Argument in the Ibn Sinian Metaphysics" (p.188) says the exact opposite, and classes the argument along with "ontological proofs, which are based purely on his analytic specification of this concept". His reading is based on Avicenna's distinction between being and existence (not unlike Anselm's existence in mind and existence in reality). Avicenna's being "is more determinable and more extensive than both 'existence' and 'essence'", and so he can posit the the "necessarily existent" initially as only being, which then, due to "necessarily", must also be existent. Johnson in Ibn Sinā's Fourth Ontological Argument for God's Existence takes an intermediate position of classing the argument as cosmological overall, but containing an ontological aspect. Mayer's surmise shows that classification attempts are even more hopeless: 

Forgive the wall of text, but Prof. Jackson rightly calls our attention to some big issues that can't be given glib, short answers. 

There are at least two possible explanations for these kind of lingering problems in the profession. I'll identify these problems, then suggest some steps that young scholars can take to try to mitigate the negative influence of these factors on their careers. 

"just as a living thing and a drawing of one have one name in common . . ." 

Ok, let me try. (translation is off the top of my head, so check with the oxford translation). 

It isn't possible to just throw Confucius into an ethics syllabus as an "alternative" kind of virtue ethics. This is for two reasons--first, although I am no specialist on Confucius, I am almost certain that the description wouldn't be completely correct, and therefore it would fail to respect Confucius on his own terms. It's one thing to note a similarity between Aristotle's ethics and Confucius's. It's another entirely to think that "ethics" is this a static, timeless domain of clearly understandable questions to which Confucius and Aristotle are both offering the same answer. That's too simplistic. At some basic level philosophical questions are universal, yes. But as people in one particular tradition take those questions up, they transform them by giving them answers, by weaving them into systematic theories about the world, and by developing social institutions whose existence presupposes a particular way of thinking about those questions. The social world of China in Confucius's time is importantly different than the social world of the Aristotle's Greece. 

Two last thoughts about how race and gender can hurt you in the profession that I don't know how to mitigate. First, young philosophers need mentors. You need somebody to teach you how to write for publication at big journals. You've got to know what the profession is talking about how to cast your ideas so that they are responsive to these broader professional currents. Such mentors are hard to find. If there are only 2 people at your graduate program who actually have the kind of publication/professional chops to be able to mentor you on how to do that, then you face a non-trivial chance that neither of them is going to be willing to mentor you in that way because of your gender or race or sexual orientation or religious preferences. If that's your situation, you can't really change it except by changing programs, I think. It's unfair, unjust and awful. But I don't see what else a powerless graduate student could do about it.