Certain extreme elements of the counterculture went too far, showed scary tendencies toward violence, or became cults of personality. Examples were the Manson Gang, the Symbionese Liberation Army, and arguably the Black Panthers. Although these groups were small numerically and not representative of the counterculture in general, people were fascinated and repelled by media coverage of them. 

English political theorists saw the right to bear arms as a necessary way of preserving one's own freedom, as opposed to "parchment rights." For example, Blackstone (1723-1780) writes: 

Hashish was known in the West as early as 1596, when it was described by Jan Huyghen van Linschoten in a book describing his travels in Egypt and Turkey. But it wasn't until the 19th century that smoking cannabis became widely known in the West, through portrayals of oriental exoticism by writers such as Dumas. 

Factor #2 means that the US has a longstanding history of racial antagonism and inequality, including a lot of racial violence. In much of the US (not just the southeast) during Reconstruction, it was pretty common for black men to be lynched on some pretext because they didn't submit to a subservient role. (There are for example a lot of old postcards showing grisly lynching scenes.) Today, the US has a lot of black men in prison serving extremely long prison terms for selling crack, while selling powder cocaine (traditionally a drug used by affluent whites) results in short sentences. There is a growing realization in all three branches of government that this kind of thing expresses a legacy of racist justice in the US, which is clearly ultimately traceable back to our history of slavery. I don't think it's a coincidence that we used to be surpassed in our incarceration rate only by apartheid-era South Africa. 

(This answer is based on notes I took on a book I read, but unfortunately I have lost the title of the book, so I don't have any specific references to cite here. However, I don't think any of this is particularly controversial, although its application to modern gun-rights politics may be.) 

Harry Truman claimed, in his July 25, 1945 diary entry, that: 

If you're looking for the reasons the US fought in Vietnam, I think LBJ is too late. Kennedy in 1963: "We don't have a prayer of staying in Vietnam. These people hate us. They are going to throw our asses out of there at any point. But I can't give up a piece of territory like that to the communists and then get the people to reelect me." There is a great deal more material of this type in the Pentagon Papers. 

If you watch a John Wayne movie, you'll see the tendency of US culture to value individualism, self-reliance, and violence. We also have the right to bear arms enshrined in our constitution. 

People are no longer necessarily dancing in pairs, and there are no defined "steps" -- the dancers are moving their hips without necessarily taking their feet off the ground at all. 

Hemp was grown in the British colonies starting around 1619 in order to make rope, which was in demand by the British Navy. Today, industrial hemp has a low level of THC and a high level of CBD. Because CBD suppresses the narcotic effect of THC, this combination makes it impossible to get high by smoking industrial hemp, even if you puff up a storm. We don't know if 18th-century strains were similar to modern industrial hemp, but there is no hard evidence that they were any different. 

Although the military-industrial complex did end up involved in a huge amount of economic activity in supporting the Vietnam war, that came much later. There was nothing like that going on as early as 1963. 

Militia service was compulsory. The alternative to a compulsory and universal militia would have been a volunteer force. A volunteer force, called a "select militia," was considered politically bad, because then you'd have an armed minority that could exercise power or be used as a tool. A standing army was even worse. England had a history of militias successfully resisting government oppression. At one point the king tried to get a royal monopoly on gunpowder, but he was successfully resisted.