Source: 800 years young, A. F. Horadam, Department of Mathematics, University of New England Since you are mostly interested in diplomacy and official writing, I also looked for a few notable international or bilateral pacts and treaties. The period of the Ottoman Empire I'm mostly familiar with is during and after the Greek War of Independence, so I focused my search on documents after 1821. Nevertheless, I think my findings sufficiently show that a variety of names was used, sometimes even within the same document. "Turkey" and "Ottoman Empire" were the terms more commonly used. 

Without explaining his methods, Fibonacci then gives the approximate solution in sexagesimal notation as 1.22.7.42.33.4.40 (this is written to base 60, so it is 1 + 22/60 + 7/602 + 42/603 + ...). This converts to the decimal 1.3688081075 which is correct to nine decimal places, a remarkable achievement. The Treaty of Lausanne was signed after the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire, however it's perhaps worth noting that there are various instances of "Ottoman" in it. London Protocol (1830) and Treaty of Constantinople (1832) In the original French version of the London Protocol that established Greece as an independent kingdom, "l’Empire Ottoman", "Porte Ottomane" and "Porte" are used. Johannes of Palermo was a scholar in Frederick II's court. Frederick was aware of Fibonacci's work, and perhaps even an admirer. In 1225 when Frederick's court met in Pisa, Fibonacci was invited to demonstrate his works. I can't find a source for when exactly Johannes of Palermo posed his problems, but the two men certainly met in Pisa and Johannes posed his problems directly at Fibonacci: 

When Geoffrey V died in 1151 an enamel effigy showing three lions was placed on his tomb. A very similar effigy was placed on the tomb of Geoffrey's grandson, William Longespée. 

Looking at that royal mess, and considering the hereditary nature of heraldry, I think it's quite obvious how we ended up with only two main symbols of European monarchy, the lion and the eagle. That said, and while the choice of the eagle is easily explained, the lion is a bit more enigmatic and I don't think we can do much more than speculate. The use of lions might have been widespread in the House of Normandy, and the first known use of the lion in coat of arms in a hereditary fashion comes from one of the dynasty's members, Henry I of England. When Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou was knighted in 1127, according to Wikipedia: 

As for an example of the problem: 

Treaties of Sèvres (1920) and Lausanne (1923) In the English version of the Treaty of Sèvres the Ottoman Empire is referred to as "Turkey", and the Ottoman government as "Imperial Ottoman Government" (preamble) and as "Turkish Government" (article 250). I couldn't locate the French (primary) or the Italian version of the treaty, nevertheless the English one is also an official one. In a note the Great Powers send to Greece on February 13, 1914 concerning violations of the Treaty of London, "Turquie" is used instead. Lastly, a fascinating opinion is that the lion became widely associated with knighthood and chivalry in the 1170s because of the popularity of Chrétien de Troyes' romance Yvain, the Knight of the Lion, that influenced later works of Arthurian legend all around Europe, like Iwein and Owain, or the Lady of the Fountain. In the English version of the Treaty of Constantinople that marked the end of the Greek War of Independence, "Turkey", "Turkish", "Ottoman Sublime Porte", "the Sublime Porte" and "Ottomans" are used. Still, the question remains: Why a lion? It can be speculated that it's an early Christian symbol (see: Daniel in the lions' den), or just a widespread symbol of bravery, as it has been used in similar fashions by several civilizations, some decisively non Christian and with little contact with the Christian world at the time (for example the Han Dynasty's guardian lions). The legendary Hercules could also be the source of the using the lion as a symbol of bravery, his first labour being slaying the Nemean Lion (and then fashionably wearing its skin as a hat ;) Wikipedia has a pretty comprehensive list of the names used for the Ottoman Empire at different periods and in various languages. At the end of the article there's also a chronological list of links to historic maps using the alternative names of the Ottoman Empire. 

European monarchies are extremely intertwined, all European dynasties are related to each other, it's not surprising that they use very similar symbols. For example, take a look at the family tree of the German monarchs: 

Source: Leonardo Pisano Fibonacci (short biography), School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St Andrews, Scotland There is another example from Flos in the source of my first quote, but unfortunately without Fibonacci's solution. Perhaps you would like to try and solve it on your own? ;) 

Mathematical questions for Fibonacci to solve were proposed by a scholar, Master John of Palermo. According to some writers, a mathematical tournament between Fibonacci and other mathematicians took place, but this does not seem to have been the case. Three of these problems are given later when I deal with Fibonacci's mathematical writings. At the time of his meeting with Frederick in the 1220's, Fibonacci was probably at the height of his prowess. 

His son, Richard I of England (Richard the Lionheart) formally adopted the three lions from his grandfather's shield as the Royal Arms of England. Political alliances (this was after all the time of the Crusades), intermarriages, and conquests all played a part in the symbol, in one form or another, finding its way to most European coats of arms. Treaty of London (1913) and Athens Peace Convention (1913) The Treaty of London and the peace treaty signed in the Athens convention concluded the First Balkan War. Both documents use "Ottoman Empire".