Granted, this is not undisputed, since most records (where there was any indication at all) seem to suggest both censors agreed on the candidate. One explanation is that the choice belong to one censor, but he is obliged to seek his colleague's consent. Alternatively, it has been theorised that normally, the censors make the appointment jointly, but if the censors could not agree, then the dispute is resolved by lot. Example: Sicilia, wearing triskelis, standing left, holding crown and poppies Given the conflicting understandings, Stabo thus reasoned that Pytheas could not be trusted to report honestly on new discoveries, since he was already "wrong" about known locations. Roman soldiers generally did not fight with their lovers by their side. Remember, Roman soldiers weren't even allowed to marry during for the first two centuries of the Principate. Probably some of the Indians went on to Rome, though the evidence is lacking. As a side note, Indian was one of the nationalities the poet Martial mentioned in his lampooning of a certain (fictitious) Caelia: Of course, we cannot remotely diagnose people dead for 2,000 years. Moreover, many people today develop coping mechanisms to deal with their compulsions. There's no reason to assume the same would not be true of the ancients. The traditional analysis is that Hannibal probably could not have taken Rome, and perhaps more importantly, knew that he couldn't, despite his brilliant victories in the field. A complementary analysis is that in recognition of this, his preferred strategy is to disrupt Rome's alliances. There is very little truth to this claim, if at all. If there was no censors when the position of princeps became vacant, then it appears that no replacement was appointed until the censorship was filled again. Accordingly, many mysophobes avoid touching the faucets after washing their hands, to prevent "re-contamination". By extension, if a mysophobe only have access to a still pool of reused water, their desire to wash their hands with it will be vastly reduced. In fact, their feelings on using this pool may well be an echo of the following expression on public baths, by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius: A sēstertius was worth 4 assēs, and thus 1/4 of a dēnārius. At the time of the early empire, the yearly pay of a Roman legionary was 225 denarii. The base pay of the lowest enlisted pay grade in the US military is currently $1600 per month, or $19,200 year. If we equate a Roman legionary to a modern American private, then that makes a denarius equivalent to about 85 USD. By extension a sestertius would be about 21 USD. Prior to 209, the oldest living former censor was by tradition appointed the princeps senatus. As a matter of custom, this patrician would be re-nominated to the position until his death, at which point the next most senior former censor succeeds him. One key lies in their treatment of illegitimacy, or bastardy. In Roman society, as is typical of the West in general, illegitimate children had no formal link to their fathers. This was true from the earliest times, and lasted well into the Imperial period before a softening of the laws occurred in the second and third centuries.1 For a complete and detailed account of Anglo-Saxon reuse of old Roman structures, see the Oxford doctoral thesis by Tyler Bell: "The Religious Reuse of Roman structures in Anglo-Saxon England."