There are two issues when a back-row player sets near/above the net: 

Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): 13.3.3: [Faults of the attack hit] A back-row player completes an attack hit from the front zone, if at the moment of the hit the ball is entirely higher than the top of the net. 

Update: The below answer was valid at the time it was posted, however, the rules changed dramatically, and now any contact with the net by a player between the antennae, during the action of playing the ball, is a fault. (With explicit inclusion of the take-off and landing in the action of playing the ball.) Therefore, per the current rules, both sample situations are now faults. So, “To destabilize the reception and prevent a series of 4 second side out points, and thus make the game less predictable, reception of service overhand with fingers will be judged more strictly.” If the service will be received using overhand finger action, the hit must be clean – no double contact and no catch. This change affects only the service reception (further defensive actions during the rally will be unaffected and subject to the “first team hit” exception) and only the overhand reception. The exact wording of the newly created rule 9.2.4 will be as follows: 

The problem is that is necessary to view the last players (forward and defender) and the ball at the same time. This rule applies to every tournaments, Grand Slam and minor ones. 

In my opinion watching the video is more easy to understand than looking the screenshot 

When two ports are very close succession of uses "double" term to describe this figure as if it is three doors in close succession using the term "triple" (this is a translation from Italian language). 

The players other than the kicker must be located: • inside the field of play In the image below you can see those takeover zones (red boxes) on a lap 

What are "objective" criteria or rules (if exists) to define a sport as "national sport" for each Country? 

• must be placed on the penalty mark 

• at least 9.15 m (10 yds) from the penalty mark 

In Auckland 2016 draw you can see that the "last" tennis player direct acceptance (no qualification needed) in Mariana Duque-Marino (ranking 78th), there are 4 slot for qualification players and 2 Wild Cards. 

Here the video of the draw of Australian Open 2016 

After the first few rounds this method guarantees matches between teams of similar level and you can a number of mathces as you need at the same time. When the cross is kicked there are no players in offside. Then the goalkeeper deflects the ball over the bar (or the ball arrive directly over the bar), and in this moment (if the video screenshot is at the right moment) there is only a player in offside (near the left bar of the goal "numer 1"), but this player is a not-active position. 

Also in slalom skiiers has to pass alternatively in red gate then blue gate. According to IAAF competition rules art 163: 

On official limitations on radio communication there are no indications as to the language to use, so I believe that there are no restrictions in this regard There are also a lot of variants (for example to avoid matches with the same teams..) you can check on wikipedia link In the past was the ranking rules was not followed so closely: maybe there are players strong on grass and weak on clay so there where a bit of adjustments, but this way generate many controversy so now it is followed the "rankings rules". 

If the assistant referee is in line with the last forward, how can he see when the ball leaves the other player if he is so far from the last forward? Watching the replays, it seems impossible to make the right decision on difficult offside calls. 

I use it for curling tournaments and work in this way (for 12 teams): 

Applied: it is applied also to double matches (men and women) and also in other tournaments out of Gran Slam circuit: (All citations from the IIHF Official Rule Book 2014–18.) 

Note the rule does not forbid overhand reception of a service per se, it just requires it to be completely clean. But, presumably, unless the hit is very clean, it is going to get whistled automatically. This change also brings indoor volleyball rules a bit closer to beach volleyball, where overhand service reception is also not explicitly prohibited, but everybody receives using forearm bump, as an overhand reception would be whistled ±automatically as a double contact. 

Team A’s setter hit the ball above the net so that at the moment of the hit his/her fingers were in the opponent’s space. After the set the ball flew parallel to the net toward an attacker. The blocker of team B touched the ball in team’s A space, so that the team A player could not execute the attack hit. How should the 1st referee decide? 

The FIVB Rules of the Game Volleyball Casebook, 2014 edition lists several examples (examples 3.13–3.22; pages 11–12), where it is made clear that: 

Update: The below answer was valid at the time it was posted, however, the rules changed dramatically, and now any contact with the net by a player between the antennae, during the action of playing the ball, is a fault. (With explicit inclusion of the take-off and landing in the action of playing the ball.) Therefore, per the current rules, both sample situations are now faults.