Yes, Jesus might have been anointed twice or four times. But if we use just the tiniest amount of common sense, it seems pretty obvious that being anointed with a $3million oil was not a common event. Therefore, it's extremely safe to assume that this was really simply one event. I don't think it gets much more clear than that. Note that Wikipedia mentions that this could be two separate events, but it is commonly accepted to be one event, shared among the gospels. Jesus explicitly calls himself the Son of God here in Matthew 26: This means that he wants to know us as individuals--that he wants to be loved by us as individuals. That he wants a relationship with us as individuals. The high priest said to him, “I charge you under oath by the living God: Tell us if you are the Messiah, the Son of God." He wants our love and gives love in return. That's what a personal relationship is about. Jesus replied “What you have said is true.” In all four books, Jesus was anointed with expensive oil. Two books show he was anointed on his head, two show he was anointed on his feet. More than likely, he was anointed on once on both his head and his feet. I don't know about you, but I rarely come across any single item that's worth multiple millions of dollars. Now, we can presume that he did all of these events multiple times, or we can (rightly) move forward with the understanding that these records are four viewpoints of the same events. Spiritual blindness can only be cured by supernatural means. And spiritual means come in two packages, Actual and Sanctifying Grace. Actual Grace, being the grace to get up and do good works and Sanctifying Grace being the grace freely given by Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross. "Those who have ears, ought to hear," was how Jesus would end his proclamations. I don't know if no one thinks about contraception as witchcraft nowadays, but in days of yore, I'd imagine, if you'd want to get a contraceptive back in the day, you didn't go to Planned Parenthood. You went to the old hag who knew how to conjure that kind of stuff. However, this is not to say that they're doomed or mud people or in any way permanently deficient, its just where you (you apostles) are meeting this person now, it is not in their best interest to cure their blindness when what they need to do is learn to see. And now, if you'll bear with me, I'll attempt to connect the dots in my brain and you can tell me if it makes sense not. Grace is the thing God gives us, our souls are what perceive it, if our souls are blind (like the tree people or the folks in Isaiah) then we cannot perceive it. If, on the other hand, we are made to perceive it (or rather forced to perceive it, because we are already made to perceive it) then God has done the thing he doesn't do. He takes away our freewill and thereby diminishes our innate capacity to love Him to the fullest (which Jesus says is the greatest commandment). It wouldn't be the greatest commandment if it were merely a command performed by a magician "look into my eyes, you must love God with all your heart, with all your soul etc.)" that wouldn't be freewill and it wouldn't be love, it wouldn't be sacrificial or grace filled or even good. So, for some, it is dangerous to make them come forcibly into the light of God's glory, according to Moses, most folks would die if they tried. This was not the man Jesus ordering them to leave it was the Deity Jesus. Jesus had on at lest one other occasion sensed the faith of one who was not closely following him. We must begin by reminding everyone that this site is dedicated to answering questions about Christianity. Christianity is a belief system based on faith in Jesus as the Christ. That presupposes that the Bible is true, and Jesus was Divine and therefore able to perform the miraculous realigning of man to God's favor. It presupposes that God (the Supreme being) is the creator of the material realm. Christianity must basically accept that the Spiritual realm is eternal, and that the material realm exists as a part of the spiritual realm. The Deity of Jesus is a Spirit and being a Spirit has no material aspects, and therefore is able to inhabit the human body of Jesus just as these other Spirits inhabited another human being. These are the verses which deal with those differing deaths: 31 If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. Rev 20:6 KJV Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. Whether or not this is some machination of the Human mind or reality it is also basic to Christianity, in that the three Scriptures quoted above all point to the superiority God and also his ability to dispense authority to a portion of his creation, a basic concept necessary to accept that God had the ability to give Jesus (a physical man) those powers necessary to reclaim man as God's creation.