3 And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. 

2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And what does it mean in context of Adam and Jesus? Did either one of them ever become "dead" as viewed from the atheistic perspective? From my understanding of the concept of death held by Atheist Adam would have suffered that death, while Jesus in Christian belief did not. It is basic to Christianity that the stone was rolled away by an Angel and Jesus physical body arose to regain its physical life and remains now in perpetuity. Christianity is a belief in which Jesus exists in perpetuity in both his physical and Spiritual bodies. Jesus had on at lest one other occasion sensed the faith of one who was not closely following him. 

Christianity is a result of man's ego in that man is accepted to be supreme to both vegetation and animal life. 

Although this mental nimbleness is a simplification it holds it's validity in the existence of the physical or material realm. 

Many People had already seen Jesus perform miracles and in the incident above this happened right after his having preached to them. It is possible that one of those in the crowd was receptive to his preaching and became a disciple. God knows the heart of people and Jesus may have known that it was a convert even though John did not. All of these are modern inventions for which there was no vocabulary or context in which teaching could be given. (While there were examples of contraceptives in ancient history, the Jewish people don't appear to have used any.) The basis of the teachings of the Catholic church and others comes from arguments of design. God's design of intercourse leads to reproduction--not all the time, of course, but that is certainly a reasonably common outcome. Additionally, there is a specific command given to Adam and Noah to fill the earth and multiply upon it, so taking unnatural action to prevent reproduction seems to go against that to some extent. 

However, is there anything in the Old Testament that indicates the time in history in which He would come, or is it just "some time in the future"? So, no, Jesus was not merely a spirit. His resurrection was a bodily resurrection. However, just as before the resurrection, He was Lord of Creation and could do miraculous things. 

So, how is it that God loves sinners? He suffered to watch his dear beloved eternal Son, who he has infinite filial and Fatherly emotions towards (which is neither comprehensible nor explained by scripture yet declared to be true and accepted by all Christians)- he suffered that 'one and only' to pay for your eternal offense to all that is good and praiseworthy. Not only so but to declare you righteous as a gift, with nothing required of you accept receiving that love by faith, you are granted tamper-proof eternally life, which no man, devil, or sin can steel away. The Son is the eternally generated Son of the Father, not the Spirit. What you have noticed is that the body of Christ was made by the Spirit, so technically, yes, God was the father of the Man Jesus, by the Spirit’s operation and power. The eternal Son was willing to take this body prepared for Him, thereby creating the God-Man, the Christ of God, in order to bring salvation to men. By this means The eternal Son assumed a human body prepared for Him by the eternal Spirit, according to the will of the eternal Father. All three; Father, Son and Holy Spirit, are the 'I AM', the only One and true God. John Owen explains the different views about 'begotten' very well here, as well as the correct view to take: 

Obviously the assumptions of scripture, what is declares to be obvious and what it declares to be nonsense is basically an inversion your question. In other words the scripture forcefully opposes you and it also opposes me in equal manner whenever I ponder my own foolish thoughts that are not worthy of his majesty and care. This is really a matter of life, wisdom, knowledge, and glory, verses death, folly, ignorance and sin. It really about choosing faith in God, or following the Devil, at least from the view ported to us in the Bible. It always calls for a decided response. It seems that Jesus was more interested in dying and orchestrating the timing of his death than teaching. His goal with regard to teaching was to be through the Spirit after his death and by the Apostles that he selected. Of couse this does not imply that his words recorded in the gospels are not filled with bottomless gold deposits of wisdom to mine from, but that his actions rather than parables are in the center. 

Years ago I used to answer this sort of question along the lines of God did not want robots to love him, so they had to have free will, etc. However this is not really an argument from the Bible itself. That kind of answer aims far to low to be Biblical. The Bible ascribed as things done for the praise of God's grace to the manifestation of that same grace, whereby we can all enjoy that same grace forever. The reason for everything, even though it seems things went wrong, is according to God's pleasure. This does not excuse the sinfulness of sin or Gods will that none should sin, it only admits God knew every sin that man would ever commit and planned to provide atonement by the death of His Son before the world was created. God does not live in time, so whatever happens tomorrow is no more distant than what happened before he fell.