For a long time after the war, these trophy skulls were treated like souvenirs and memorabilia, or simply forgotten in a basement. As the decades passed however, custodians of Japanese remains increasingly sought to repatriate them to Japan. Often this came about as veterans began passing away and their surviving family went through their inheritance. Many veterans, too, began seeing their wartime souvenirs differently than their younger selves. The Shuri Castle today, reconstructed during the 1990s from old photographs and records. Short Answer The Kidnapper is the United States/Roosevelt. The Hooligan is Britain/Churchill. The Bully was the Soviet Union/Stalin. Harrison, Simon. Dark Trophies: Hunting and the Enemy Body in Modern War. Berghahn Books, 2012. EDIT: A note on the political feasibility of a truce with Japan. While not exactly a populist strategy, it wasn't unacceptable to China at large either. I think this can be illustrated into two incidents where non-Chiang-aligned, regional cliques rebelled (purportedly to fight the Japanese): the Liangkwang Incident, and the rather more successful/famous Xi'an Incident. - Croddy, E., J. Wirtz, and J. A. Larsen. Weapons of Mass Destruction. Technology and History. 2005. - Elleman, Bruce A. Modern Chinese Warfare, 1795-1989. Routledge, 2005. In conclusion, Chiang is likely referring to Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Union here. - Takemae, Eiji. Allied Occupation of Japan. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2003. - Elleman, Bruce A. Modern Chinese Warfare, 1795-1989. Routledge, 2005. 1: Jowett, Philip S. The Japanese Army 1931-45 (2): 1942-45. Vol. 2. Osprey Publishing, 2002. Of the four members of the United Nations, we are the weakest; it is dangerous for the weak to be with a kidnapper, a hooligan and a bully. If a person does not strengthen themselves, no one else can help. And if a country does not strengthen itself, then friend or foe both see you as meat on a cutting board. Add in the fact that warlords were primarily concerned with their personal powers, then it would seem the biggest voice against compromise would be that of the common folk. I'm not sure that, in an impoverished China ruled by warlords, their voices carry much political weight.