So once the ball passes the line of scrimmage, the ball can only be handed or passed backward, never forward. But behind the line of scrimmage, the hand off can be forward or back and it is not considered a forward pass. This is why a muffed hand off results in a fumble rather than an incomplete pass. Additionally, a muffed backward pass is considered a fumble as per Rule 8, Section 7. The official statement was just released. The article points out a few rule clarifications. First, about gaining possession of the football: (a) If the spot of the kick was inside the receivers’ 20-yard line, it is the receivers’ ball at the 20-yard line or So a hand off counts as a running play, but so does a backward pass. However, the rules explicitly state that a hand off cannot be forward if the ball is beyond the line of scrimmage (8.7.4.a): NFL.com just put out an article discussing the statement by the NFL on the play. The author mentions that the NFL doesn't overtly say the officials made the right call and there wasn't sufficient evidence to overturn the initial ruling: Second NFL teams rely on being able to pick up players when theirs get hurt. A lot of times the player is on another team's practice squad. If teams had minor league systems they would own practice squad players. You could say that well a team should have backups on its minor league team... Well if 4 offensive guards go down, what if a team doesn't have enough? There could be situations where a team could get a practice squad player from another team at the guard position and he is the best guard not on a roster in the NFL, but if that team had a minor league system their guard might be the 500th best not on a roster... No answer for this but this would have to be greatly changed. So how hard is it to learn a playbook? At pee-wee through most colleges you will learn 80% of the playbook concepts in one week and be fine if you are average intellect. The hard part isn't learning the play. The hard part is remember your task on the play in question when you are out of breathe and just had your ass handed to you. I find that 90% of the "Responsibilities" errors come from mental mistakes of forgetting than it is from a player not knowing. And if a player doesn't know it is generally the coaches fault for playing him there - I would "quiz" my players all practices and throw them some booby trap play calls. So for your first question, the ball must be moving closer to the opponent's goal line than where it started in order to be a forward pass. Only one may be attempted each play. 1: Per the NFL Rule Book, Rule 8, Section 1, Article 1: Reading between the lines, the league seems to be indicating the officials may have made an error in judgement, but the judgement wasn't grievous enough to be overturned. Then in Article 2 (emphasis mine): The official statement was just released. The article points out a few rule clarifications. First, about gaining possession of the football: The four that have a hybrid fullback: Next they present the rule for simultaneous catches: (a) secures control of the ball in his hands or arms prior to the ball touching the ground; and So a hand off counts as a running play, but so does a backward pass. However, the rules explicitly state that a hand off cannot be forward if the ball is beyond the line of scrimmage (8.7.4.a):