One such matter is the tarawih prayer. From the authentic hadeeth of the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) himself, it is known that he used to perform this prayer with different number of rakah. One hadeeth by Bukhari report him performing it with thirteen rakah. Another hadeeth reports him performing it with seven, nine or eleven rakah. Another hadeeth narrated by Aisha' says that the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) did not extend it more than eleven rakah (i.e. including three rakah of witr). Scholars in Islam say this is more closer to Sunnah and it is better since Aisha' had the most understanding of the religious matters and Sunnah of the Messenger (salallahu alayhi wassalam). But, they do not forbid you from practicing the way 'Umar did as well i.e twenty rakah or twenty three with witr. There are also reports that Umar ordered to perform it with eleven rakah on some occasions and twenty three in others. 

Interpretation of the meaning: 

Interpretation of the meaning: 

Allah the Exalted says in Surah Al-Azhab: 

Moreover, this form of worship is only restricted to the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) alone. This is proven since the Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet) (may Allah be pleased with them) did not do similar practices with Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq , Umar , Uthman or Ali who were the best of the Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet). They are the best people after the prophets. So, tabarruk from anyone other than Prophet salallahu alayhi wassalam) is not permissible, according to Ahlus-Sunnah. 

[Jami` at-Tirmidhi Vol. 4, Book 8, Hadith 2272] 

Please the read the complete hadeeth above, especially the bolded part. If you have ever used a siwak you would know that a new one is a bit stiff because of its bark and it needs to be stripped. So before you use it, you strip it by chewing it and moistening it by your saliva or water. 

These all were authentically reported from the Prophet (peace be upon him). There is no doubt among Muslim scholars on the blessing of the Prophet's body including his hair, sweat, ablution water and all that touches his body. 

It was authentically reported that there was a blessing in his body, sweat, hair and all the parts of his body. Also, the Prophet (peace be upon him) approved of the Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet) regarding seeking blessings from his belongings. If it had not been permissible, the Prophet (peace be upon him) would not have approved of it. 

I want you to understand that in Islam, some matters of fiqh have flexibility and open to choice within the boundaries permitted by Shari'ah. 

In fact, Allah the Exalted affirms this in Qur'an. 

Hence, there is much flexibility in this matter. Scholars of Islam say you can follow any of the opinions as long as they are valid. There is no harm in it. However, what is not permissible is to pray four, six or eight rakah' uninterruptedly since the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) commanded to pray it in pairs of two, pronouncing the tasleem after every two. 

According to Ahlus-Sunnah, There is no doubt that it was narrated from the Prophet (peace be upon him) that the Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet) (may Allah be pleased with them) would seek blessings from the Prophet's leftover ablution water, hair, mouth spittle and nasal expectoration. These practices were authentically reported about the Prophet (peace be upon him) and the Sahabah (Companions of the Prophet). 

Tafsir of Ibn Katheer (rahimahullah) says that this verse which says "but he is the Messenger of Allah and the last of the Prophets. And Allah is Ever All-Aware of everything" is like the ayah where Allah says in Surah Al-An'am: 

Ibn Katheer (rahimahullah) said in his tafseer: 

'Abdur-Rahman bin Abu Bakr entered upon the Prophet (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) while I was supporting the Prophet (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) on my chest. 'AbdurRahman had a fresh Siwak then and he was cleaning his teeth with it. Allah's Messenger (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) looked at it, so I took the Siwak, cut it (chewed it with my teeth), shook it and made it soft (with water), and then gave it to the Prophet (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) who cleaned his teeth with it. I had never seen Allah's Messenger (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) cleaning his teeth in a better way. After finishing the brushing of his teeth, he lifted his hand or his finger and said thrice, "O Allah! Let me be with the highest companions," and then died. `Aisha used to say, "He died while his head was resting between my chest and chin."