These verses teach us that what we enjoy now is passing, fades away; but what comes after will never fade. Today's pleasures are also defiled by our baser desires, corrupting them with selfishness, and so on. Of course, some of us are afraid that our dearest treasures will be robbed or lost or misplaced, but in that heavenly place will be no robbery or rust. 

In the Bible, angels are messengers bringing messages from God to man, and working out among men the will of God. But seraphim do not do these things. They don't do the work of angels; they remain in the presence of God. 

"Biblically, is there any scriptural evidence against a man having a concubine?" Yes, because sexual relations apart from a spouse are forbidden, and concubinage obviously falls outside of marriage. These verses don't speak of concubinage specifically, but they all speak against sexual relations outside of marriage. As such, concubinage is adultery. 

Angels are described as human-like, and they are never described as having wings; but while seraphim are also humanoid, they differ in that they have six wings and fly around the throne of God. 

Seraphim in God's presence: Isaiah 6:2-3 

Perhaps the most famous occasion of a man going to heaven and coming back to earth to record the experience would be John, who wrote the book of Revelation. He saw much in heaven. It appears that he actually took notes while he was in heaven; at one point he was admonished not to write about the 7 thunders (Rev. 10:4). He was told to write what he saw and deliver it to the angels of the 7 churches (Rev 1:10-11). 

Of course, Ecclesiastes tells us of the emptiness ("vanity") of earthly joys. This contrasts with the "everlasting joy on their heads" proclaimed in the OT (Isaiah 51:11) when the Messiah comes. 

This goes along with what Jesus said in Matthew 6:19-20, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal: But lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal." 

Angels as messengers: Luke 1:11ff, Revelation 9, etc. 

Perhaps one of the best verses pointing to a greater joy after this life is found in 1 Peter 1:4, "to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled and that does not fade away, reserved in heaven for you." 

For this reason, I believe there is no basis for seraphim to be likened to angels. 

After that we find him giving his testimony again in 26:12 before Agrippa. Perhaps he had put two and two together and saw that reciting his personal encounter was more significant to the Lord, so he used that approach with Agrippa. Unfortunately, the book of Acts closes soon with no more mention about this approach. He was mainly a teacher and to the end taught from the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ, and how people must repent for the kingdom of God.