Drury Brown - a unique Ghostly Murderer - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1 The Tomekeeper - Unique Grim Wraith- Realm of Shadow - Act II If you are specifically interested in uniques (monsters with Purple names and "flavor text") you can find a list here. These monsters, in addition to more general elites/champions, tend to have special traits which give them unique powers. Note that I've modified the bold values based on Rapida's suggestion. I found another thread which confirms that the actual values are15% per stack, up to 75% total. Since it is essential to maintain my Barbarian's disgruntled state, what strategy can I use to best maximize Fury? Does it only come down to each left mouse click? Do I get more for hitting monsters in groups? Does taking damage increase my rage? Should I pattern my use of primary and secondary attacks (P+P+S, P+P+P+S, etc). What is the best strategy? Floating monster health bars can be turned on using the "V" key (provided you don't change that hotkey). I hit it all the time by accident, but I like it on. Finally, dual wielding axes is major style points, imo looks much nicer than axe/shield ;) Note, both the archon and WoTB builds are likely to change in the future as Blizzard has repeatedly said that they want to address the issue of perma archon and perma wotb. Respawn at your corpse Respawn at the last checkpoint Respawn in town It may be possible to purchase items from the merchants and giving it to him to sell, but this will be at a massive loss rate. As of the latest patch (2.1) you can no longer do the following as everyone needs to contribute a key to enter the rift: You can't trade gold. It is no longer possible to transfer gold between accounts in any way or form. I disagree with the premise that SS will become useless as a glass cannon DH, starting out the fight strong is always important. If you can take things out within seconds, there's less chance of something getting close enough to kill you. This all comes down to how much gold you have. If you can afford it, barbs farm the fastest, but their gear is the most expensive. Monks are relatively cheap to gear due to one with everything, and decent int wizard gear is the cheapest to find. The smart barb will use the mace in the MH because, like you said, that's the hand that determines the weapon damage for tornadoes. Drury Brown - a unique Ghostly Murderer - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1 Since it is essential to maintain my Barbarian's disgruntled state, what strategy can I use to best maximize Fury? Does it only come down to each left mouse click? Do I get more for hitting monsters in groups? Does taking damage increase my rage? Should I pattern my use of primary and secondary attacks (P+P+S, P+P+P+S, etc). What is the best strategy? Floating monster health bars can be turned on using the "V" key (provided you don't change that hotkey). I hit it all the time by accident, but I like it on. So, I'll leave my original answer below with the grain of salt that there does not seem to be a solid reference. It is a widely distributed version of history at this point that Blizzard neither confirms nor denies, to my knowledge. Original Answer (with just a few edits where new details are known) Note that I've modified the bold values based on Rapida's suggestion. I found another thread which confirms that the actual values are15% per stack, up to 75% total. The downside to this ability is, every time you modify any of your skills, all of your charges fall off. The Archivist - Unique Grim Wraith - The Unknown Depths - Act II There is a pretty good guide over at d3db here. It includes a spawn point strategy for farming the Act I ghosts. The diablowiki also has a concise listing here. It is also confirmed in that same thread that the male Barbarian from Diablo III is not the same Barbarian from Diablo II, even though this is often speculated - since that was an original plan by Blizzard that was scrapped due to gender differences, and difficulty in plot integration. Here is a list. Bear in mind that not all waypoints are accessible all the time. Also massive spoilers. Purple ones (quest elite monsters) do not add a stack. The Tomekeeper - Unique Grim Wraith- Realm of Shadow - Act II Blizzard themselves have only released a limited amount of details on this feature, and they have given the caveat that it is subject to change. Lets assume you have 20% chance to crit base with 200% crit damage and 2 attacks per second. There is only a single enemy for you to hit. Is there a cooldown or do faster ticks/attacks proc the burn more times? Does it stack? There are some limitations for this rerolling: There is a new type of cursed chest, that doesn't cause a major 'cursed chest event' and are mostly encountered in Adventure Mode. Here is how you can think about sharpshooter: It may be possible to purchase items from the merchants and giving it to him to sell, but this will be at a massive loss rate. Note, both the archon and WoTB builds are likely to change in the future as Blizzard has repeatedly said that they want to address the issue of perma archon and perma wotb. As for why echoing fury is so popular, the hard .21-.25+attack speed is also added to the weapon in the other hand, which can drastically boost the damage of a slower weapon, such as a mace. This makes EFs the ideal offhand for a barbarian (they're also super popular for monks). Attack speed is also quite useful to hit barbarian tornado breakpoints, but that's another topic. It guarantees a critical hit within 33 seconds (less if you have higher base crit). It lasts for a short time after your first critical hit (so if you have lots of arrows in the air you can crit for a if they strike near simultaneously). This is why nether tentacles are so great. The breakpoint between whether or not to use it depends entirely on your crit chance, crit hit damage, and attack speed. Here's some sample math to break it down (intentionally kept simple so take this with a large grain of salt):