(14) Air Koryo did not respond adequately and timely to an enquiry by the civil aviation authority of France regarding the safety aspect of its operation showing a lack of transparency or communication, as demonstrated by the absence of reply to a request by that Member State. While poor social cohesion1 intuitively points to economic stagnation, I'm not sure if there's a strong correlation for the reverse. Europe is relatively free of obvious social conflicts, but at the same time its economic policies are currently under much scrutiny2. While the freedom to move exists, it's not unrestricted and the aforementioned articles are the legal basis for France's expulsion of the Bulgarian & Romanian Roma populations. The Directive also allows Member States to place additional restrictions, even within the first three months of residence: The withdrawal procedure from the EU is outlined in Article 50 of the Consolidated version of the Treaty on European Union: (a) A qualified majority shall be defined as at least 55 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. A blocking minority must include at least the minimum number of Council members representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating Member States, plus one member, failing which the qualified majority shall be deemed attained; (10) There is verified evidence of serious safety deficiencies on the part of Air Koryo. These deficiencies have been identified by France and Germany, during ramp inspections performed under the SAFA programme As a first step, I'm trying to understand if the EU's past efforts towards more social cohesion have proven to be significant in terms of long term economic growth. (17) Therefore, on the basis of the common criteria, it is assessed that Air Koryo does not meet the relevant safety standards. (12) For periods of residence of longer than three months, Member States should have the possibility to require Union citizens to register with the competent authorities in the place of residence, attested by a registration certificate issued to that effect. 1 Severe conflicts between ethnic or religious groups, for example. 2 Just in case, the European sovereign-debt crisis is what I'm talking about there. 3. As from 1 November 2014 and subject to the provisions laid down in the Protocol on transitional provisions, in cases where, under the Treaties, not all the members of the Council participate in voting, a qualified majority shall be defined as follows: However, there's really no way to guess how any of these 49 voters will vote. On top of that, I can't say categorically that all SYRIZA's MPs will oppose a left leaning candidate. The goverment has already approached Mikis Theodorakis (he denied), so the scenario of a candidate with ideological ties to SYRIZA isn't that far fetched. (22) The Treaty allows restrictions to be placed on the right of free movement and residence on grounds of public policy, public security or public health. In order to ensure a tighter definition of the circumstances and procedural safeguards subject to which Union citizens and their family members may be denied leave to enter or may be expelled, this Directive should replace Council Directive 64/221/EEC of 25 February 1964 on the coordination of special measures concerning the movement and residence of foreign nationals, which are justified on grounds of public policy, public security or public health. (12) Substantiated and serious incident-related information communicated by France indicates latent systemic safety deficiencies on the part of Air Koryo. 3. The Commission, or the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy where the agreement envisaged relates exclusively or principally to the common foreign and security policy, shall submit recommendations to the Council, which shall adopt a decision authorising the opening of negotiations and, depending on the subject of the agreement envisaged, nominating the Union negotiator or the head of the Union’s negotiating team. (11) Persistent failure by Air Koryo to address deficiencies previously communicated by France was identified during other ramp inspections performed under the SAFA programme. Any Member State may decide to withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements. A Member State which decides to withdraw shall notify the European Council of its intention. In the light of the guidelines provided by the European Council, the Union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that State, setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal, taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the Union. That agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with Article 218(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. It shall be concluded on behalf of the Union by the Council, acting by a qualified majority, after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament. The Treaties shall cease to apply to the State in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or, failing that, two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2, unless the European Council, in agreement with the Member State concerned, unanimously decides to extend this period. For the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3, the member of the European Council or of the Council representing the withdrawing Member State shall not participate in the discussions of the European Council or Council or in decisions concerning it. A qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with Article 238(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. If a State which has withdrawn from the Union asks to rejoin, its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in Article 49. The two referenced articles of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union are: The EU has a long track record of pushing for more social cohesion and the debate on a new round of cohesion policies is ongoing. Hopefully it will result in a cohesive set of guidelines for the 2014 - 2020 period. I'm afraid the debate is too academic for me to follow, at least not all of it.