In 11 speed: The Ultegra RD-6800-SS and 105 RD-5800 SS both have a 28t max. Thus, Shimano doesn't recommend you run a 30t with a short cage. The RD-6800-GS and RD-5800-GS both have a max of 32t. To measure the reach needed, take the wheel (ideally, without a tire), and remove the existing brake. Then, use a ruler to measure from the center of the brake hole to the center of where the brake should hit the outside of the rim. If this is 45 mm, pick a brake such that the reach range contains 45 mm (e.g. a 40-50 mm reach brake). You may need better choices of sprockets, but certainly, with a 2 x 7 setup, you have enough choices that it should be fine (for example, if you were touring, a 11 cog in the rear would be useless - you'd want a range of larger cogs so you could move the stuff you're lugging around). A 24 speed would need a 3 x 8 setup which means new crankset, new front derailleur, possibly new bottom bracket, new cassette and new shifters (these are the real killer if you want brifters; bar ends or downtube or friction shifters somewhere are cheaper) assuming you could get the chainline and what not right (the RD will be fine if you stay shimano). At this point, with a cheap bike like the Mirage S (400 dollars), you're better off just replacing the whole bike, since parts and labor will cost more than the bike is worth/costs (you will also need some tools you might not have, like a crank puller and cassette tool and cable cutters and what not). If you compare the middle ring with the two outer ones, it looks fairly worn (shark fin pattern). Is it bad enough to need replacing? If I just change the chain and rear cassette will I be entering a world of pain? Here is a closeup of my triple: UPDATE: Thanks for the advice so far. I have a new cassette and chain standing by but would need to order a new middle ring since it's a bit exotic (one LBS didn't know Shimano still made Ultegra triples). I know that there's a lot of km's on these rings (mostly on the middle one) and I'm also familiar with the "if it still skips, try changing it" philosophy, but I was hoping for a more objective answer. Something about the wear pattern or what to look for if I put a new chain on? All three rings are Shimano Ultegra and have never been changed. They probably have at least 12000+ km on them. I've been pretty good about changing the chain regularly although at this point I'm pretty sure that the rear cassette is in need of changing. Note that Dura Ace pre-1997 used different cable pulls than the rest of the Shimano line, so you can't just bolt the Dura Ace shifters to the existing drivetrain. Note that also there may be several RD's under the same group under the same year or # of speeds (e.g. in the Sora case), so you need to look up the particular RD you want to use. In 11 speed: The Ultegra RD-6800-SS and 105 RD-5800 SS both have a 28t max. Thus, Shimano doesn't recommend you run a 30t with a short cage. The RD-6800-GS and RD-5800-GS both have a max of 32t. More sprockets is not necessarily going to make you go faster/easier - changing gear appropriately and becoming more physically fit will (along with better selected sprockets sizes - we went ages before the Gillette razor-blade increase in rear sprockets...). Most of the more sprocket drive trains are driven by hype. Reach is the distance between the center of the brake bolt and the middle of the brake shoe. Generally, brakes are sold with a range of reach (usually written on the brake; this is because you have some adjustment with the pads), like 40 mm - 50 mm or whatever and are termed as short, normal, long and extra long reach (but the actual reach lengths vary based on the manufacturer and time period of manufacturing, so you need to look at the range of reach for the particular brake you're using; for example, a long reach brake today may have been a normal reach brake in the 1960s). People also use drop bolts to use shorter reach brakes when longer reach brakes are required. Also, if you're using a 47 cm frame and it has 700c wheels, you can also get a reduction in gearing (and height) by switching to 650b wheels (easy if you have disc brakes; bit more work if you have rim brakes, but might be possible). My personal view is people below 5'5" ish shouldn't be riding 700c wheels. It is possible -- you can either find a 36 spoke internal gear hub (since you have a 36 hole rim) and have the wheel re-built with the new hub and bodge on the cables for the IGH shifting. Alternatively, there are automatic shifting hubs (e.g. the SRAM Automatix) which will also have a coaster brake and no shift cables. That being said, its probably going to be cheaper to get a new rear wheel than have someone building the wheel up with a new hub. 11-32 does make a substantial difference; remember its the ratio of the front gear to the rear gear that matters. Your lowest gear will be 12.5% lower. Also, you'll get a wider (and likely more useful) spacing in gearing between changes. Use a Wolf Tooth RoadLink to mount the derailleur lower and use a bigger cassette Use a slightly smaller front chainring (46t or 48t) Do a cage swap from a long cage mountain derailleur Move to SRAM shifters and derailleurs or a lower speed Shimano group (10 speed?) Use a JTek Shiftmate 8 (or 8A, preferrably) and a Shimano 11 speed mountain derailleur and a bigger cassette Use bar end shifters and a different derailleur Just try SRAM's 11-36 road cassette and see if it works by adjusting the derailleur (linked article claims putting the B-screw down 2/3rds of the way makes it work fine on an Ultegra). I'd probably start with option (7) and failing that, opt for option (1) or (5). Other Shiftmate configurations are possible with different cassettes (e.g. 11->10 speed and then handling derailleurs+cassettes appropriately).