Donald Trump has issued an executive order to formally withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 

From my understanding, a recount is "a repeat tabulation of votes cast" (from Wikipedia) and the purpose of requesting this recount is to ascertain those votes cast using electronic voting machines. 

So, if the Senate is controlled by the opposition party to the presidency, what would happen if they continuously reject all presidential nominees. 

The Court requires at least 6 associate justices to constitute a a quorum to conduct business according to 28 USC § 1. 

Also, the Deputy Managing Editor of the NYT Clifford Levy acknowledged that in a tweet: 

Also, how many presidential memoranda did former President Obama signed? (He signed 277 executive orders, according to CNN.) 

This article by The Washington Post details the cost of his trips which would be useful if you want to get a sense on how the money is spent: 

As for prosecution, no one has been prosecuted under this act. 

This seems to be a trend that all acting Attorney Generals of the incoming Presidents are of the party of the outgoing president whenever there is a party change for the Presidency. 

Snowden can actually be pardoned, Obama may have meant that he "won't" pardon Snowden rather than "can't" pardon. So, the pardon means that he won't be charged for all offences he may have committed. 

Article by Politico: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/evan-mcmullin-running-mate-227803 

Greece has a higher debt-to-GDP ratio than the United States. Greece's debt-to-GDP ratio is 182% which is the highest in Europe and 2nd highest in the world. In comparison, the US's higher debt-to-GDP ratio is 126%, according to OECD data. 

But an OGE spokesman suggested the White House has been slow to send them nominees’ financial information. “OGE can't review reports until we receive them,” a spokesman said. “Once we have received them, OGE has been moving these reports faster than we did in the 2009 transition.” 

The Twenty-fifth Amendment states that "In case of the removal of the President", the Vice-President would succeed him/her. 

As seen from The Washington Post graphic that you cited, most of the nominees are only referred to the respective Senate committee in May, which is just a month ago. 

For example, Independent Candidate Evan McMullin placed "Nathan Johnson" from California as his placeholder running mate mistakenly. However, some states already have the ballot papers printed, thus the name he used as a placeholder will appear on the ballots. 

An example is Gerald Ford pardoning Richard Nixon after Nixon resigned. The pardon absolved the former president of "all offenses against the United States which he … has committed or may have committed or taken part in" between the date of his inauguration in 1969 and his resignation in August 1974. 

For the Obama administration, the status of 5 out of the 12 vetoes is disputed as Obama considered them to be pocket vetoes. However, as he returned the parchments to Congress, the Senate considers them as regular vetoes. 

Is there any particular reason why polling was so off? 

Would a presidential candidate be able to change his/her running mate after ballot papers have been printed? 

Recently, Donald Trump replaced acting Attorney General Sally Yates with Dana Boente "after she questioned the legality of his immigration ban". 

Elaboration on pocket vetoes Pocket veto are not very prevalent in recent years. The most recent pocket veto was under the Clinton administration. 

Note: The Twenty-fifth Amendment supersedes the wording of Article II, Section 1, Clause 6 of the Constitution as it does not explicitly state whether the Vice-President becomes an Acting President or would succeed the President.