It mentions two thing joined by conjunction 'and': This, however, does not explicitly endorse the existence of aliens there. We can only argue like this: Since the most distinguishing feature of earth is life, other earths may have some form of life too. 

Islahi writes in his exegesis of Surah Jathiyah (see page 7): I believe this is a metaphorical use of the word. 

witchcraft i.e. magic that which was sent down to Harut and Marut Grammatically speaking, the two things being joined by coordinating conjunction 'and' should have some difference. This rule is usually phrased by Arabic grammarians as: 

Some scholars understand from the following verse that there exist seven earths as well: 

The referenced article further mentions: 

One of authorities is the dictionary ‘Lisān al-‘Arab’ which explains: 

Other similar translations are: 

In short, the surah has been revealed thus to preserve the direction of discourse. 

"The Qur’an is a bearer of warning and glad tidings for this Day [of Judgement]. It says that the manner in which people wake up from sleep,...,in the same manner mankind will be made to rise one day from their graves." For detailed article see Belief in the Hereafter Yes, what they taught was not magic. It is evident from the words of the verse you quoted: Ishaq Kindy was an Arab philosopher at the time of Imam Askari --peace be upon him, he wrote a book under the title of Paradoxes in Quran. Once one of his students came to Imam Askari --peace be upon him-- and Imam complained why there is no one among the students of Ishaq kindy who would answer back his tutor's propositions. The student answered "because he is our tutor and we cannot oppose his statements". Imam asked then if they can induce a meaning instead to their tutor? The student answered "yes"! So Imam taught the student to first get close to his tutor by being kind and respectful, then in a good opportunity to ask him a question, that if it is possible that someone says something and the hearer understand something else? Imam told the student that his tutor will answer: "yes it is possible", then he can further continue asking about Quran if it is possible that God has intended meanings different than those the tutor has understood? And that as Ishaq was a smart man he would get the point. This was done and Ishaq understood his fault and finally he burned his book in fire. See here for references. To Him is due the primal origin of the heavens and the earth: When He decreeth a matter, He saith to it: "Be," and it is. Qur'an 2:117 

According to this verse everyone who prays anyone beside Allah, the only God, would be forbidden to enter Mecca and, thus, live there as well. If there is no one in Mecca but Muslims (a true unitarian) then there is to be no church and temple as well! But again note that Mecca is just one exception. I know many Christian and Jews may criticize me for not considering them as true unitarians, but the very concept of trinity, that Allah has child (like Uzeir that Jews believe in and Jesus that Christian believe in) or the God has parents (like Christian believe about Jesus) puts them out from the circle of true unitarians, and this has some evidences that they do not believe in God as they should, e.g. the Jews approved Moses but rejected another prophet of Allah, Jesus, and the Christians approved Jesus but rejected another prophet of Allah, Muhammad, may Allah bless them all: Other similar translations are: 

"The Qur’an is a bearer of warning and glad tidings for this Day [of Judgement]. It says that the manner in which people wake up from sleep,...,in the same manner mankind will be made to rise one day from their graves." For detailed article see Belief in the Hereafter 

This, however, does not explicitly endorse the existence of aliens there. We can only argue like this: Since the most distinguishing feature of earth is life, other earths may have some form of life too. 

The harmony between the day and night is proof of God's oneness and To wake up after being asleep contains in it an indication of the Day of Resurrection But only those understand these signs and evidences who pay heed to the Prophet and the Qur'an. Thus, One of authorities is the dictionary ‘Lisān al-‘Arab’ which explains: 

Yes, what they taught was not magic. It is evident from the words of the verse you quoted: Reference: The Actual Site of Baca/Bakkah 

The referenced article further mentions: Muslims remember their Lord at every moment of the day, from waking up to eating to working to sleeping. This by itself is no evidence of fanaticism or extremism. As for launching missiles or suicide bombing, other answers will provide evidence of why these actions are prohibited in Islam. First off, no serious Muslim claims that Allah told them personally to do something specific. Muslims believe that revelation ended with the Qur'an and with the Prophet Muhammad (saws). Allah's message for humanity is contained in the Qur'an. This message has zero tolerance for the killing of innocent human beings and terrorism in general. There is no religious justification for what happened that day. 

(emphasis mine) The word used in the Arabic here is, again, al-kitab. So to answer your question, the "book" refers to scripture that has been divinely revealed by God to His Prophets (may peace be upon them all). The books that we know of (aside from the Qur'an) are the Torah, Zabur, and Injil - roughly corresponding to the Torah, the Psalms of David, and the Gospel.