What you are referring to are prosodic word boundaries. Prosody deals with the relative prominence of linguistic units, but it also deals with the delineation of those units at different levels. Prosody can be encoded in the "ups and downs" of speech melody, but it also manifests itself in terms of duration (of speech units and of pauses) and intensity, among other things. All of these acoustic properties can be used by a speaker to cue prosodic boundaries, including word boundaries. Often-cited references for the prosodic hierarchy include those by Selkirk, Pierrehumbert and Beckman, and Hayes. I'm not sure how technical you want to get, but if you search for "prosodic hierarchy" online, you'll find links to online course materials that are relevant for your question. To discuss the transcriptions in terms of a concrete example, some speakers pronounce dew as if they are pronouncing the word yew with a [d] sound before it. That pronunciation would be transcribed as [djuː ]. Some speakers of the dialect (or dialect group) to which you are referring pronounce it like the word juice without the [s] sound at the end of it, i.e. it is indistinguishable from the word Jew. We can consider these pronunciations to be at opposite ends of a sort of spectrum, where the first pronunciation comprises a [d]-[j] sequence and the second one comprises a single sound (considered a coalescence of two separate phonemes /d/ and /j/). Yet other speakers might pronounce it somewhere in the middle, which would be transcribed with one of the other variants mentioned above. (I myself do none of the above; I pronounce it just like the word do, which some would analyze as yod dropping.) All Segments (Latin, Arabic dialects, Aklan, Koya, Imdlawn Tashlhiyt Berber) 

I think you need to tease apart the concept of allophony from the concept of complementary distribution. As people have mentioned in the comments, the two don't necessarily go hand in hand--i.e. it is not necessarily the case that two phones that are in complementary distribution can be assumed to be allophones of the same phoneme (as Alex B. mentioned), nor is it the case that the distribution of two phones--each of which is a possible realization of a single phoneme--will never overlap in their distribution. It's the second assertion that is relevant for your Brazilian Portuguese example. If we're comparing the phonological systems of two arbitrary languages, we might as well ask: Why does Zulu make use of clicks while French doesn't? Why does Cantonese distinguish six tones while Mandarin only distinguishes four (or five)? The human articulators are clearly capable of creating speech sounds with an ingressive airstream and the human ear is able to distinguish six distinct tunes, so why don't all human languages exploit these capabilities? 

I think @Aaron is on the right track in pointing you to the Wikipedia article on yod dropping and yod coalescence. However, some clarifications are in order.