Note: During times of siege, livestock were often sheltered within the castle grounds, and slaughtered as needed for food. This was not exactly a sustainable source of food, however, nor could it feed an entire garrison for any length of time. 

The quarantine's effectiveness was further enhanced by Poland's relative isolation. While heavily hit regions such as the Mediterranean coast were densely interlinked with trade, the same was generally not true of Poland. When the Black Death arrived, this isolation helped insulate the Poles from the plague. Note that all of this were Latin, at the time the lingua franca of Western Europe including England. The relative abundance of information on Classical mythology were likewise transmitted from mainly Romans via Latin poetry. Whatever knowledge of Greek traditions existed was, therefore, filtered through a Roman viewpoint. 

The reason for the uncertainty and confusion is that this is assuredly not where they were originally buried. All agree that the Cosmati tomb-altar-chest is not even in its original position. It was probably originally in the Confessor's Chapel, which was running out of room by the late 14th century. To cope with the lack of space for new tombs, many old ones were removed, in a haphazard process that largely went unrecorded. The result is a hazy picture of where the royal children ended up, due to fragmentary and contradictory records. 

Williams, Alan. "The Metallurgy of Medieval European Armour." Proceedings of the Forum of the 4th International Conference on the Beginning of the Use of Metals and Alloys. Shimane, Japan, 1996. Medieval shoes in general were typically made of leather, and for the simplest designs it was little more than a piece of leather strapped on to the ankle with drawstrings or some similar mechanism. Of course, these were still transmitted in Latin. So if any text on Greek mythology reached 13th century England in this way, literacy in Latin would still be required to understand it first hand. That new kingdoms had to be created by Imperial or Papal authority was a very well established legal doctrine. A contemporary example of similar circumstances would be the Crusader kingdom of Cyprus, created by Emperor Frederick II. 

The question is a bit confusing. The way I read it, you're asking why something expensive has enough demand to sustain a profitable trade ("How did the high price of spices allow such high demand?"). Round shields did not actually "fall out of use" until the Renaissance, and they also continued to be held in a central grip. It was the weight of kite shields which necessitated strapping them to the users, rather than inherent potential tactical advantages per se. Later manuals indicate that the smaller, and lighter round bucklers were extended in a fist far out from the body, so as to be ready to block any incoming blows with little movement. Strapping them to the forearm would've considerably limited this. 1. O'Connor, Terence Patrick. Bones from Anglo-Scandinavian Levels at 16-22 Coppergate. Council for British Archaeology, London 1989. "[For] a very lean conformation, an average liveweight in the region of 220kg would seem likely. For a heavier conformation, this average could perhaps be raised to around 270kg." 2. Crabtree, Pam J. "West Stow, Suffolk: Early Anglo-Saxon Animal Husbandry". East Anglian Archaeology Report 47. Suffolk County Council, 1989.. "Based on the measurements of the trochlear breadth of the humerus, it is estimated that the average West Stow cattle would have had an average live weight of only about 150-170 kg, and a fat-free carcass weight of about 100 kg. 3. Kershaw, Ian. Bolton Priory: the Economy of a Northern Monastery, 1286-1325. Oxford University Press, 1973. "[T]he average carcass weight [was] about 430 lb. for oxen urhcased for victualling the navy in 1547." 4. Clark, Gregory. "Labour productivity in English agriculture, 1300-1860." Campbell, Bruce MS, and Mark Overton, eds. Land, Labour, and Livestock: Historical Studies in European Agricultural Productivity. Manchester University Press, 1991."[N]ote that cattle in this period were about 80 per cent the hiegh tof cattle in the late eighteenth century, which would impaly that they were about 49 per cent of thre weight." 5. Bailey, Mark. A Marginal Economy?: East Anglian Breckland in the Later Middle Ages. Cambridge University Press, 1989. "Breckland's poor pastures were not conducive to producing heavy, thick fleeces, and its sheep were of the shortwool variety whose fleeces were lightweight and low in quality. This was true of East Anglia in general, but it would appear that Breckland fleeces were poor even by these standards." 

A feature of medieval household sizes in Western Europe was that well-off families were larger than poorer families. This trend is illustrated in the above graph, where average household sizes nearly doubled as the amount of arable land in the estates they lived on went from lowest the highest. To some degree this would have been due to the need for additional manpower on larger estates, but it is also a reflection of wealthier families' ability to support more offspring through infancy and childhood. This contrasts with modern families, where the more well off tended to have less children.