More than 60 years before, Frege alredy criticized this view; see Gottlob Frege, Basic Laws of Arithmetic (1893), new english translation by Philip Ebert & Marcus Rossberg, Oxford UP 2013, page xiii : One of the sources of the difficulty in saying what numbers are is that there is nothing to which we can point in the world around us when we are looking for a definition of number. The number seven, for instance, is not any particular collection of seven objects, since if it were, then no other collection could be said to have seven members; for if we identify the property of being seven with the property of being a particular collection, then being seven is a property which no other collection can have. A more reasonable attempt at defining the number seven would be to say that the property of being seven is the property which all collections of seven objects have in common. The difficulty about this definition, however, is to say just what it is that all collections of seven objects really do have in common (even if we pretend that we can ever become acquainted with all collections of seven objects). Certainly the number of a collection is not a property of it in the sense that the colour of a door is a property of the door, for we can change the colour of a door but we cannot change the number of a collection without changing the collection itself. It makes perfectly good sense to say that a door which was formerly red, and is now green, is the same door, but it is nonsense to say of some collection of seven beads that it is the same collection as a collection of eight beads. If the number of a collection is a property of a collection then it is a defining property of the collection, an essential characteristic. By "argument" we mean, roughly, a chain of reasoning in support of a certain conclusion. So we must distinguish arguments from mere disagreements and disputes. The children who shout at each other "You did", "I didn't", [...] are certainly disagreeing: but they are not arguing in our sense, i.e. they are not yet giving any reasons in support of one claim or the other. From a "conceptual" point of view, the empty set is quite simple . Each of the “things supposed” is a premise (protasis) of the argument, and what “results of necessity” is the conclusion (sumperasma). An example of a famous and philosophically influential British Idealists prior to Russell and Moore is Francis Herbert Bradley. The word "argument" is our modern translation for logos : speech; thus, it is something "complex", involving a "chain" of statements. But the philosophical issues related to Logical Truth are many and interesting. At most, axioms and rules for first-order logic (with equality) may define the concept of "logical truth", assuming the standard semantics and equating validity with logical truth. See also: Steven Nadler (editor), Spinoza and Medieval Jewish Philosophy, Cambridge UP (2015), page 4: A possible reference to check (but I've not read it) is Alain Badiou's ontology. In other words, I think that the natural point of view of the mathematicians regarding the language of mathematical theories is that it must have "reference". But from the "machinery" of arithmetic (addition, multiplication, etc.) the "limiting case" of the number that "count no things at all" is uncontroversial (and very uselful indeed). The game of chess, as has often been observed, affords an excellent parallel with mathematics (or, for that matter, with language itself). To the numerals correspond the chess pieces, and to the operations of arithmetic, the moves of the game. Here at last we find the answer to the problem of the nature of numbers. We see, first, that for an understanding of the meaning of numbers we must look to the 'game' which numbers play, that is to arithmetic. The numbers, one, two, three, and so on, are characters in the game of arithmetic, the pieces which play these characters are the numerals and what makes a sign the numeral of a particular number is the part which it plays, or as we may say in a form of words more suitable to the context, what constitute a sign the sign of a particular number are the transformation rules of the sign. It follows, therefore, that the object of oue study is NOT NUMBER ITSELF BUT THE TRANSFORMATION RULES OF THE NUMBER SIGNS. Some mathematicians have attempted to escape the difficulty in defining numbers, by identifying numbers with numerals. The number one is identified with the numeral 1, the number two with the numeral 11, the number three with 111, and so on. But this attempt fails as soon as one perceives that the properties of numerals are not the properties of numbers. Numerals may be blue or red, printed or handwritten, lost and found, but it makes no sense to ascribe these properties to numbers, and, conversely, numbers may be even or odd, prime or composite but these are not properties of numerals. We can see Maimonides for some hint and: Joshua Parens, Maimonides and Spinoza: Their Conflicting Views of Human Nature, University of Chicago Press (2012) Finally, see: Steven Nadler, Spinoza's Heresy: Immortality and the Jewish Mind, Oxford UP (2001), for an account of Spinoza's view about the mind (page ix): The antithesis of "number" and "numeral" is one which is common in language, and perhaps its most familiar instance is to be found in the pair of terms "proposition" and "sentence". The sentence is some physical representation of the proposition, but cannot be identified with the proposition since different sentences (in different languages, for instance) may express the same proposition. [see types and tokens] Of course we have some "issue" here : see quantum mechanics, but the scientific community devotes a lot of time and money searching some empirical support to the existence of (e.g.) Higgs' boson. This presuppose some sort of belief in the "reality" of Higss' boson.