Other etiquettes for joking: One is not allowed to make derogatory jokes about Islam or the Prophet (saws) or the Companions as Allah says in the Qur'an in Tawbah:65-66. One is not allowed to take someone's property as a joke, nor is one permitted to frighten or scare them in the course of a joke. And of course, general rules about backbiting, slander, mockery, etc. also apply here. 

One incident I remember is when the Prophet (saws) was with Ali ibn Abi Talib (ra) and they had a dozen dates. As they were about to finish, Ali (ra) saw some people approaching. He quickly moved the pile of 6 pits that he had to the Prophet (saws)'s pile and jocularly told the passersby that the Prophet (saws) had kept all the dates to himself and didn't share! The Prophet (saws) in good spirits said right back: Look at Ali, he eats the dates and he eats the pits as well! (because he didn't have any pits on his side). 

Fourthly, it is the hypocrisy of the application and non-application of free speech by Western governments that totally delegitimizes it in the eyes of many people and makes them feel it is fungible and open to influence. When the Ground Zero mosque controversy happened 2 summers ago, many many mainstream commentators had the following line of argument: "Well, sure it's their right to build it I guess, but they should be sensitive to the feelings of those who will be offended by this." And you know what? I actually sympathize with that sentiment. Free speech is meant to facilitate democracy and social harmony, not merely to hurl insults (not that building a mosque is hurling insults at anyone). 

First, I don't know of any serious community leader "demanding" this privilege in the West. By and large this is something Western Muslims take in their stride as a necessary consequence of living here. In fact all the scholars that I know in the West counsel patience and information, not demands for privilege. 

The Prophet (saws) is known to have said: I always say the truth even when I am joking (hadith in Shama'il Tirmidhi). So the general rule is to not lie when you're trying to be funny. The Prophet (saws) said woe to the one who lies in the course of making people laugh. There are many instances in the hadith literature about the Prophet (saws) using humor with his Companions (raa). He (saws) encouraged people to joke with their spouses. 

Secondly, you frame your question about Muslims in the West and then disingenuously include the actions of Muslims in the East. Decide what it is you want to ask about. Also Muslims are not a monolith and anyone who generalizes to say "Muslims do X" when the only evidence supporting that statement is the action of some Muslims in some place needs a lesson in sociology. 

And finally, the scholars have said that excessive joking (just like going to excess in any matter in life) can harden the heart. The Prophet (saws) said “Do not laugh too much, for laughing too much deadens the heart.” (Saheeh al-Jaami’, 7312). DO it respectfully, let it relax you, but don't let it distract from the akhirah. 

Fifthly, why should Muslims consider themselves "guests" in this country? There are millions of Muslims who are as American as the next person. It is their country too. Maybe you feel like you have to tiptoe around, but many Muslims don't. As for the "if you don't like it, go home" trope, that's just insulting. 

So the scholars use this incident for one exception: if everyone knows what you're saying can't be true, it's OK to joke about it. If someone says for example - I was on Mars last night and something happened and proceeds to make a joke about it, everyone there knows it's not true. 

Thirdly, it is juvenile to reduce this to an overly simple "Someone offended Islam, Muslims get enraged" scenario. That is ignoring a lot of complexity, the most serious component of which is the power dynamic. If some random person insults me or something dear to me, I wouldn't really care. But in the context of an unequal power relationship, where the other person has been treating me like crap for the past decade and longer and I wasn't in a position to be able to do anything about it, the perceived insult becomes much more potent. So it's really not just about being "unable to understand" the concept of free speech. It's about a lot of pent-up feelings of resentment and frustration at international meddling in domestic affairs and bombings and occupation and so forth that adds context to this whole mess. Why is it more socially unacceptable to insult a black person's skin color than a white person's? It's the history.