If you want a particular user to see it, try and find their contact details in their profile (if they make any available). It also makes it entirely reasonable now for people to strategically downvote other answers even more so because they no longer have the "safety net" of being the first one keeping them above other answers with the same score. So expect to see a lot more lists of answers that are (0, -1, -1, -1). or even (-3, -3, -3, -3). Edit: After looking over your recently posted example, I think one reason why you may not be getting the number of answers (or quality of answers) you like has a lot to do with a perceived hostility in you responses to them. There was a sarcastic answer, but it raised a legitimate point and he even clarified it in another response after that. It seemed to me as someone looking on after the fact that anytime someone posted an answer that didn't gel with your desired outcome, you attacked (whether you realized it or not). That is a good way to keep people from continuing to work with you towards a good answer, and it may actually scare off other people from even starting to answer your question. As such, it's now gone. I cleaned up some horrible tagging along the way, like adding appropriate debugging tags. Starting to clean up real. Most of the questions tagged facebook were about Facebook's Real Time Updates mechanism, now tagged real-time-updates. Most others that were tagged with time are now tagged real-time. computational is now also burninated. It was being used most frequently to refer to computational complexity, which is covered by complexity (and, irritatingly, computational-complexity, which I'll be fixing in a moment). The rest seem to be either talking about the data type or are talking about "real" physical or logical things, as opposed to ... uh ... fake? I'm cleaning up the physical things mentions, but I'm not sure what else can be done to make the data type more clear. There are still about 20 questions, mostly topical. I cleaned up recommend, it was being abused by about a dozen Facebook questions, most of which were about the Open Graph API or the Like button. I cleaned up half of computing. It turns out that someone synonimized cloud with cloud-computing, which is going to make it hurt for people that don't know to look for tag synonyms when picking tags. Sigh. Then you could put more ads in the gallery! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ It would be more accurate to say that StackExchange is an offshoot project based off of the success of the original StackOverflow Trilogy of websites. The best way to "contact" particular users is to make sure that you are writing your questions clearly and that you are using good titles and tagging. Many of the power users around the sites will be following their specialty tags, so if you reference those tags, it is likely to pick up their attention. If you want a particular user to see it, try and find their contact details in their profile (if they make any available). Seeing as how they are indeed forks to some degree, I think the correct answer would be "No" I do not see why we have to artificially reward someone for coming to the party late. If their answer is better, it should move up regardless of what time it was posted, and if it is a bad answer, it should move down regardless of what time it was posted. It also makes it entirely reasonable now for people to strategically downvote other answers even more so because they no longer have the "safety net" of being the first one keeping them above other answers with the same score. So expect to see a lot more lists of answers that are (0, -1, -1, -1). or even (-3, -3, -3, -3). I cleaned up recommend, it was being abused by about a dozen Facebook questions, most of which were about the Open Graph API or the Like button. Sigh. We don't need a tag for every single function in every single programming language. Most of the questions in print-r are "why does it look like that" and "how do I parse the output." A few were about using it to assist in debugging. As such, it's now gone. I cleaned up some horrible tagging along the way, like adding appropriate debugging tags. I've now completed removing computing. The rest seem to be either talking about the data type or are talking about "real" physical or logical things, as opposed to ... uh ... fake? I'm cleaning up the physical things mentions, but I'm not sure what else can be done to make the data type more clear. There are still about 20 questions, mostly topical. Anyway, cloud, parallel, distributed and grid + computing are now all shuffled into their own pre-existing hyphenated blah-computing tags. That took care of about half. The remainder seem to mostly be about "how do I compute X formula" or some variation thereof. I cleaned up half of computing. It turns out that someone synonimized cloud with cloud-computing, which is going to make it hurt for people that don't know to look for tag synonyms when picking tags. Sigh. computational is now also burninated. It was being used most frequently to refer to computational complexity, which is covered by complexity (and, irritatingly, computational-complexity, which I'll be fixing in a moment). While nuking, I discovered var-export and var-dump, which has around 46 questions. I've nuked var-export, as it only had 4 questions, but I've left var-dump alone when it wasn't paired with print-r. It should also be nuked, but that'll be a different discussion. Most of the questions are probably going to be about debugging (or, worse, parsing output... sigh).