If he is not bluffing, just simply believes he has the best hand with some ace and a bad kicker, let him stay in the lead and figure out how to get your whole stack. tipping him off at this point does not help your cause. If you make your move on the river when the pot is something much larger like 6-700 he is more likely to make a bad call, even though he is almost certain you have him beat, since the pot is offering so much overlay. 

Also going to add that this situation is very rare. I only recall seeing it once or twice. Some might think this is dealer error. It is never the dealers job to refuse to muck a hand a player is mucking. In low limit games the dealer may remind players to turn up their hands, in a higher limit game one should dummy up and deal. 

So what you have observed about the player is the biggest factor in figuring out what to do here. If the player has been tight and careful your going to lay this hand down. If the villain has been playing fast and creative your going to tend to call. If the player tends to push a lot when they make the nuts or very good hands you are going to tend to fold. 

Some might suggest shutting it down with the all in, may not be so bad, but if you have such a huge edge you do not want him to fold before he has all his money in and concedes at the show down. If you have some bankroll considerations, like your playing with the money for babies milk and new shoes, you might want to try taking the pot as is or minimize what you are getting in. 

How this ruling is actually going to go is dependent on many factors. The politics of the game is the main one. By that I mean how up in arms are the players about this? Who are the players that folded? How big is the game? How big is the pot? Who is making the complaint? The examples I could give are endless. With this you just go with what you think is right and hope it works. How good the decision is actually going to be just depends on your experience and how well you can sale it to the players. 

I could also imagine a night mare scenario where the game was an ultra large NLHE with a pot that was hundreds of thousands, the players involved well known names like say Doyle and Lyle, cutting up money from some whale that drops millions in the pit every year. In this case if I am the floor person, I am taking the decision to the poker shift manager. If I am the shift manager I would call the Card room manager. If I could not get a hold of a manager I might consult the pit manager or casino manager if possible before making a decision. 

Technically, the only showed hand at showdown was the villain's. You did not show your four cards and therefore the villain had the only hand that merits a claim to the pot at showdown. You mucked your hand without showing and when doing so you loose claim to the pot. I would rule your hand has no claim to the pot. Simple rule "table your cards face up" or you do not have a hand that has claim to the pot. 

What it really boils down to is the dynamics between you and the other player that will dictate rather or not you should call. 

The dealer made no mistake, as far as the dealer is concerned the hand is not considered unless you table it. IE the dealer should not be reading it or announcing what you have until your whole hand is tabled. Once a hand is tabled and read, it is a winning hand rather or not the dealer mucks it until someone tables a better hand. In this case you did not table a better hand. 

This is the option that might work best in the nightmare scenario. I could maybe sale this to Lyle, Doyle and the whale and keep my job. I think this is the one that upper management would try to work with them. It might keep everyone content since nobody really lost. 

There are downsides to shoving at this point, the biggest of course is that he has a full house, and you come up empty. The other is that he lays down a hand that you beat. Another is that he is bluffing and willing to keep bluffing. 

In the interest of fairness when there are no other strong factors like a player having been cut up this ruling works. 

The ruling was technically incorrect. I made the ruling I did because the pot was small, and it was not a big deal to rule this way in the best interest of the game. However I also announced to the table, that the rules say plainly that you must table your card to have a claim to the pot, and that if this happens again, the pot will stay in the middle and be awarded to the winner of the next hand. 

Basically if you believe that you have the player beat and that he will call I would shove, otherwise I would just let him donk off some more money. Since you have 84% chance of winning, the ideal is to get as much from him as possible. If you believe he has an ace or draw at this point, you just need to estimate the likelihood that he is going to call. 

I Made a ruling on this exact situation. The pot was small (1/2 NL, $5), there was an ace high straight on board, the ruling was that the pot was split.