Acquinas has a compelling position: 

Socrates does this by asking his interlocutor a series of questions (e.g., about different virtuous people) to draw out some intuition, and lead that intuition to more general statements until there is something prescriptive (e.g., whether Virtue can be taught). Acquinas in Summa Theologica does not lay out rules. Instead, he asks himself a series of questions about a single topic. From the answers to those questions, one can come away with a prescriptive answer. CS Lewis in Mere Christianity uses as the underpinning of all his logic that in figuring out how other humans work, we have as ourselves the first example. He then takes intuition about what we know about ourselves to extrapolate to other people. Those are just three examples, but I could keep going. It seems then that as a practical matter, the problem you pose of having a complicated ethical framework that doesn't pass some basic (by the author's own criteria) sanity check at the end of its construction is generally not an issue, as philosophers build ethical systems bit-by-bit, testing whether what they've said makes sense along the way, checking that the most basic issues are handled in the beginning. 

Then, it seems that there are situations where the death penalty is just, but once someone is captured those situations are rare. We shouldn't administer the death penalty for the sake of killing someone, instead we should first have a (just) goal for which the death penalty is the only option to achieve it. 

Kant himself was quite concerned that his formalization of the categorical imperative conform to the "common" moral sentiments of the golden rule. The result has been criticized by Hegel and others as an "empty formalism" difficult to apply in real cases. By appealing to "personhood" and the imaginative inversion of "you" and "others" the "unsophisticated" golden rule may actually capture a level of evolved, linguistic complexity missed by Kant. 

It remains the transcendental compass of applied moral rules felt intuitively and developed circumstantially. 

Personally, I find the distinction between "deontic" and "consequentialist" ethics to be most helpful in respect to Kant. In your example, you use what Kant calls a "hypothetical imperative." If you want X, then do Y. The action is guided by the anticipated consequences. 

On other hand, personal life may be negatively impacted by philosophy, and not only via a Socratic fate. Those beset with philosophical urges are famous for personal neglect. Both Thales and Adam Smith tumbled into ditches. Roland Barthes was hit and killed by a milk truck. The foppish Leibniz was praised for appearing so unlike a philosopher. Tellingly, a princess remarked of him: "It is so nice to meet a philosopher who laughs at jokes and doesn't smell bad."