Arch Supports: Parents should be aware of the degree of arch in their child's feet and buy shoes that match the arch to provide for comfort and support. Shoes with arch supports of easily molded material with good shock absorbing capacity are recommended. Shoes with high arch support do not help a child develop arches and may even contribute to weaker arches and flatter feet. 

FYI: Here is a link to an exhaustive investigative work on the source of the MMR-Autism vaccine scare. It is lengthy, but very enlightening! 

Why do children suck pacifiers? Answering that question helps unravel the weaning puzzle. Infants are born with a sucking reflex and sucking is a natural and effective calming strategy. They are born with a NEED to suck. As their motor, vision, and attending skills develop, healthy children should be encouraged to learn more age appropriate calming strategies. It is so important for our children to learn self-regulation of their emotions so they can calm themselves appropriately as they develop. 

This article emphasizes that the immunization does not cause the disease, but it does appear to cause it to manifest earlier. 

The strategies listed in this post are about motivating a child to keep trying. Being aware of the difficulty of the task of toothbrushing will help you understand his resistance and discover reinforcers that are worth his effort and discomfort and gain his cooperation. 

Add a powdered breakfast drink (such as Instant Breakfast®) to:milk, milkshakes, smoothies, or ice cream. 

Even if it does not change their teeth (OFTEN it does) it always changes their swallow pattern which OFTEN leads to muscle weakness, facial changes, and later speech problems. I see soooo many children with these problems. Here is a link to the International Association of Orofacial Myology that has a good overview of swallow development and possible complications/consequences. 

Shoes: Wearing sandals or slippers may help support development of arches. Shoes should be lightweight and flexible with the sole generally rectangular shaped.