While rare, Trump's win in the electoral college while failing to win a plurality of the popular vote was not unique. See 2000, 1888, and 1876 for other examples. Grover Cleveland won a plurality of the popular vote three elections in a row without winning a majority once. He also said similar things on The O’Reilly Factor, February 12, 2016. Absent action by the Senate in the remainder of Obama's term, Trump will control any ratification activity in his term. The Senate can't approve a ratification request unless he sends it. The treaty has no legal impact on the US unless it is ratified. The far bigger problem isn't deportations but jobs. People who were legally employable under DACA will lose their jobs when their work authorizations expire. Or their employment would be illegal. That starts happening involuntarily March 6th, 2018 without additional changes. But people in the program could be deported earlier than that. The protest was about a statue of Robert E. Lee being scheduled for removal. Lee was a Confederate general during the Civil War. He died decades before the Nazis came to be. While remembered as allying with racists during the Civil War, he was not a Nazi. He did not advocate genocide against Jews, blacks, or anyone. Some people who support him now may be Nazis. Yes, it's the first trip made by a US President from Saudi Arabia to Israel directly. George W. Bush made a similar trip in May 2008 as Donald Trump's but in the other way around. Also, if the Russians are successful this time, they would try to interfere in future elections in the West, such as the French presidential election this year. In this way, they would try to elect leaders who are "more friendly" towards them and develop stronger bilateral ties which would benefit them and put them on the world stage. (excerpts from this article by Bustle, emphasis mine) This has happened before, most recently Congress voted to override Obama's veto on a bill that would allow the families of those killed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to sue Saudi Arabia for any role in the plot. It’s a serious threat. Putin seeks to weaken the US, the EU, and NATO to the degree that they can no longer presume to call the shots without his agreement in international affairs. Since western governments are not ordinarily prepared for such stout challenges to their democracies, they are vulnerable to the weapons of doubt he is employing, mainly creating the impression that there are no indisputable facts, that anything could be true, and that everything is either already compromised, or could be. Since trust is the bedrock of democracy, this threatens social stability across the West. 2. Exit the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) Article 28 also states: Any such withdrawal shall take effect upon expiry of one year from the date of receipt by the Depositary of the notification of withdrawal, or on such later date as may be specified in the notification of withdrawal. RNC's joint fundraising committees This $10 million's "calculated from an October 2016 Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimate of presidential travel costs to Florida" according to an article by Vox. So, since Presidents can veto laws passed by Congress, Trump can still veto the law and it would require 2/3 majority in Congress to override the veto. Doesn't big business often give more to Republicans than Democrats, It isn't necessarily true. Wall Street favours Democrats to Republicans. Also, Trump rhetoric has turned off some past donors to the Republicans. Republicans themselves are not particularly happy with their nominee. With all these reasons, Republicans are lagging behind Democrats in fundraising. For example, if John tells someone that he doesn't support Trump compared to Tom hacking a presidential candidate's emails and releasing potentially confidential and private emails that would reveal discussions within the campaign. This would give the public information that they aren't supposed to know. The full text of the executive order can be found here. Taxing remittances of illegal immigrants will not raise enough funds for a huge new border wall. However, the US can effectively ignore the agreement until its official exit as there are no consequences should a country not comply with it. Credits to @user4012 for pointing out Dole's 1996 presidential campaign. This question is primarily opinion-based to some extent so I've tried to quote as many sources as possible. Any feedback is welcomed in comments. Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton? There are a few reasons to this: One such example is that the DNC had favored Hillary over Bernie to be the Democratic Presidential Nominee. If the emails aren't released, the public wouldn't know that. Similarly, if someone hacked Trump's tax returns and released them, it would also be illegal. That is Bob Dole, the Republican Senate Leader from 1981 to 1996. Also, how many presidential memoranda did former President Obama signed? (He signed 277 executive orders, according to CNN.) Article I, Section 7 of the US Constitution states that all legislative powers are vested in Congress. Recent history, for instance, saw the Supreme Court block Obama's executive order to delay deportations of certain undocumented immigrants. Reaching further back, the Supreme Court actually struck down President Lincoln's suspension of habeas corpus, an executive order the president issued during the Civil War. His government ignored the Supreme Court sanction. If so, it doesn't seem to be working. It actually depends. If you define "working" as leading in the polls, then there are other factors to take into account. His policies, his rhetoric, etc. also contributes to the success of the campaign. Many factors contributes to the measure of a campaign.