As far as Stack Exchange is concerned, no problem. For Guru.com, you'll have to ask them. Illegal, probably not. Stack Exchange didn't invent the Q&A concept and a lot of its aspects were inspired from other sites, Reddit, Digg, etc. That said, the UI is moronically identical1. We had a very similar situation on Programmers recently. Our troll would post borderline on topic questions, would respond to comments and then suddenly, without provocation or any other obvious reason, would post a terribly offensive comment. When the account was destroyed / suspended / automatically question banned, he'd return with a new one and do exactly the same. 

That last edit is off topic for Meta Stack Overflow, if you have issues with the closing of the question you should raise them on Meta Programmers. I really don't appreciate the fact that you call out three users that have little chance of seeing your question and respond to it. And I won't spent my time in something I don't enjoy, you seem to think that I am somehow obliged to help you regardless of your behaviour, but I'm not. And neither is anyone else, moderator or regular user. Yet, quite a few of us spend a considerable amount of time trying to calmly explain why the question was closed and you still refuse to even consider the fact that it didn't belong on either site. Somehow everyone else is wrong, but you. Oh, well... In any case, closure is a temporary state, and someone who advertising themselves as having been around for three years should know that. As you should have known that since your original question was closed on Stack Overflow, there was probably no better Stack Exchange site for it. Why didn't you flag it and asked for it to be moved to Programmers, instead of cross posting? I also pointed out that Personal Productivity was probably a better place for your question, but advised you to read their FAQ and search for similar questions before posting. I've also told you that I didn't migrate exactly because they have quite a few similar questions already. Another reason I didn't migrate was that I personally found it quite difficult to parse your question and find the core question hidden behind all the backstory, and, well, the golden rule of migrations is "don't migrate crap". 

Furthermore, until you get your license approved by the Open Source Initiative, please avoid calling it open source, or even partially open source. Nothing personal, but I have better things to do with my time.