In fact I would investigate the opposite cause-effect relation: maybe capturing large numbers of Jews in the East later indirectly provided argument for the complete extermination, as opposed for example to alternative variants of internment/enslavement/expulsion? 

The government has laws regulating conscription; people who evade conscription face a prison penalty (or in extreme cases a death penalty). Thus normal people with families and their place in the society, have no choice but to serve their time in the military, even if they don't support the contemporary government stance or don't support the war. Those are the normal people that if ordered to shoot at the "enemy", always overshoot and don't kill anyone. This sensible behavior was estimated in later time and different country to occur with 70%-90% of infantry soldiers. 

If the rebels could gather 50% as much as government, it indicates to me that the rebel cause was exceptionally popular. 

UPDATE: By the way it came to my mind to check the numbers. True Wehrmacht could expect some 150.000 Jewish civilians there, but would they worry about them? I think they were much more worried about some 500.000 Soviet troops, armed and dangerous, which they have just being encircling when closing two pincers in Minsk. While Indian traditions have certainly influenced Gandhi very much, one mustn't neglect the large influence that Western (broadly construed) thought had on him. For instance, he was very influenced by Tolstoy. 

The regional elites now sensed weakness on behalf of the central government and saw an opportunity to assert themselves. Thus during 1990 many republics of the USSR either seceded or asserted their "sovereignty", finding themselves at loggerheads with the central authorities. Which laws were now to take precedence? The federal or the republican ones? 

I am quoting the review of a new book that compares Gandhi to the Stoics: EDIT: Regarding Rohrbach. I came across his name in an article where it was said that: However, the source cited in wikipedia does not provide any details of the public outrage. I would like to know what form did it take? Did people write editorials? Did deputies protest in the Reichstag? Rallies? Lectures? Petitions? Demonstrations? 

Whether this would have really become policy or remained just a bit of Churchillian bluster is impossible to tell.