As such there was a concerted effort to eradicate their culture, and convert the Indians to the European-American cultural package of English, Christianity, and agriculture. Particularly in the 19th and early 20th century there was a philosophy among Americans and Western Europeans that along with the benefits of having a more powerful and advanced culture came a responsibility to bring those benefits to the rest of the world that was clearly saddled with inferior cultures. (Some would argue this attitude persists largely unchanged today). Thus were born the American Indian boarding schools. The idea was that older Indians may be "set in their ways", but if you could take their kids away from them, you could raise them in the American culture instead, which always included Christianity. Generally at these schools (many run by the US government) children were forbidden to speak their native languages, wear their native dress, or practice their native religion. The schools were theoretically voluntary, but eventually the BIA started requiring education of all children to a western standard, which left many tribes with no other option. The angry mob of whites put out the word that armed black folk were taking over town, the armory was raided, and soon the black community found itself in a pitched battle over the railroad tracks separating the two communities. The north Tulsa community fought bravely, but they just didn't have the numbers. At about 5 AM the tracks were overrun, and the white mob stormed into North Tulsa, and burned it to the ground. By the time the National Guard restored order the next day, hundreds were dead, over a thousand injured, six thousand "interned", and here's what the richest African-American district in the nation looked like the next day: This guy's clothing is pretty interesting- he's got an army-issue parka, but quite nonstandard headgear and what appear to be pressed dark trousers. It's possible that he's wearing the old green service uniform under the parka, but then he should be wearing a tie, which I don't see evidence of. Maybe an off-duty staff soldier on a tour of the countryside? Hard to say, given the available info. Edit2: As Jammin4CO found, there's a spot viewable on google maps a few hundred meters north of 52SCG064953 that almost exactly matches the photo: link Edit: I think I found the location referred to- 064953 is near the NE corner of a 100k grid square, so I checked the MGRS map for Korea, and there's one square with the NE corner near the DMZ. I figured that was the likeliest candidate, so I checked it out, and 064953 is right next to a town called Imjin-ri, in a hilly area overlooking a river. It's not 100%, but I bet that's the spot. Standardized nametapes weren't a thing in the Army until at least the mid-50s, I believe, so this photo was taken after both the Korean War and the occupation of Japan ended. The shapka and parka imply a colder climate, and that plus the architecture of that house (note especially the curved roofline) means my best guess is that this was taken in Korea. How does the US Navy compare to its counterpart in the early 20th Century? Are the numbers of ships and personnel really that much smaller now? If so, is this cheifly a reflection of a change in the technology and role of Naval warfare in the last 100 years, cheifly a lessening of the USA's ability to project military power in the world, or a combination? As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. In theory, yes that would cover any religion. In practice, not just no but hell no. 2 - Linked here is the letter that was the main catalyst for King's letter, written to attempt to undercut his support while he was conveniently in jail. As the last thing his jailors wanted was him responding, King's letter was written in the margins of newspapers and smuggled out piecemeal. However, its clear from the response that he was addressing more than just that one letter. This guy's clothing is pretty interesting- he's got an army-issue parka, but quite nonstandard headgear and what appear to be pressed dark trousers. It's possible that he's wearing the old green service uniform under the parka, but then he should be wearing a tie, which I don't see evidence of. Maybe an off-duty staff soldier on a tour of the countryside? Hard to say, given the available info. Edit2: As Jammin4CO found, there's a spot viewable on google maps a few hundred meters north of 52SCG064953 that almost exactly matches the photo: link Edit: I think I found the location referred to- 064953 is near the NE corner of a 100k grid square, so I checked the MGRS map for Korea, and there's one square with the NE corner near the DMZ. I figured that was the likeliest candidate, so I checked it out, and 064953 is right next to a town called Imjin-ri, in a hilly area overlooking a river. It's not 100%, but I bet that's the spot.