I agree with Philip’s answer that Kant gave a clear definition of his concept of human dignity. But Kant was neither the only one nor the first one who published about this theme, e.g. see antique Roman philosophers or European philosophers of law in the 17th century. 

2) Kant later comments on this point and explicates that it was the problem of human freedom which interrupted his dogmatic slumber. See letter to Garve from 1798, quoted from p. 9 in Kreimendahl, Lothar: Der Durchbruch von 1769. Köln 1990 (in German) 

The new founded order of Jesuits united the main proponents of scholastic philosophy. The subject was teached in an authoritative form, relying heavily on Thomas Aquinas and on the works of Aristotle. It was used as a safeguard to support and to defend the doctrines of the Catholic church. We know about internal instructions to the philosophical teachers of this order. They should avoid introducing new thoughts and even new philosophical methods. 

For me it is rather difficult to follow Nietzsche's text and to make any sense from the big words in his general statements. The author asserts far reaching claims, makes comparisons, but he does not give arguments. He alludes to his precursors in philosophy of art, in particular to Friedrich Schiller. The terms Apollonian and Dionysian had been introduced before by the German philosopher Friedrich Schelling in an essay from 1795/96 Über das Studium der Griechischen Poesie. 

Kant has a certain influence on politics with his essay “Perpetual Peace: A Philosophical Scetch” from 1795. This essay is sometimes referred to in papers on the theory of the state. 

Descartes undertook his work primarily not in direct response to the scholastic doctrine, but in response to scholastic method. He was unhappy with the uncertainty of the disputed speculations. He was driven by the search for certain knowledge. And he was fascinated by the reliability of the mathematical method to obtain certain knowledge. It is a methodological problem that Descartes addresses. 

ad 2. The coincidence is supposed to hold between the two world wars in the period 1914-1945 on one hand and the revolution in physics during the same time on the other hand. 

Kant had a certain influence on the philosophy of religion, because he gave a clear argument against the ontological “proof”. But Kant’s consideration on the field of philosophy of religion are not the subject of the present post. Kant’s influence on religious belief or practice in the Western world is negligible in comparison to e.g., Martin Luther. 

Hebrew bible: The book of genesis dates somewhere from 1.000-500 BCE, dealing with the questions Who are we? and Where are we from? 

• A generally accepted method of investigation 

According to "Gemoll, Wilhelm: Griechisch-deutsches Schul- und Handwörterbuch. München 1962"(German): 

• Criteria how to assess right or wrong of philosophical results 

In 1783 Kant complains in his Critique of Pure Reason that metaphysics does not make any progress alike to logic, mathematics or physics.