The ideal scenario is that the ball is either cleared to a neutral zone by a defender or for instance by a goal kick. It's of course not always the case, and based on circumstances the ref could blow the final whistle at a less than optimal situation. 

In an amazing comeback Seahawks got a TD less than a minute on the clock. The running back Marshawn Lynch seemed to fumble the ball, which was then picked up by the center and carried in the end zone. I realize that the score was reviewed, but not sure on what grounds... 

I cannot really comment on whether or not it's common to play for money, however I presume it would happen occasionally as with pretty much all other pub environment games. 

Neither have I seen the games on TV nor am I particularly knowledgeable about badminton regulations but I find the events, the discussion and the outcomes particularly interesting as a sports enthusiast. 

Both the golden goal and silver goal were removed from the Laws of the Game eventually. 

Similarly the over-representation of African Americans in NBA or NFL, or Caucasian Americans in NHL (ice hockey) can be similarly attributed to the culture of these sports being deeply rooted in the respective communities. Long story short, think like this: how many kids grow up dreaming to become a snooker champion in Germany vs in the UK. ;) 

The fourth ofﬁcial indicates the minimum additional time decided by the referee at the end of the ﬁnal minute of each period of play. 

The general rule in sliding tackles is whether or not you get to the ball first before making any contact with the attacking player. As a defender your responsibility is to make sure you are going after the ball, and as an attacker you make sure that you play the ball and not the defender.. 

The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. 

In the case of a player moving backwards, the player stops making forward progress because they have begun doing the opposite. 

Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that 

No. Penalties are awarded by the officials. Team preference is not a factor; they do not have any input on the decision. 

Various systems are used by different organisations to make it easy to note the reason for a card, and remind the referee what occurred when they write a match report afterward. 

At no point in any part of the rule is any mention or implication that the offender's opponents may decide the penalty is not served at all. 

Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, 

[after a delayed penalty, and the offender's team gains possession], the Referee will blow his whistle to stop play and impose the penalty on the offending player. 

Thus, there is no concern over whether the order will be suboptimal based on the coin toss. Instead, managers are faced with a much more dynamic and complex situation: choosing the most optimal order from this point onwards and before every individual shot. 

In the case that it is not clear even to witnesses or by examination of evidence (and in particular, it is not clear to the umpires of the match in question) benefit of the doubt is presumed for the batsman (Law 27.6, Consultation by umpires), and therefore the decision should be not out. 

The referee would write "#7 38 C4 @ IFK" to indicate who received the caution, why the caution was given and when, under what justification in the laws. 

As a delivery is a free hit, the batsman cannot be out Stumped (Law 28.17, Out from a No ball, which is further applied to the free hit itself). Whether the batsman was or was not attempting to run between the creases cannot be determined by anybody who was not present and does not have access to conclusive video or audio evidence. 

The game as a whole is made simpler and more coherent if it is only possible to move forward when attacking, and this requires that it not be possible to move forward when defending. To be attacking, a team must have possession, one way or another. The exception is backward movement made as part of the attack, i.e. the snap and any backward passes or runs: the attacking team sacrifices territory now in order to gain territory in several seconds. 

17.3.2.1 if it is called dead, or is to be considered dead, before the striker has had an opportunity to play it. See Law 20.6 (Dead ball; ball counting as one of over). 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

the ball is placed for the next down based on its position when the down ends, and not for example when a defender first made contact with the attacker or when the attacker first took possession.