Also, you may not request a moderator's diamond hat, as they are only given to moderators. When it comes down to these mass duplicated questions: yes, yes it is. They get annoying after a while, and waste our time trying to close and get rid of them so we don't have 50 million duplicates of the same exact thing. Basically, you're offending us by not conducting a simple search that would have saved all of everyone's time. Wait, wait! I don't know what I want! If you're unsure what you'd like to write your story about, stop by and chat with us in the Tavern on the Meta where users can give you an idea of what some different types of swag are, and we will be dropping some random images of swag we have in stock that you might not have known about. Don't participate in that community. I'm not saying you should just give up because you're never going to fit in, no. I'm saying that there is absolutely nothing wrong with ceasing participation in a community that didn't turn out to be what you expected. I've done the exact same thing with a Stack Exchange community myself. I had a presumed idea of what the community was, it didn't turn out to be what I thought, and I left. No harm done, no feelings hurt - just wasn't for me. If you try too hard to fit in, you only make yourself stand out more. The only injustice you're doing is allowing it to remain at its current vote count longer until the next downvoter comes along, and potentially let other users be fooled by its incorrectness. I applaud you for not just downvoting competing answers because its competition, but not ever downvoting competing answers seems a tad counterproductive. It's kind of like saying "I believe my answer is correct. This other answer is contradictory to my answer. I don't believe this other answer is incorrect." Why offer money? We’re dedicated to ensuring our users' security and have long relied on our community to report security vulnerabilities to us. We’re very grateful for all the help we’ve received from those listed in our Hall of Fame and others who have helped us out with other minor things in the past. However, it’s become clear to us that this process isn’t enough — it's become commonplace for companies to offer rewards to security researchers, and many of those top security researchers naturally spend their time on sites which offer to pay them. That is why we feel it's necessary to start offering a reward to those who dedicate their time to aiding our development efforts through reporting these vulnerabilities in a responsible way. We feel that not offering a monetary reward for these reports makes us appear to care less about the security of our users to both our users and the hacking community. So what feedback do you want? Anything. We realize our communities have strongly been based on the efforts of our users contributing for free and that beginning to reward users monetarily in this way can seem like it undermines the spirit of Meta and the processes we’ve had in place in the past. However, we hope that our reasoning for pursuing this option is clear and warranted and, most of all, we want our users to be on board. If you have any further questions on something we missed or something you’d like to point out, please feel free to share your thoughts. For a truly terrible post, there isn't enough. The more downvotes there are, the more people know that this post is truly, truly terrible. 20 is more than 10, 50 is more than 20, and 100 is more than 50. More downvotes only reinforces the fact that the post should not be taken seriously. Capping that makes the post look more accepted by the community than it actually is. I find that much more disturbing than pile-on downvotes.