For the second chain of narration, although the Ma'mar through Al-Zohry chain is quite strong, there is no mention of where Al-Zohry got the hadith from (severed, mursal). 

The Prophet ﷺ said: "Do I tell you about your best?" They said: "Yes, O Apostle of Allah." The Prophet ﷺ said: "Those who when are seen, Allah is mentioned." Then he followed: "Do I tell you about your worst? Those who walk among people with gossip, spoil relationships between those who love each other and wish hardships for the innocent. The long hadith you are referring to was documented by Al-Tabari in his book History of the Prophets and Kings is partially quoted below for reference: 

Following sins with good deeds will have the reverse effect of what you are worried about: the good deeds will erase the sins as the Prophet ﷺ has informed us: 

Al-Albani said in Al-Silsalat Al-Sahiha [Endnote 31: Vol. 6, pp. 486] commenting on what he described as Al-Tirmidhi said is [hadith] hassan: "The people of Paradise will enter Paradise without any hair on their body, beardless, with a fair complexion and curly hair, having collyrium in their eyes, aged thirty-three years." He said it was [hadith] sahih through its different versions and evidence. 

— Sunan Ibn Majah, Vol. 1, Book 6, Hadith 1573 

Whether your deeds are accepted now, or were ever accepted before, or will remain accepted till you die is a question that Allah, and only Allah knows. No human can judge on the specificity of your situation based on their own knowledge alone. The following hadith (ruled weak) was documented by At-Tabarāni in Al-Mu'jam al-Kabīr, Ibn Abi al-Dunya in Qadā' al-Hawā'ij (hadith 36), and by Al-Dhahabī in Al-Mīzān (hadith 6/178): 

Generally speaking, Islam encourages marriage as in the hadith in Sahih Muslim 1400 c. 

This raised some discussions among scholars of hadith as it was graded as weak (da'if) due to severance in the chain of narration (mursal) in Al-'Ellal by Al-Razi (Vol.5, p. 692-693, Hadith 2263), and in Al-'Ellal by Al-Daraqutni (Vol. 4, p. 334-335, Hadith 607). The conclusion from their discussion is that it is a weak (da'if) hadith. There are numerous commentaries on this hadith. I am providing below the commentaries by Al-'Asqalani and Al-Nawawi. Al-Hindi in Kanz al-'Ummal (Vol. 1, pp. 142 as hadith 679, and pp. 155 as hadith 770) Ibn Hibban in Al-Majrūhīn (Vol. 2, pp. 79, hadith 631) Jalāl al-Din as-Suyūti in Al-Jāmi' as-Saghīr (hadith 9147) The chain of narration is: The Prophet ﷺ said: The most loved persons by Allah are the most useful. The most loved acts by Allah are bringing happiness to a Muslim, removing his troubles, paying his debt, or driving away his hunger. For me, to pursue fulfilling my Muslim brother's need is beloved to me more than devoting one month's time in a masjid. Those who control their anger, Allah conceal their faults. Those who suppress their anger when they can willfully show it, Allah will fill their hearts with content on the Day of Resurrection. Whoever pursues fulfilling his Muslim brother's need until completion, Allah will steady his feet on the day when feet slip. Bad manners spoil deeds as vinegar spoils [the taste of] honey.