Can or Is the marriage contract in Islam considered a prenuptial agreement? 

So basically, for you to die by getting stabbed in the head with an iron needle is better than touching a non mehram woman. So the most innocent of actions such as touching sounds like a pretty major sin! i.e, you're better off dying by getting an iron needle stuck in your head, than to touch a non mehram woman... 

Lets start with touching, as that sounds like the most innocent of actions you've described in your question: 

Source: http://islamqa.info/en/36648 

With that in mind, the other actions/activities you described could be thought of as less innocent than the "touching" action. So if touching is such a major sin, I'd hate to even try to imagine what kind of punishments would be better than those other actions. 

I hope this helps you see how major the sins are for the actions you've described. 

Islam only allows marriage to a Muslim, a Jew or a Christian. 

A group has opposed the above, because of the following verse: 

The majority, however, argues that 2:221 is about polytheist idolators and does not extend to Christians, since the Quran normally uses mushriqeen to only refer to the idolaters and the Christians are usually separately mentioned as Nasara (meaning Christians) or as Ahle Kitab (people of the book) ... for example consider: 

Ibn Qudamah writes in Al-Mughni, translation from islamqa.info: 

Also relevant : Who are the women that a man is forbidden to marry? 

The fornicator does not marry except a [female] fornicator or polytheist, and none marries her except a fornicator or a polytheist, and that has been made unlawful to the believers. 

If she did a mistake and her character is not inherently like that, then it is permissible for you to marry her when she repents. This is the safest and majority view. 

The view of the Hanbali school of thought is that such a marriage should not be done unless the guilty party has sincerely repented. 

The Shafis also require the witnesses to be Muslims, and my understanding is that they do not make an exception for Kitabee marriages. 

And it is understood by the majority of the scholars that it includes Christians, trinitatians or otherwise. This is because the Christians had similar beliefs in the time of the Prophet (p.b.u.h) and the Quran itself mentioned that Christians consider Jesus to be divine [5:72], and that they believe in trinity [5:73] and knowing that, it did not specifically exclude them in 5:5. 

"Daughters" includes grand-daughters, no matter how much lower they are in the line of descent, that is because the name includes them just as "fathers" includes all ascendants. 

If it was the second or first divorce then they can remarry: 

You can marry your sister-in-law after your wife's death, because the prohibition is only in having marriage with two sisters simultaneously. 

Quran 5:5 ... And [lawful in marriage are] chaste women from among the believers and chaste women from among those who were given the Scripture before you ... 

banatu alakhi (brother's daughters) is the name for every female of whom your brother is an ancestor, and the same is for banatu alokhti (sister's daughters) 

On the other hand, the right remains intact where the loss has taken place without carnal connection, as for example in conséquence of a fall upon the ground. 

“A girl came to the Prophet and said: 'My father married me to his brother's son so that he might raise his status thereby.' The Prophet gave her the choice, and she said: 'I approve of what my father did, but I wanted women to know that their fathers have no right to do that.' ” Sunan Ibn Majah 

You should also know that sexual relations outside of marriage is Zina (fornication), it is itself a major sin and a punishable crime under shariah. 

The parents' consent and the pregnancy do not have any bearing on the ruling. 

Edit: As Armaan noted in the comments, Fatimah, the daughter of the Prophet, married her father's cousin, Ali ibn Talib. 

From God's saying: "your brother's daughters and your sister's daughters " it is understood that those women are also included who are lower in the line of descent, just like "mothers" includes those women who are above them. The same is applicable to "daughters" it includes those who are lower than them. 

Puberty is evident by wet dreams and menstruation. However the minimum age of puberty is 12 for boys and 9 for girls, even if the signs are evident before that. The maximum age of puberty is 18 for boys and 17 for girls (though there are other reports within the school), meaning that puberty would have passed even if there are no evident signs. 

There is no minimum age for nikah to be valid, though it is recommended by scholars that it shouldn't be contracted before puberty. The nikah of a minor will be valid when contracted by their guardians at any age, though it is consummated at puberty, and the two are given a choice to annul the nikah at puberty if it hasn't been done by their father or grandfather. 

If they are married away by someone other than the father and the grandfather, then, each one of them will have the option upon attaining puberty; if they like they can maintain the contract and if they like they can revoke it.