This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. 

- Kasza, Gregory James. The State and the Mass Media in Japan, 1918-1945. University of California Press, 1988. 

For example, in the Normandy map, you can see Heeresgruppe B next to Paris denoted with XXXXX under the command of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. 

Most of the officers who stayed served as military instructors for the Viet Minh forces, most notably at the Quảng Ngãi Military Academy. They imparted modern military science and training on their students. There were necessary conventional military knowledge such as how to conduct assaults, night attacks, company/battalion level exercises, commanding, tactics, navigation, communications and movements. In addition, they taught them how to fight against a superior enemy through sabotage, ambushes and raids. A few, however, actively led Vietnamese forces into combat. 

- Zubok, Vladislav M. A Failed Empire: the Soviet Union in the Cold War from Stalin to Gorbachev. University of North Carolina Press, 2009. 

These terms were considered beyond the pale by the Chinese government. With Japanese doves cowed and open talk of using the truce to rearm by Chinese notables, the peace effort fell apart. 

The failure of the Trauntmann mediation led Germany to completely abandon China as an ally. Apart from economic/industrial aid, the more immediately important shipments of military supplies and arms were halted, and German military advisors were ordered to leave. Those were substantial losses China was ill equipped to replace herself - and in 1938, China needed every little scrap of anything it could possibly get. 

First of all, there is no evidence that Jiang Baili graduated with the highest score. The Imperial Japanese Army Academy held two graduations in 1905: the 17th and 18th classes. See the following table of top graduates, between 1902 and 1907 for good measure. 

Edwin Witte was the Executive Director of the Committee on Economic Security, established in June 1934 to work on what would become the Social Security Act. The proposals for providing public health insurance provoked outrage from medical organisations such as the American Medical Association 

Immediately after the Armistice ended the Pacific War, some tens of thousands of Japanese veterans remained in Vietnam, with more in nearby regions. They were actively courted by the Viet Minh, who needed their experience and expertise in their looming war with France. Some 1000 Japanese military personnel thus found themselves on the Vietnamese side, including something like 47 former Kempetai members and/or 46 officers. Though exact numbers should be taken with a grain of salt. 

Therefore, in practice, people could keep on drinking by: 

I am not the kind of person who was riveted by what Stalin said, I argued with him, I told him the truth! 

Certainly at least some would have been gotten rid of (through burial or otherwise) since WW2 was still ongoing. American authorities did not officially approve of the practise. Though enforcement of the ban was lacklustre, from the beginning some trophy skulls were ordered disposed of or reburied. In the early post war years, several skulls were discovered both thrown away as garbage or in the possession of former soldiers. Beyond moral implications, possession may provoke murder investigations or breach state laws, all of which encouraged quiet disposals. 

寺田近雄『明治・大正・昭和の新語・流行語辞』立風書房、平成4年 

Nationalist forces also made gains in Northern China and Manchuria, including parts of Gansu, Shensi, Chihli, and Shanxi (Shansi). Borders were far more complex and fragmented in these regions however, and did not follow provincial lines. The following map of Communist areas in 1946, in dark brown the darkest red (burgundy?), illustrates by way of contrast the irregular extent of Nationalist control in these regions. 

For instance, bacteria with with sufficient β-lactamase production would have been resistant. This enzyme is very ancient as well, having evolved a billion years ago. Thus, while I don't know of any species that was resistant as a whole, individual resistant bacterium existed before penicillin's clinical adoption. This was proven in the Lederberg Experiment, which showed that resistant bacteria existed in a colony before contact with penicillin, as opposed to appearing as a mutation afterwards. 

This legal picture had not changed by the time of Indian independence, when Sir Arthur Hopkison, the last British Political Officer of Sikkim, Bhutan and Tibet, observed in a communication to the Government of India that: "Bhutan fears that it may be confronted with some decision classifying it as an Indian State, which it is not, and lumping it along with other Indian states". 

They identify the size of the formation. That Free French unit you referred to with one X is actually a brigade, not a division. Similarly, the Greek and German unit facing each other German unit both have a single X, and has been explicitly labelled as brigades. All other units, including the Italian one you mentioned, have XX - indicating they are divisions. 

Thus, the official propaganda clearly casts Trotsky and Trotskyism as public enemies. Trostky's actual beliefs were not important, and in fact glossed over as much as possible. It suffices for propaganda purposes to paint him and his followers as treasonous counter-revolutionary criminals. I would consider this to be depicting a hate figure, although since Trotsky was dead the obvious focus was on his supposed adherents in China. 

Thus it was legal to homebrew cider or wine as long as it was "not intoxicating in fact". The burden of proving it otherwise was placed on the Bureau of Prohibition, who decided to simply ignore homebrewers. This effectively legalised homebrewing in general. 

EDIT: A note on the political feasibility of a truce with Japan. While not exactly a populist strategy, it wasn't unacceptable to China at large either. I think this can be illustrated into two incidents where non-Chiang-aligned, regional cliques rebelled (purportedly to fight the Japanese): the Liangkwang Incident, and the rather more successful/famous Xi'an Incident.