If the assistant referee is in line with the last forward, how can he see when the ball leaves the other player if he is so far from the last forward? Watching the replays, it seems impossible to make the right decision on difficult offside calls. 

U.C. (Unione Calcio - U.C. Sampdoria) 

Wikipedia has insert Gabon in the Group A of qualified teams: The host nation team will also be drawn into a group and will play games against those in that group; however, these matches will only be considered as friendlies and not counted for the standings. 

Euro 2016 is open to 24 teams while since 2012 was to 16 when the firsts and the seconds teams qualify for the knockout rounds. 

How is it possible for the assistant referee to realize when a player is offside? 

Gabon national team is qualified because of nation host. 

As written in the comment is not clear what do you mean with "most popular". 

The players other than the kicker must be located: • inside the field of play 

This is the wikipedia page that explain asian handicap betting. 

If the contract is still active there are two ways: 

I.F.K (Idrottsföreningen Kamraterna - IFK Göteborg / IFK Norrköping) 

The player ask for rescission and he will take back "his property". In this case is is free to choose another team and the new team should not pay for the player (see player Iker Casillas moving to Porto from Real Madrid in summer '15) The team sacks the player and the player start to play to another team. In this case the new team has probably pay money to old team, but it depends on the courts where the teams talk about the questions) If the contract in ending the player is free to sign to another team just at the end of the contract to another team (see free player Antonio Cassano moving to Sampdoria in summer '15). Normally the old team take no money from the new team, but if the player is very young the new team has to pay a contribution for the growth of the young player (see young Paul Pogba moving from Manchester UTD to Juventus in summer '12) 

So according to those sources (guardian and Australian Bureau of Statistics) Australian (rules) Football seems the "most popular" sport in that country. 

I can try to reply to the question whinking about popularity like attendance. 

As suggested in the comments it depends on what tournaments are you writtend about. 

When the cross is kicked there are no players in offside. Then the goalkeeper deflects the ball over the bar (or the ball arrive directly over the bar), and in this moment (if the video screenshot is at the right moment) there is only a player in offside (near the left bar of the goal "numer 1"), but this player is a not-active position. 

Here some commercial links: 1 - 2 and some more info (take a lok at goals section) 

S.S. (Società Sportiva - S.S. Lazio) => football - paddle - grass hockey - basketball - volleyball - rugby - darts and many more 

UEFA competitions used to disqualified the players after 3 yellow cards in 3 different matches, than after the 5th, the 7h (see art 49 and the image below) and so on until the semi-final. After the quarter-finals (art 49.04) the yellow cards are reset to do not affect the topics of the tournaments (i.e. Nedved misses EURO Champions League 2003 and Xabi Alonso misses EURO Champions League final in 2014) 

• must be placed on the penalty mark 

On other hand the sport with most players seems football. 

C.D. (Club Deportivo - CD Aguila) 

i.e. commercial links basketball and soccer 

The player taking the penalty kick: 

• at least 9.15 m (10 yds) from the penalty mark 

In a case of multiple bet you have to calculate in this way: 

RCD (Real Club Deportivo - RCD Espanyol) 

Why there is a lot of difference in cost transfert from football players to a coaches? 

This expansion required a modification to the first round of the qualification system and those are the criteria for the qualification: 

So the player that score the goal (number 3) is in a regular position for offside rule because the last defender is over (number 2). 

For each event you can think in this way: 

Net goal should be made of hemp, jute, nylon or polypropylene. 

A.C. (Associazione Calcio - A.C. Milan) 

For example take a look at Montella sign to AC Milan (where Milan is paying €500,000 to release Montella from his Sampdoria contract) 

The problem is that is necessary to view the last players (forward and defender) and the ball at the same time. 

What language does a referee has to use to communicate with players in those different situations: 

To be precise this particular case is not treated but the regulation is clear, and is it often possible to view the striker to arrange the mark area with the shoe to make it easier for the shot 

So in this case your outcome is: - Y*((X1*X2*X3)/4)