In a moment of honesty she explains that the gentleman has a huge net worth -- "that's right, Herman, he's rich and I like being pampered. I suppose you think I'm terrible" she says and brushes his face with a hand. 

For example, can you imagine someone telling you a story that goes like this: 

Clarity Writing that is appropriate for the context Stimulus / Response Writing Smooth transitions Music Style If you were to successfully achieve all of these with your writing, then it would be great writing -- and, of course, great reading. 

The Amazing Story Generator by Sacher - amazon link Those will give you a good idea of how this concept has been done numerous times before. 

Consider those terrible, awful, singers, auditioning for a spot on American Idol, who sound worse than a cat with its tail caught in a door. One of the judges, like Keith Urban might ask, "Well, how do you think you did?" 

What Happens Next? What Happened To George? You can't just let your friend stop the story there. There is tension left and you want to know. Did George tragically die? Is George alive and tragically wounded? The natural tension is there. 

As if it's not enough, there's also changes in the content and genre of each story: the first is a fantasy, one of the sequels is a sci-fi, another one is close to horror, etc. 

As far as I know, and based on what happens in the market I study and what its audience says, a sequel is, generally, similar to the previous work, being kind of a "The New Adventures of X", keeping the world/universe, feeling and atmosphere, but putting the same characters (or most of them) in new events, and such audience like it that way, because that way they can have again the experience they had in the previous work but now with a new story with the characters they love and some new things, very usually keeping the status quo. 

I have a story I'm writing which envisions some sequels. However, although the timeline and world are the same, such sequels are so different from each other that I feel I'm causing too many deep permanent changes in the stories. 

You may need less information, or more information, or different information. My recommendation is to experiment, practice, vary your outlining from story to story or scene to scene to discover what helps you and what hinders you. 

Give a character a reason to think about, speak about, or interact with the small detail. 

Reaction. The character's immediate reaction to the disaster. Dilemma. The character must choose between equally unsatisfactory alternatives. Decision. The character decides what to do, which becomes the goal for the character's next scene. The character reacts to the disaster, sorts through alternatives for what to do next (usually all bad), and chooses one of the alternatives, which becomes the next goal. 

Try adding a few more details in your outline, and notice how that affects what you write, and your eagerness to write, and your satisfaction with what you write. 

Eliminate options. None of the easy options work. None of the merely difficult or painful options work. No, in order to solve the problem, the character must sacrifice something precious. Bring the character to the point of despair. Readers care when characters despair.