Of course there are other views regarding the circumstances of it, but it was the most famous of them. 

Tafseer-e-Nemune, Volume4, page103. 

Initially let’s see what is considered as 3Talaqah (3-divorced) from the view of Shia. Apparently, from the viewpoint of Shiite, 3-Talaqah ought to be performed in three separated times. Actually it doesn’t mean that it would be happened if you repeat it 3 times. Based on Shia perspective regarding shaking hands to non-mahram, this is not allowed to shake hands to non-mahram even though s/he is non-Muslim. Acutally there is no difference which religion s/he is from, haply it is considered as a haram practice which could be related to the probability of sin. 

Or for example, in above-mentioned work, if its movies are not permissible, then it couldn't be Halal... 2: Its intention is figuring out regarding her defects or beauty In other words, it says: When a believer enters the sanctuary of faith and belief, there remains in him nothing to demand the killing of another believer who like himself is within the same sanctuary, except if it happens without his intention. Thus the exception is joined, not isolated. The meaning in simple words is as follows: A believer does not want to kill a believer, per se; he cannot think of killing him knowing that he too is a believer. There are other verses like this sentence in the same style and the same negation of requisition. For a example: ... 

When the sperm donor is not the husband, this is unquestionably impermissible because one cannot have children with someone other than their wife. The question of lineage becomes murky, and there are all chances of someone's rights being infringed upon (either the child who is entitled to know their lineage and entitled to interaction with the father, the mother who is entitled to child support, or the father who is entitled to his progeny). In addition this whole idea goes against the cohesion of the family unit and in fact disturbs it. 

My answer and proofs so far are restricted to 1) People of the Book and 2) personal law or within-community infractions. It doesn't answer the question of what happens when a crime is committed outside the community, and if the community is not Ahl al-Kitab. So the scholars use this incident for one exception: if everyone knows what you're saying can't be true, it's OK to joke about it. If someone says for example - I was on Mars last night and something happened and proceeds to make a joke about it, everyone there knows it's not true. 

For the first question, there is an incident from the khilafah of 'Umar b. Abd al-Aziz, commonly known as the fifth righteous khalifa in Islam. He was shocked once at hearing of incestuous practices in the Zoroastrian community (within Islamic political dominion). He wrote to al-Hasan al-Basri asking for advice - and he was told that once the people of the covenant paid the jizyah, they are to be left alone to live as they please without interference from the government. (I heard this from my teacher, and it is referenced also in Maududi's book "The Rights Of The People of Covenant In The Islamic State.") 

In other words, it says: When a believer enters the sanctuary of faith and belief, there remains in him nothing to demand the killing of another believer who like himself is within the same sanctuary, except if it happens without his intention. Thus the exception is joined, not isolated. The meaning in simple words is as follows: A believer does not want to kill a believer, per se; he cannot think of killing him knowing that he too is a believer. There are other verses like this sentence in the same style and the same negation of requisition. For a example: ... 

Note: I am looking for Shia view In regard to taking pills, on the whole, it will make the fasting invalid . then you ought not to eat pills. 

In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful According to Islam (Shia view), on the whole, speaking intimately(for marriage) will be permissible if: Your intention is serious(real) for the marriage, (of course solely at the level of acquaintance and also without the intention of pleasure, if he does not fear that he perhaps falls into a sin with her). As a result, in the mentioned way, you can talk to her with observation of the mentioned items. 

Actually the man utters the sentence above (note: He must name her wife instead of the word FOLAN at the mentioned phrase). 

It is true as you mentioned that it forbids killing believers ... but this verse can be related to common situation (about believers, and has not mentioned the exceptions and actually is deemed as a general issue), and in truth it is not related/mention the ones who do specific activities that are horrible haram activities (whose punishments are execution ...).