But the Congressional Budget Office has yet to release its estimates of what the new plan would cost people or how many people would possibly lose coverage. An estimated 40% of illegal immigrants come here legally through visa programs. Immigration agents catch an abysmally small percentage of the illegal immigrants who arrived on visas but overstayed their welcome, authorities admitted to Congress Tuesday, describing a loophole that those around the globe are increasingly using to gain a foothold in the U.S. Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act would remove health coverage for an estimated 24 million Americans by 2026, according to independent analysis by the Congressional Budget Office. Lawmakers from both parties rely on the nonpartisan budget office to gauge the potential impact of legislation. Map of federal assistance between ACA and Republican Healthcare How can Trump make Mexico pay? Tax reform. But the tax credits appear to help wealthier people more than low-income individuals. Liberal/bipartisan arguments against a VAT: Of course, Trump has no ability to tell any other country what to do. So every other country is welcome to continue following it even if the US does not. Whether or not they count any additional criteria as being met would also be up to interpretations outside the US. Most states already have sales taxes and value added taxes (VATs) are essentially a tax on sales. VATs are regressive, as they tax consumption rather than income and the poor consume a larger portion of their income. While businesses pay VAT to the government, they collect the money from their customers. Liberals prefer taxes that they can claim come from businesses and their owners to ones on employees and customers. Conservative/libertarian arguments against a VAT: You'll often see claims that poorer regions are are more Republican. This is true, but within the region higher income leads to more Republican support. This is also true of richer regions. Increased mortality Mortality rates among adults 18-64 have increased every year of Obamacare except 2012 and are now higher than at any time during the 2002-2010 period. Life expectancy has actually started decreasing. This is relevant because that age group is the most affected by Obamacare. Older than 65 are Medicare. Younger than 18 are only indirectly impacted (their parents may buy insurance for them through Obamacare). But the Congressional Budget Office has yet to release its estimates of what the new plan would cost people or how many people would possibly lose coverage. But the tax credits appear to help wealthier people more than low-income individuals. There's still division within the Republican party about the healthcare. Some even go as far as saying it will be "dead on arrival" we will have to wait and see if there will be changes made to the bill. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center noted at least 10 taxes written into Obamacare that would be repealed or delayed under the new plan, including the “Cadillac” tax that is set to kick in in 2020 but would be delayed until 2025 under the new plan. Map of federal assistance between ACA and Republican Healthcare What happens if you don’t sign up? While people who did not sign up for insurance either through their employer, a private plan or the ACA were subject to fines, the new bill also contains a “mandate” of sorts. You'll often see claims that poorer regions are are more Republican. This is true, but within the region higher income leads to more Republican support. This is also true of richer regions. UK providers also have longer wait times for non-emergency services. In the US, a long wait time often results in choosing a different doctor. So doctors see fewer patients in the US. Similarly, US doctors are more likely to have schedules where they are available early in the morning (before work) or late afternoon/early evening (after work) or on weekends (no work). They may be sitting around the office doing nothing in the middle of the day, as there are no patients. But they had appointments earlier and will have more appointments later, so they can't really close up and go home enjoyably. Of course, this might be caused by something other than Obamacare. Correlation is not causation. Most states already have sales taxes and value added taxes (VATs) are essentially a tax on sales. VATs are regressive, as they tax consumption rather than income and the poor consume a larger portion of their income. While businesses pay VAT to the government, they collect the money from their customers. Liberals prefer taxes that they can claim come from businesses and their owners to ones on employees and customers. Conservative/libertarian arguments against a VAT: Obamacare covered less than half of the uninsured, mostly through Medicaid expansion. Sales taxes are state taxes but a state could not charge a border-adjusted VAT due to constitutional limitations (states can't tax imports from other states). It would have to be a federal tax. The non-border-adjusted version taxes exports from one state to another. Most states do not want to do that, as it puts their goods at a competitive disadvantage with other states. Since sales taxes are state taxes and VAT is a federal tax, it would be complicated to reduce the (state) sales tax while imposing a federal VAT. Adding a federal law to raise taxes for a state is politically difficult. The politician gets the blame for the tax increase but doesn't get the credit for the spending. Politicians prefer the reverse, where they get the credit and someone else takes the blame. Or at least want to get the credit as well as the blame. Donald Trump thinks that it is too complicated.