On the other hand, one of my other children professed (at 7) his admiration for a crush, and the parents not only called us in alarm, but forbade the little girl from talking to him in the future. It was a valuable (and somewhat painful) lesson all around. Boundaries need to be respected. By the way, it's OK to fall off the chart in a few boxes (especially speech). It's the overall pattern that matters, and it's just a tool to let your doctor know if they need to consider any other tests. A doctor can usually diagnose a problem using this chart (asking mom if the baby does these things) and watching the child playing on the floor during the interview. The chart is not a substitute for the trained eye of a physician. It's just a guide. The latter, while it's straightforward and true, is a lot to give people suddenly. When people are anxious (which they will be as soon as you get it out), they have a natural tendency not to hear what you're saying and sometimes to react emotionally, not reasonably.* I think it's a great idea to let kids make decisions when they can. However, to let a child decide on important things without realizing that in many instances the child will pick what brings him instant gratification isn't really teaching him well. Better to let kids take increased responsibility as they are able to appreciate long-term consequences. Armed with facts gleaned from multiple reliable sources (if you're still concerned after your research), ask the mom if you can discuss some concerns you have with her (or, alternately, both of them). Just tell the truth, but make it about yourself, not them. My youngest is also 22 months, and is definitely not "speaking properly" by some definition, though he sounds like he's a little further along than yours - he puts 3-5 words together ("Not do that", "Stand up", etc.). Definitely not sentences or anything else I'd call "properly", but quite in the normal range for a child of that age from my experience. Putting him in a playhome (I assume this translates to 'daycare' of some form) will neither help nor hurt him in this area, as long as you're regularly interacting with him when he is at home; if you're busy (a lot of cleaning/cooking, or online education classes, or such) then it likely would help him; children learn to talk by hearing others do it, first and foremost, so if he's around people who talk more around him (both his-age and older kids, and the teachers) he'll be able to improve. There are definitely a variety of different ability levels when it comes to speaking; 22 months should be able to say some words, but it sounds like he's at that level. Boys tend to be further behind than girls in terms of speaking, and if he's an only child (or a first child) then it's also going to delay things some in terms of sophistication (speaking in sentences, for example). You should be seeing your pediatrician at around 2 years old, hopefully, and during that visit you should discuss this concern with her/him. Your pediatrician is able to help you understand exactly what you should be concerned with. He/she can test your son's hearing, which is the most common problem related to speech; particularly if your son had more ear infections than is typical for a child (more than 3 that required medication, I think) this is a good thing to check. I think it's a great idea to let kids make decisions when they can. However, to let a child decide on important things without realizing that in many instances the child will pick what brings him instant gratification isn't really teaching him well. Better to let kids take increased responsibility as they are able to appreciate long-term consequences. He has a doctor's appointment at 24 months, and if he has fallen off the chart on anything, talk to your doctor then. He may be an early bloomer in some areas and a late bloomer in others. Whatever you decide, I hope it works out for the best. I think it's great that you care enough to bring it here. People have been raising babies for millennia, and doctors rarely see injuries or conditions caused by this manner of overeager parents.* Having a baby sit up early (allowing the legs to straddle properly) or to walk with assistance is fine; often the babies love and want to do this. They are eager to see and explore their world. Again, doing this (e.g. walking with assistance) will not happen if the baby hasn't already sent some time pushing himself into a standing position on the parent's lap.