Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law. 

The "constitutional crisis" that would ensue would most likely follow a very predictable trajectory. SCOTUS would need to reconcile the two, and the above paper would be brought up. The originalists would point to this paper and say that the 1911 Act was probably more in keeping with what the founders meant by the amendment, and then everybody would figure out a compromise. With the prospect looming of fitting nearly 1700+ members into the Capitol and 435 Congressmen fearing they'll lapse into irrelevance, "something" would get done - but then you get so hypothetical that is would be nearly impossible to determine. 

In order to avoid the prohibition in the 12th amendment, Cheney had to quickly change his residency back to Wyoming (and sell his property), in order to avoid a lawsuit that had been filed. Eventually, a three-judge panel ruled that Cheney was, in fact, resident in Wyoming. 

The premise of your question was faulty prior to the edit; the Constitution protects the rights of every individual within the jurisdiction of these United States from infringement by the Federal, State, and Local Governments. There is not a prerequisite that an individual be a citizen to have their rights protected, though there may be a few more hoops for them to go through to exercise those rights. Yes, there are certain rights that are restricted to citizens, like voting. 

On the 'right to disqualify,' they can't. They are just calling his character into question giving his prejudicial statements. The administration however, through Josh Earnest, is free to discredit or judge Trumps statements publicly. There is a legitimate concern that his expressed desire of keeping out all muslims can be used as a propaganda or recruiting device. However, the shortcoming of that concern is that there is already a stated intention to kill us; hiding from that reality just leaves these United States unprepared to provide a defense. 

Any effort to greatly undo the protection of individual rights codified by the Constitution would require actions in accordance with Article V of the same, violent over throw of the government, or the willful surrender and abdication of individual freedoms by the populace. 

Despite all indications to the contrary, to include the corruptibility of man, obnoxious weight of special interests, and more, these United States were built as a Republic, with a limited government that gains power from the populace. 

The last condition, where the populace surrenders and abdicates their individuals freedoms, is the most threatening because we can see indications that it is already happening. Look at the expanse of the Federal government beyond the confines of the Constitution, how it inserts itself into matters beyond its powers, and people accept it because "general welfare," an illusion of security, or personal gain. 

(2) that he is likely to suffer irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief 

It's important to note that the courts do not consider this ability to construe to imply the ability to change what the law is, only to say what the law is. For example, in NFIB v. Sebelius, Justice Scalia (writing in dissent) felt that Roberts' construction of the individual mandate as a tax changed the law, and was therefore not allowed: 

Another case, A.L.A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States (often known as the "Sick Chickens Case"), was decided that same year, and reached a similar conclusion. These cases have never been overruled, and as such, Congress remains prohibited from delegating its lawmaking abilities to other branches of the government. 

All of this seems to suggest an absolute inability of the Supreme Court to make any changes to legislation in order to ensure its Constitutionality. It can only rule on laws or portions of laws as Constitutional or not, and only then when an actual case or controversy exists. 

However, the courts have a small amount of leeway. If an otherwise Unconstitutional statute can be fairly construed as meaning something that is Constitutional, then the court can interpret it in that way. This technique was famously used by Chief Justice Roberts in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, in order to find the individual mandate portion of the Affordable Care Act Constitutional. After finding that the individual mandate could not be justified by the Commerce Clause, he decided that it could be construed as a tax, and would thus be Constitutional: 

(4) that an injunction is in the public interest 

You can read the judge's order here. The first thing to note is that the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington did not "nullify" or "ban" Executive Order 13769. Instead the Court issued only a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO), which only temporarily suspends the order while the case is being adjudicated. 

The "constitutional crisis" that would ensue would most likely follow a very predictable trajectory. SCOTUS would need to reconcile the two, and the above paper would be brought up. The originalists would point to this paper and say that the 1911 Act was probably more in keeping with what the founders meant by the amendment, and then everybody would figure out a compromise. With the prospect looming of fitting nearly 1700+ members into the Capitol and 435 Congressmen fearing they'll lapse into irrelevance, "something" would get done - but then you get so hypothetical that is would be nearly impossible to determine. 

The relevant pieces of the document are: 

If you think your society is perfect, than by all means, you should care about the Kardashians and Miley Cyrus' latest hairstyle. But to the extent you believe your society should be better, you should know politics. Like Mark Twain is credited with saying, 'Everybody complains about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.' I will admit to being dismissive of people who don't their own country's politics, because the moment an uneducated person complains, I think, 'And what are you doing about it?' Again, arrogant? Maybe. But this engineer prefers men in the arena to the critics.