If the second point is true, then to say that Jesus lies is to say then God lies. And the first point flat out denies that. 

32 “Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened. 33 Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away. 

24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. 

5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 

Supporting Scripture for each of these points: 

Specifically, when it comes to the miracles Jesus performed, not one of them was just for the sake of performing a miracle (showing off, having fun). Every miracle is accompanied by a lesson, a claim of authority, a claim to deity, or a claim to the power to forgive sins. 

For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; 

Romans 1 touches on the subject of whether or not we are held guilty if we've never heard the Gospel message. It lays out a few truths: 

To claim that Jesus was "Plan B" would indicate that God is not Omniscient, or that God failed. Both go against Biblical doctrine. 

If I were to carry a concealed weapon in a state that doesn't allow concealed carry, for example, and I was arrested, would I be able to avoid the consequences by telling the Judge "I didn't know"? No. I'd be punished according to the law, whether I intentionally broke the law or not. 

21 For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. 

46 Blessed is that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing. 

Christ who is called the exact image of the invisible Father is the voice that the people heard. He then says that they search the Scriptures in them you think you have eternal life but they testify of me."(v.39) The Son is said to be the eternal life with the Father. Are we to believe the Scriptures testify of only a human being and not God himself? In the end of the discourse Jesus says in vs.46-47 "If you believed Moses you would believe Me; for he wrote about me. But if you don’t believe his writings, how will you believe my words?" 

(d) That is, he would not: for we need to have faith if we are going to receive the works of God.