Large scale combat is primarily about breaking your opponent's morale. Prior to the 20th century, the primary means for getting people to throw themselves in harms way in a controllable fashion was to organize them into large groups, drill them so it's second nature, and advance in tight formation for mutual defense, concentration of firepower and mutual support. The question is how fast you can effectively throw ammunition into the enemy's tight formations in order to kill or wound as many men as possible as quickly as possible to break their morale and run. Beyond specialist roles such as sniping, considerations such as long range fire and stealth do not apply, nor does the talent of the individual soldier. 

Such a long weapon is not very good in the tight spaces of a trench or building. InRangeTV has an excellent video demonstration of the limitations of bayonet fighting and the use of the knife, club, and spade in WWI trench fighting. Yes, a shovel like this Russian/Soviet MPL-50 entrenching tool makes a pretty nasty and ubiquitous close quarters weapon. 

The French Colonial Empire Like many European empires, their expansion period basically ended after WWI in 1919. 

Now what can a more average shooter do in combat conditions (noise, smoke, wind, exhaustion, moving target, getting shot at...) and firing lethal arrows. For that let's look at people who already do this bow hunters. Bow hunters have their own competitions called Field Archery and from this we can glean a reasonable expectation of accuracy. Wikipedia claims bow hunters will fire at about 15m, with the maximum being about 40m, but it's based on one graph. A bow hunter wants to make sure they hit on the first try, else they're scare their game, and the game will be moving, even if not very fast, so this is probably the most realistic number. 

Ramming Speed!!! Throughout naval history, particularly before effective cannon were developed, the ram has proven decisive. Most warships were designed with a "ram bow" to pierce the enemy vessel below the water line. This practice continued even into WWI when the ram bow was eventually replaced by a more hydrodynamic bow. 

The UN was looking to negotiate a cease fire and bring the warring parties back to the negotiating table. While this was happening, they tried to reduce civilian casualties and war crimes. To carry this out, in Feb 1992 the UN Security Council Resolution 743 created the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) with about 40,000 personnel. In particular they make it clear that: 

The Kubinka Tank Museum has examples of M3 Lee, M4 Sherman and M5 Honey American tanks. Whether they are Lend-Lease or battlefield salvage I do not know (I'm doubtful about the M5 as the US only sent 5 of them). They're painted rather generically. 

Operation Uranus was a turning point. It was the first time a German salient had been successfully cut off, surrounded, and destroyed on the Eastern Front. The Germans were overextended, vulnerable in the flank protected by weak satellite armies. German (mostly Hitler's) overconfidence and purely offensive mindset could be exploited: rather than withdrawing when their flanks collapsed the Germans would remain in position confident they could lift the siege and continue their attack.