The pictured chain is an older bushing-type chain, which was the norm until bushingless chains took their place. Hub main bearings, bottom brackets, headsets, and pedals generally all take the same grease. Cup and cone type freehub or freewheel mechanisms generally need either heavy oil or light viscosity grease. In terms of how well a bearing system full of a given grease is going to function, if the bike is ever going to get ridden in wet conditions, then waterproofness and washout resistance are the most important variables by far. If the bike isn't ever going to be ridden in wet conditions, then it doesn't matter at all unless you want to try to save watts with your grease. If you do then my money is on Dura-Ace grease as being the best you can get, but it's a black hole of a debate topic. You don't indicate how true the rotors are. Many need truing out of the box - again it's not necessarily how it's supposed to be, but it's how it is. Typically you would want to do an ABC Quick Check - the information below came originally from the League of American Bicyclists site. Another point here is - I do the maintenance myself. Hubs are easy and you should be able to learn to do them yourself from a book and with a $10-15 investment in tools - bottom brackets are a little harder and you will probably just want to include that as part of a "shop service" unless you want to learn and invest a little more in doing your own maintenance. I ride about 3,000-4,000 miles a year and my rule of thumb is to do the hubs every 300 - 500 miles or so, and the bottom bracket twice a year. Works out to a hub overhaul about every other month. Both of these are more frequent than the suggested schedule. This is a very subjective opinion. A standard like "change your oil every 3000 miles" doesn't exist as far as I know, although here is a suggested one. Looks like there's something missing. The golden piece should go around the top of the black piece of the frame, and should clamp it tight without the two edges touching by the threadded bolt. Edit:- A google suggests these have telescopic seat posts, so silver piece is not just a static shim. The other possibility is your seat clamp may have stretched and is no longer providing enough clamping force. We've tried at the local bike coop, and nothing really works. A shim or boot on the inside helps but putting anything on the outside won't last. Even using rubber cement and a puncture plug (like a car tyre) doesn't stick very well because bike tyres are not very thick, so there is insufficient "meat" for the plug to bond to. If you make the plug longer, it becomes a spike aimed at your tube and pressing in every rotation. Grand total of $711. I've ridden this bike 7047 km in 15 months, so it cost me 10.1 cents per kilometre, or about $48 a month. I think if you want to save money, look into doing more of the maintenance yourself. Separate the cost of the parts from the cost of the labour to fit them. Bikes are relatively simple machines, and while some tasks require specialist tools, a basic toolkit can do a lot. Is there a second seat clamp (golden piece) missing, to go around the silver bit to hold it to the seat post proper ? A nicer bike tends to be nicer to ride, or faster, or better climbing. They still wear at about the same rates. Someone else might like to comment on tyre sweeper wires, but I've never used them and to my mind the damage is already done once your wheel has ridden over the sharp thing once. The silver piece looks like a shim or a spacer of some sort, and the seat and seatpole/post has not been pictured, but would go inside the silver tube.