Translated by me by courtesy of Andreas Eschbach 

According to the Vancouver Style "How-to" guide. 

Honestly, don't care too much, if they sound silly or not. First, you can change them, second, I've read some great stories with very silly named characters. In contrast to others here, I don't think specific edit questions are appropriate for this site, so I will answer your question in a general (do-it-yourself) way: 

This is a method from Andreas Eschbach. If you know German, read the original text. I will only summarise it here: 

If you want make up fantasy names and have no good idea how to start, here is what I do: 

So Sméagol, Gandalf and Bilbo Baggins do not sound silly? Then take your correction and read it aloud. Does it sound good? No? Change it! 

Your first draft is always (no matter if your name is Stephen King or Jakub Hampl) a big pile of shit! Yes, it is. Writing means re-writing. Again and again and again. Your approach is exactly how writing works. Plot down and loop through your refinement process. 

I've spent a decade of my life writing this script, now it will pay off. Hollywood I'm coming. (or: Hollywood is waiting.) 

The last step is comparing the new with the old version. If you find out, that you edited this paragraph to death, use the old version ;) Strike through the first paragraph of a scene from upper left to lower right. Think: Do you really need it? Often the first paragraph is used to "warming up" while writing. Could you put the info into later sections? Strike through all adjectives and adverbs Think: Can you use a more precise noun/verb instead using the adjectives/adverbs? Mark all dialog decorators (like he said, he replied, ...) with wavy lines. Think: Can you delete them without puzzling the user? Can you replace them with actions (instead of: "Are you sure?" asked Peter => use: "Are you sure?" Peter scratched his head. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.)? Mark filler words and imprecise words (some, quite, rather, several, few, ...) by drawing a box around them. Think: Normally you can just delete them or make them more precise (Only a few people ... => Only ten people ...) Cross out concurrency indicators (during, while, ...) Think: Often it could be better to write things that happen simultaneously in two different sentences: "She cried while he beat her." => "He beat her. She cried." Mark passive sentences with a small "P" above them. Think: Often the active form is better (more action): New Orleans was devastated by a hurricane. => The hurricane devastated New Orleans. Mark long sentences with an "L" above the sentence. Think: Make them shorter! No-one likes to read long sentences (except your English teacher in school maybe). Mark long dialogs with an "LD". Think: Can you shorten them or divide them into several parts? Mark indirect perception with a jagged line, like "watched" and "asked" in these examples: "He watched, how the woman crossed the street joining the spectators there. He asked himself, what was going on there." Think: Do you really need it? Why? Does this sound better: "He watched the spectators on the other side. Another woman crossed the street to join them. What was going on there?" Search paragraphs where you wrote the same thing with different wording. Mark it with wavy lines at the sheet margin: "She hit him a second time. Another time she stroke the club on his head." Think: This looks like you were searching for the right expression while writing. Nothing wrong with that, but only keep one of them. After you have done that, you have to edit your text according to these markings. Main goal: Deleting! Get rid of the crap!