Finally, to get a list of the narrators of Al-Bukhāri, the introduction of Hady as-Sārī Muqaddemat Fat'h al-Bārī, Ch. 6-10 (pp. 221-518), Ibn Hajar details all the narrators Al-Bukhāri used, partially used, or left out. This is a valuable read in Al-Jarh wa at-Ta'dīl, but way too long to include in an answer. As for Muslim, he used "agreed upon" to mean the agreement of Ahmad ibn Hanbal, Yahya ibn Ma'īn, 'Uthmān ibn Abi Shaiba, and Sa'īd ibn Mansūr al-Khorasāni. I do not know of a comprehensive list similar to that of Al-Bukhāri's, though. 

At the time, O Salman, people will do hajj to the Great Mosque [Mecca]: their kings for fun and picnic, their rich for trade, their needy for begging, and their readers for showing off and reputation. I think there is a misunderstanding of the hadith in question. The hadith you referred to is in Sahih Al-Bukhari without the mention of the Prophet ﷺ taking the sword, and is also documented in Riyad As-Salihin without a mention of the Prophet ﷺ putting the sword to the polytheist or that the polytheist accepted Islam. In both versions, the polytheist was released to go without being harmed or forced, and without accepting Islam. 

There are other hadiths that convey the same meaning with different wording, e.g., in Sunan an-Nasa'i 4068 (grade: Sahih) and Sunan Abi Dawud 4273 (grade: Sahih). — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: As you can see from the link, it is graded as weak (da'if). However, as you pointed out, Shiekh Al-Albani compiled this hadith in his Al-Silsilah Al-Shahiha book of authentic collections (Vol.1, Hadith 18). — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: 

Again, in the references of the source you provided in your question, there is no mention of "fair complexion and curly hair", same as the answer to your question What is the overall grade of this hadith describing people of paradise?. The Prophet (ﷺ) 'Abdullah ibn 'Abbas Ibrahim ibn Makhlad 'Abdel-Malik ibn 'Eid Sulaim ibn Muslim Ibrahim ibn Makhlad Mohammad ibn Abi Sho'aib Mohammad ibn Al-Hussain Al-Mu'afa ibn Zakaria This grades the hadith as very weak (da'eef jiddan) due to Sulaim ibn Muslim Al-Khashab, who used to fabricate hadith. 

Prayers, at any time in general, and at both start and end of the day and during the night in specific, also erase sins, as well as act as a deterrent of sinning: This version of the hadith is classified as very weak due to Mohammad ibn Humayd ibn Hayyān al-Tamīmi. The narration chain for this hadith is Salama ibn al-Fadl » Mohammad ibn Is-hāq » Mohammad ibn Humayd al-Tamīmi » Moḥammad ibn Jarīr al-Tabari. Ibn Humayd's hadiths are forsaken due to him being rejected by several scholars (e.g., 'Abdur-Rahmān ibn Yūsuf ibn Khirāsh Abu Hatim ar-Rāzi, Abu Zur'ā ar-Rāzi, Al-Fadl ibn al-'Abbās, Al-Nasā'i, Ibn Ya'qūb al-Juzajani, Is-hāq ibn Mansūr, Mohammad ibn Is-hāq ibn Khuzaima, Sālih ibn Mohammad Jazara, and others) as either not being trustworthy, making mistakes in narrations, lying, or any combination thereof.