Etiquette is a set of rules for how to behave rightly or wrongly that are generally understood to be less serious than moral rules. One way of making the distinction is to say that societies can differ radically in their rules of etiquette without any negative consequences, but not in their rules of morality; on this approach, rules of etiquette are defined as the rules that can vary among societies without any bad moral consequences. So, no society that allows punishing the innocent is a moral society, and such a society may not be a stable society. But one society can make it right to pass people on the right, and another society can make it right to pass people on the left, as a matter of etiquette, and it doesn't matter — all that matters is that there is some standard for how passing should work. Emotivists like Stevenson and Gibbard and Quasi-Realists like Blackburn are somewhat more sophisticated than this, but those are the basic positions. Kant works around Hume's problem by focusing on the idea of rationality. He argues that it is rational to act out of respect for duty and to respect rationality wherever it occurs. That is, his ending point is clearly at ought-statements, like that we ought to act out of respect for duty. The question is whether his starting point is merely descriptive—about what "is." 

Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. I haven't done a more detailed search for you, but here's a suggestive starting point: At this point (February 2014), among the top 20 citations for his top 20 most-cited works, I don't find any philosophy publications listed as citing those works of his. However, you would need to dig deeper to get a fuller answer. 

There's no doubt that science is a wonderful tool for providing us with information about many things. That it would have a lot to say about well being of humans is unsurprising. And it's not fully objective, either; that's just the behavior that the universe rewards with continued existence. Nor is it clear that it's enough to build a comprehensive morality. But, from what I've seen, it's about as far as one can get when leaning on science alone. We're big enough boys and girls now, technologically, that we can royally mess up our sandbox. Treating morality as self-centered interactions between individuals without considering our wider impact misses what is now a very important impact of humans on other humans. (To be determined: should that also fall under morality, or should there be a second set of rules? If a second set, how do you adjudicate when morality and conservation give different answers?) 

If morality is to be about humans at all, and if existence is better than non-existence, your morality had better not ever recommend a course of action that leads to extinction of humans. It's really easy to define an objective morality, actually. It's just really difficult to justify it. Here's an objective morality: that which takes humans further away from the center of the earth is good. That which takes them closer is bad. (So, obviously, we ought all live as high as we can on mountains, and treat scuba diving as a grievous sin.) So, science is an awesome tool, and we can apply it to help us answer questions of morality, but it doesn't tell us that the metric should be "human well-being" any more than it tells us it should be "distance from the earth's core". To expand a little further: my usual sources for these sorts of questions have not been as helpful as usual. Wikipedia summarizes the content, but has only a very sparse coverage of critiques and modern perspective. IEP covers Nietzsche in great depth, but barely mentions On the Genealogy of Morals. SEP has an article on Nietzsche's moral and political philosophy, but the discussion is so mixed between On the Genealogy of Morals and other works that I can scarcely recognize any of the Genealogy in it; this nonetheless makes me wonder whether when viewed as a whole the works of Nietzsche paint a clearer picture of which G.M. is an essential part. And in every case, the focus is more on what he said than was it true; a discussion or defense of the latter is what I am most sorely lacking because so often, even when attempting to take Nietzsche's use of terms like "aristocrat" into account, his claims seem so often blatantly wrong that I wonder why G.M. continues to be viewed with more than historical interest. Or maybe it is merely historical interest. Or maybe most everyone agrees that it was in large part blatantly wrong, but it was blatantly wrong in such interestingly different ways than intuitively obvious yet actually wrong views that came before (and keep arising) that it has value as sort of a buffer, a counter-narrative that undermines a tempting yet misleading view of human morality. 

Principles are rules. In ethics, they are rules about right and wrong action, like “If a person is innocent, it is wrong to punish him/her (or, you should not punish him/her).” 

And second, though it would take much more time, you could glance and see whether at least some those mentions are generally positive, and most say something other than “it's rubbish.” Philosophers routinely criticize philosophers they respect and declare them wrong, so only some kinds of criticism signal lack of respect, and the existence of citations is a good measure of respect. But philosophers also occasionally also cite publications as part of arguing that certain positions or arguments are rubbish and not respectable, so the existence of citations is not a perfect measure. 

I haven't done a more detailed search for you, but here's a suggestive starting point: At this point (February 2014), among the top 20 citations for his top 20 most-cited works, I don't find any philosophy publications listed as citing those works of his. However, you would need to dig deeper to get a fuller answer. The other main kind of argument I know of starts from the idea that species mixing is unnatural. There are two problems with most variations on this argument: I think Philippa Foot's "Morality as a System of Hypothetical Imperatives" offers a nice revised understanding of how one might orient Ethics around the Categorical Imperatives Kant describes. But it rejects core ideas of Kant's about categorical imperatives, like that they all have the same meaning and that they have the force of necessity Kant seemingly thought they have (Kant's thinking about this being a matter of some debate).