Considering that, positive maxims generally have more content and less ambiguity. "Allow any other the freedom to live" works better than "Don't kill" because it is about the freedom to live, and gives more handhold to the reasons for euthanasia, suicide, etc. It naturally raises the questions 'is insanity freedom?', 'can one choose to relinquish choice?' The closed form given by negation loses the motivation. 

But your path to there does not fit with common intuitions of space or time. And our pure intuitions of space have their own drawbacks, too, and we adapt them rather than discarding them. 

Language changes reality into something we can handle, and in the process, guarantees that we actually handle nothing else without layering it in language. There is no point in choosing only one of these domains to exist. 

When they are 'loas', Vodou is magic, when they are 'Saints', it is religion. When a Sunni cleric writes a verse on a special slate and cleans it with appropriate reverence in order to shorten the term of a disease it is magic to more 'modernized' Muslims, but proper religious devotion to some ultra-Orthodox Muslims. When a Christian Astrologer casts your chart and believes in the influence of Mars on you that week, it is magic. But it is the remnant of a genuine religion, in which that person, to some degree, still believes (even if they need a big dose of Jungian psychology to wash it down with). 

From a Kantian point of view it may be that all we can know of things like space and time and color is their fundamental nature. We may never know all the ways nature interacts with or causes us to experience those things, but the fundamental nature of those things is an aspect of ourselves and not of nature. 

Monotheistic 'Manicheanism' from time to time invades those cultures and turns all such relativistic Magic into Satanism and Witchcraft, or into 'superstition' (while protecting itself, somehow, from being similarly identified, though it is belief in something standing above reality, which is the etymology of the word). But that is a very local interpretation, and it does not even apply to large swaths of the major monotheistic religions outside strict orthodoxies. 

As Quine points out in discussing Natural Kinds, were it a phenomenon, it could not be observed without assuming it. You cannot observe a consistency without comparing two things that are not identical and declaring them to be the same.