Since our sensory organs have no built in stability, we compensate for our own movement and scanning behaviors through visualization. From that point of view, the difference is just in how much external stimuli shape the layer of dream projection that enables your perception of stability in your environment. About 2) Feyerabend would say yes, but he is kind of alone in insisting all demarcation criteria are ultimately flawed, and we just shouldn't choose one. From most normal perspectives, science has to be sort of democratic in the sense that it can be reasonably understood by everyone with a given level of intelligence. The first English translator (Common) thought that this notion of 'science' was alien enough to ours, and enough closer to the usage in 'Wisdom Literature' that he translated it 'Wisdom' -- giving the work the title "Joyous Wisdom". But other choices he made were so bad that most folks now use a more literal translation throughout, including the title. One point of contention is how much ontological commitment is really there. Just because I can write down some things doesn't mean that I can write down an arbitrarily huge amount of things. Or maybe I can write them down, but I thereby might destroy things I wrote down earlier. (2) Why are simple explanations likely to be correct? Or, less ambitiously: what properties must reality have for Occam’s Razor to “work”? Often the things we can be pretty certain of are ontological commitments. Even so I only read that paper in order to be entitled to answer this question, I think the paper is really worth reading even if you don't want to answer any question. It's easy to read, covers much ground, and even sketches the proofs for some non-obvious theorems. But is it relevant to philosophy? Well, it is an honest attempt to address an audience of philosophers and tries to reduce (or show how it might be possible to reduce) the gap between theory and reality in certain areas. The principle is internally inconsistent as a metaphysical principle: not all notions of 'general' can be equally objective, because we are someplace, and that place really will have some idiosyncratic properties. And picking and choosing which ones are most objective, just to favor the chosen explanations of our own physics, would violate the principle itself. Our place would be special in that it allowed us to truly see what was and was not special about it from experimental data. 2) I have just lost one of my own Retrievers, and when I walk the remaining dog, the walks are interrupted by long, obsessive tracking of trails left by the now-absent dog. You can tell this is focussed on that specific dog because, if the searching dog is left to pursue them, these searches often lead back to our own yard, to a specific spot, presumably one where the dead dog urinated, despite the fact we are surrounded by neighbor dogs. Analysis does not need to be informative if there is always another kind of knowledge for it to act upon. why we assume there is a remainder, whether we can even know of the existence of a remainder, and whether, if we are sure we can't know, it is more logical to just assume there is none. As I see it Tegmark is just proposing the exact opposite of the Kantian notion of noumena in an indirect form. Kind of by definition, even for Kant, the nature of noumena is an unresolvable question. If we relied logically upon noumena for any real purpose other than inspiration, our inability to access them would contradict the idea that we are fully capable of becoming intelligences and doing things like acting morally.