Should Hero have called villain's pre-flop raise, re-raised, or folded? The only thing you can do is call. You've labelled Villian as tight-aggressive and he's made a small reraise after you've opened under the gun. This is a fairly strong sign of strength. Let's look at your options: 1) Did you find my thought on flop reasonable of calling? Yes, absolutely. You should only tend to count backdoor outs as 1 out though. Giving yourself 3 extra outs for a backdoor flush draw is a little too generous. Apart from that your calculation was perfect. He gave you a great price to call and if you pair your King/Queen or hit your gutshot on the turn you'll likely have the best hand. EDIT: Also, I want to point out that if you're at the point where the whole table thinks your so much of a rock/nit that you have to fold an overpair like KK on this board because they're only playing back at you with better, then you're doing something wrong. This is an iterative process. As you gain more information, solid or intuitive, on the population you can tweak your readless starting hand ranges accordingly. Your best bet is to sit down with a tool like Pokerstove or Equilab and craft some starting hand ranges that you think are reasonable. This changes drastically if you can't label your opponent as tight-aggressive. If he is even remotely loose, I'd be getting it in with QQ on K52 rainbow every time, every day. I'd never be folding. You are giving people too much credit. There's nothing wrong with bet-folding. There will be tons of times where it's the most profitable option. You'll make way more money here by either reraising on the flop or betting the turn/river when checked to than you do by playing it passively. Take a step back and think what leading out accomplishes. You simply fold out {AQ, AJs, QQ-99} a certain amount of the time (how often is dependent on how tight he is) and you valuetown yourself against {KK+, AK}. It's unlikely that Villian will fold to any flop bet with QQ, apart from a jam, and especially not against a $30 bet into a $73 pot. That means you will have to barrel the turn to push him off his hand which I just can't see happening with such short stacks. And that would be a terrible line to take as his range is very strong. You might as well just hand him your stack. The main point here is that of information hiding. Each time you have to make a decision, there will be multiple actions you can take. Check, call, raise, check/raise, check/fold, check/call, etc. To make it harder for opponents to figure out what you're taking each action with, you need to split your ranges so that each action is balanced. If you ALWAYS slowplay strong value and just check/call, check/call, check/shove all the time, your opponent is obviously going to know that your check/raises on the flop are weak. As such, you'll be highly exploitable. His small donk-bet on the flop is super weak. The turn is a complete blank. When he checks to you, betting is far superior to checking. Far, far superior. You have so much fold equity here and you don't have a made hand. It's unlikely that your King high is good right now — I'd say his range is more weighted to 8x, 7x, and draws — and even if it is, as is the case if he has a draw, he's still got a lot of equity. If you bet $0.16-$0.18 here, Villian will fold a ton of the time. If he check-calls, you go into the river as the aggressor, with a fair amount of outs that can come to improve your hand significantly, and, if he checks a blank river like the 6h, you can decide whether to barrel again or check behind, depending on how weighted towards 8x/7x you think his range is. If he check-raises the turn, you can comfortably fold knowing he has your hand beat.