In 1 Corinthians 5:7, Paul refers to Jesus as "Christ, our Passover", suggesting that the Passover of Exodus somehow foreshadowed the life of Jesus. There's actually a really cool song that goes through all of the books of the Bible, telling how Jesus is revealed in each. (I have to admit, though, I've never tried to answer a question with a song before.) When He was born, He was given the name of Jesus (The Lord saves) because He Himself was the Lord who was saving His people from their sins. Later in Matthew, Jesus arrives in Nazareth, and he is rejected there because that is where he grew up, and people refused to believe he was anything special. They specifically say that we know his father (who was actually only his stepfather), his mother Mary, and four named brothers. When Jesus prays in John 17, He mentions the glory He had with the Father before the world began. In Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, He is God, man, Messiah. When Mary conceived, the eternal Son of God became flesh and entered into the physical universe. That act did not require that He become sinful. He retained His holiness, as He is the same yesterday, today and forever. Also, the idea that Jesus would not have a strong opinion on the subject, merely because He Himself was the product of a miraculous conception, ignores the Biblical teaching that Jesus was Himself the eternal Son of God who took on flesh 2,000 years ago. The Son of God, through whom all things were created, certainly has a strong opinion on truth and morality. Paul refers to someone named "James" whom he refers to as "the Lord's brother". These appear to be just two of the many convincing proofs Luke mentions in the first chapter of Acts: So, no, Jesus was not merely a spirit. His resurrection was a bodily resurrection. However, just as before the resurrection, He was Lord of Creation and could do miraculous things. However, is there anything in the Old Testament that indicates the time in history in which He would come, or is it just "some time in the future"? There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? I have seen Christians just gloss over this, romanticize about it, make it fairy tale or flat out deny it. Aside from Jesus healing people, this appears to me as the biggest supernatural event in the Gospel: Other people rising from the dead, out of graves! Are there any more details about what happened here? I was surprised just by the fact that he mentioned "cosmic energy" and wasn't knocking it but rather comparing it in a positive light. (Side thought: if the opposition theory was true of a Roman soldier being his father and keeping it secret for Mary's life - then it would make sense how his facial and bodily features are usually portrayed)