Does adding review button in the post make sense? I think we should not flag any link only answer as not an answer. But if it actually formats the table (just format it as code) like this: I disagree with this idea because normally off-topic questions (say programming) are closed within 5 minutes and it is deleted within 30 minutes. So creating a new review queue for this just seems like a waste of time. Sometimes, when I open any question, I found some answers which are link only or commentary to other posts. So I comment manually which is used in Low Quality Post Review. But I can not Recommend Deletion. So I suggest to add review button in each post(for 2K+ users only) (something like close button in question for 3K+ users.) 

If a suggested edit is just a cosmetic edit like this: 

It should be also in other reviews pages. (i.e. Review First Posts like this:) Just select one of the options on the previous dialog: The second icon down shows the markdown differences. 

Without (potentially) expensive polling of the database while the page is displayed the only time the system knows that the edit has been approved/rejected is when you hit the button. If the moderator who sees the flag is feeling generous and the "answer" is a good comment they may even convert it to such despite the fact the user doesn't have enough reputation. On Stack Overflow this is rare though. This should show what you want as it shows exactly what each user typed, including the markdown syntax, rather than the rendered output. The fact that "Not Sure" doesn't increment the review count discourages people from clicking that perfectly valid option. The moderators can then decide whether it's really that important that the close reason is "corrected". If the question can be salvaged then it may help by having an appropriate close reason - but if the question can be salvaged then you (well maybe not you personally, but someone) should have done the necessary edits anyway and at that point the question will appear in the re-open queue. 

It should be also in other reviews pages. (i.e. Review First Posts like this:) 

If a suggested edit is just a cosmetic edit like this: Does adding review button in the post make sense? I disagree with this idea because normally off-topic questions (say programming) are closed within 5 minutes and it is deleted within 30 minutes. So creating a new review queue for this just seems like a waste of time. I think we should not flag any link only answer as not an answer. 

Sometimes, when I open any question, I found some answers which are link only or commentary to other posts. So I comment manually which is used in Low Quality Post Review. But I can not Recommend Deletion. So I suggest to add review button in each post(for 2K+ users only) (something like close button in question for 3K+ users.) 

Rank SecurityID FundID Value 1 23 A 5 2 43 A 4 3 44 A 3 1 72 B 8 2 75 B 7 3 76 B 2 1 83 C 5 

But if it actually formats the table (just format it as code) like this: The second icon down shows the markdown differences. I suppose another "Other" option on the second dialog might be useful. It would still cast a normal "off topic" vote (no migration) but it would allow us to capture where people think suitable off topic questions should migrated without people resorting to flags. If the moderator who sees the flag is feeling generous and the "answer" is a good comment they may even convert it to such despite the fact the user doesn't have enough reputation. On Stack Overflow this is rare though. Without (potentially) expensive polling of the database while the page is displayed the only time the system knows that the edit has been approved/rejected is when you hit the button. That way people won't be tempted to vote up just to get the increment in the view count. Only select the "This question belongs on an other site" option if it really does belong somewhere else, and then only if it belongs on one of the sites in the list. I admit it's not ideal that you have to select that further option to find the list.