You can follow the logic in the comments below: If not, replace the chain, taking care to join the links more carefully this time. Third, yes, it is possible that the chain is still in good shape after 3200km if you are a lightweight rider, who tends toward spinning rather than heavy gear use, and who maintains the bike well. This sounds like a stiff or separated link in your chain. There are other options, but this would be easy to eliminate, and a likely cause. Yes. Any local bike shop should have them in stock, and they should cost no more than 5 dollars. You need to know the brand and type of your chain. (i.e. Shimano 10 speed or Campag 11 speed) If you know the model (i.e. Ultegra or Dura Ace Shimano, that is a bonus. This type of problem has 5 likely causes, listed in order of elimination. There is pulley wear as discussed in option #3, but not to a major degree. 2) You bent the derailleur hanger or derailleur cage when removing or cleaning. More likely than #1, and easy to test. You do not say how you went from jammed and not moving to moving and not driving - was there a bang/crack/snap involved? Check the chain line though the front end. Is the chain clear of the derailleur and sitting properly on the chain ring. At a guess, you suffered chain suck where the chain got stuck between the smaller chain-ring and the frame, or you dropped the chain between the rear cassette and spokes. The forces you then used have possibly been more than the QR skewers could handle and the rear wheel slipped in its mount. The weird force is the tire rubbing the frame. There are a few things that can be wrong, and based on what you said, you probably now have more than one fault. You need to isolate parts to find out what it is. Most of the of these checks can be done almost instantly without removing anything. The chain will get in the way - you won't need to remove it though. What type of chain - Shimano have chain connector pins for exactly this task for many of their chains. Note the pin must exactly match the chain. If you have a length of the same chain (I always keep the left overs when I put ion a new chain) break the chain again and remake the chain with the leftovers. Yes, you need to replace the crank arm, if tightening the bolt does not make it 100% solid again. No doubt the crank arm had been loose for days, and had you tightened it earlier you might have "saved" it. However, if you were to measure very carefully you probably could detect some slight additional friction due to the increasingly poor fit between chain and cog tooth. The teeth are very carefully designed to engage the chain evenly, and a worn chain will cause additional friction as the chain slides onto the drive sprocket or off the driven sprocket. (Note that you should be pushing the pin in the direction opposite of how you inserted it.) I generally use a chain washer system about once a season (and when I was commuting regularly I'd use it about once a month). Others do more, less, or none at all. One important thing to do, after lubing, is to use a rag to wipe the outside of the chain. This removes a lot of grime and also removes excess lube that will attract more grime.