Even beyond the women, Jesus takes the good and the bad. Yes, David was good and Solomon was wise - but Manesseh's evil was equally on display. Being God, it is not just "an accident of nature." God chose each and every one of these - good and bad alike - to be his forefathers and foremothers. He came to seek and save everyone. He came to seek and save the lost. Because, as 1 Corinthians 6:18 says, 

And, of course, you have the Episcopalians, who are basically Catholics in everything but the Pope. They may stress their independence from Rome, but if you attend an Episcopal service, as a Catholic, you'll feel very much at home. 

In choosing "equality with God as not something to be grasped," then indeed, God is giving up the powers of Godhood, if not its nature. God is who he is - a loving person who desires to be loved by his creation. It is his nature to love his people more than he loves his own power. It is that understanding (amongst other things) of a God who loves rather than subjgates his own that makes the Gospel such truly Good News. 

Gregory of Nyssa's book The Life of Moses is, if nothing else, a very interesting read. He goes through Moses' account in Exodus and ascribes spiritual meanings to every little detail, although it is doubtful that any of them would pass muster in a pulpit today. 

The biggest issue that divides most Protestants isn't theology or Scripture, but rather church governance. 

In contrast, Methodists have Bishops and dicoeses, and a person who (at least in theory) can reassign priests amongst churches at his will and discretion. 

Here's the idea - these were not all the pure Queens and noble Kings that the world looks upon. Prompted by the Holy Spirit, Matthew included some awfully shady seeming characters. Why? Because the God who became Man came for precisely this kind of person! Jesus was a King - he was descended from David. But he was not aloof. He came to seek and save even people like this! 

The Greek for "emptied himself" is kenosis, now a general theological term for the concept of God choosing to not allow himself the rights and powers of godhood. Kenosis allows for such things as Jesus "being surprised" when power goes out of him (the Syro-Phoenician woman), not "knowing the day or the hour" of his own return, and in general choosing not to exercise any of the things he could do as God. 

Historically, Jesus referred to the Scripture as "the Law and the Prophets," referencing a common idiom of the time. Of these, 

Historical events that have miraculous involvement: 

τῇ δεήσει μετὰ εὐχαριστίας = in petition with thanksgiving. The question with all of this then is the degree to which a reader ascribes historicity to a narrative. Keep in mind that prior to Thuycidides, even the very notion of a story that attempts to merely describe historical events (while still making a point) wasn't really even an idea, and you'll see why there is controversy. People can argue hermeneutics (the science of how a text should be interpreted) and archeology all day long - the fact is that there is a choice that must be made a priori, and understanding the implications of that for one's theology is the real heart of the matter. There is a spectrum of literal biblical reading, but basically it boils down to the degree to which one believes in the historicity (in the modern sense) of the Bible. As one who is probably more literal than most, I would suggest there are a few categories in which to consider the question: 

Primarily, Protestant identity stems from a reliance on personal interpretation of Scripture (and hence a rejection of Papal infallibaility, no matter how awesome Francis might be), and a stress on what a Protestant would probably call "orthodoxy" over against sacrementalism. But again, even these differences can be seen as outgrowths of a rejection of governance, moreso than theology. 

Beast = the flesh of Christ’s incarnation The priest and the Levite = the priesthood and ministry of the Old Testament The meaning is pretty obvious in context. 

Very few scholars would now argue that there was no King David. Very few also doubt that there was a big Philistine named Goliath whom he killed. The question is typically along the lines of, "Was he really just a boy with a sling?" As a literalist who believes that God does intervene in history, I tend to view this as an actual event that occurs more or less as the Bible describes it. Could it have been four stones in his pouch instead of five? For me, that would be an irrelevant detail - for an inerrantist it would be a requirement. For a liberal, the entire story was probably an embellishment after a real knock down, drag out battle, and the details grew in the retelling.