"Show your faith by your works" We need to show our faith by our action. We need to prove to others that we have faith, and that can be done only by works. For faith without work is dead, it is an incomplete faith and in fact, it is not faith at all. Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come. The way of the world, connoted as the "Highway to Hell", is an easy to choose broad way. It is so easy to find it. The way of this world is everywhere; immorality, ungodliness, waywardness etc. are all around us. In fact, you don't even have to search the "Highway to Hell" because it's all around you. If don't want to follow Jesus Christ and carry your own cross, you have already chosen to go through the Highway to Hell. The Catholic Church believes that unbaptized infants go to Heaven. Single vs. Double Predestination Look at the quotes under "unconditional election" above. Augustine speaks passively about the non-elect. God witholds the grace of election, but is not actively reprobating. Contrast this with Calvin on reprobation: On The Predestination of the Saints, ch. 16 Here are some specific quotes of Augustine's, as they relate to some of the points of Calvinism: The largest difference is that Augustine held to single predestination (God chooses the elect, but does not actively reprobate anyone - he simply "passes over" them), while Calvin held to double predestination (God choose the elect to salvation, and the reprobate to damnation). There is some speculation that because Jesus is the only way to the Father, OT saints were kept in a comfortable "holding place" (cf. Abraham's bosom in the parable of the rich man), and that when Jesus died he joined them and brought them with him to heaven On The Predestination of the Saints, Ch. 13 (In saying, "He ascended," what does it mean but that he had also descended into the lower regions, the earth? He who descended is the one who also ascended far above all the heavens, that he might fill all things.) The Catholic Church believes that unbaptized infants go to Heaven. "Show your faith by your works" We need to show our faith by our action. We need to prove to others that we have faith, and that can be done only by works. For faith without work is dead, it is an incomplete faith and in fact, it is not faith at all. What good is it, my brothers and sisters, if someone claims to have faith but has no deeds? Can such faith save them? Suppose a brother or a sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but does nothing about their physical needs, what good is it? In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead. But someone will say, “You have faith; I have deeds.” Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by my deeds.