It makes no sense to say that a piece of pottery made in 1484 is "medieval", while an identical vessel made by the same potter in the same workshop in 1487 is "post-medieval". Similarly, a bowl made in 1835 may, technically, be "Georgian", while an identical bowl made by the same potter in 1839 may, technically, be "Victorian", but those distinctions would be meaningless. In any case, unless they inscribed the date on the vessel, how would we actually know exactly when it was made? 

Sir Steven Runciman's verdict on King Richard I was that he was 

Most texts were written by men of the Church (which brings us back to those "traditional structures of authority and knowledge" I mentioned above). Given the depredations of Viking raiders against Christian Abbeys and Monasteries, it is probably not surprising that they were rarely reported in a positive light. In all probability, few had even heard of the Norse sagas, even fewer thought they were worth recording. Because their settlements were ultimately unsuccessful, the story was simply lost. 

The problem here is one of definitions, and there are many, overlapping, definitions of archaeological periods in use. 

Anothe Islamic historian, Ibn Al-Athir, said: 

When I was studying the archaeology of Cyprus at Birkbeck in the late 1990s I wrote a paper on opiate use in the ancient Eastern Mediterranean. I've summarised many of the salient points from that paper (with a few updated links) below: 

No, he didn't manage to conquer the Duchy (at least, not until after Richard's death). 

Richard continued with the crusade, eventually coming to terms with Saladin and signing a treaty in September 1192. Richard left the Holy Land a month later. 

The Short Version There were two agreements: 

Hopefully others can add answers which cover other recreational drugs in other geographic regions in the ancient and medieval world. 

Roger Bacon was a Franciscan friar and philosopher in thirteenth century England. He is probably best known as being the first person in Europe to record the formula of gunpowder. He emphasised the study of nature through empiricism and was one of the earliest European advocates of the "scientific method" inspired by Aristotle. As such, we can probably reasonably classify him as an early scientist. 

Modern historians take a wider view. While few would argue that Richard was a "good king" by any objective standard, most would certainly agree that he was much better than John. 

The conquest of Normany that you referred to in the question actually happened under Richard's successor, King John. John has a good claim to the title of England's worst ever king (and there's some stiff competition!). 

Philip in Normandy ================== 

The key thing to remember here is that these are categories for classifying material culture. People didn't suddenly start using different pottery, or buttons, or brooches, etc., just because the medieval period had ended, any more than they did when there was a change of monarch.