This is a textbook problem set, so it's reasonable to expect a few possibilities that all work out. In a real debate, someone might take the time to clarify this. Edit: To answer your question, the textbook is not asking for "the missing premise" in that they're not asking you to develop the most perfect argument possible, then identify which premise isn't there. They're just looking for an assumption. It doesn't have to be the most complete, it just has to be something there. There's also plenty of arguments that you cannot always apply rational thought to the actions of the sane, but that's another beast. Proving the negative is impossible in many paradigms, especially in science. In particular, any philosophy which derives from Empiricism runs into trouble proving a negative because one would have to experience everything in the universe to prove that something is not there. Consider that it was "impossible" to violate Bell's inequalities until Quantum Physics experimentally proved that you could.* If one wishes to prove the negative, it often calls for ontological truths which go beyond empiricism, such as those religions often contain. Just off hand, "there is no way to the father except through me" from Christianity comes to mind, but there's examples in every religion. I think the fallacy is something along the lines of: Your [5] is technically a valid choice of a missing premise, but it would be a hard to defend one without taking a step back and arguing for missing premise [4]. The authors just skipped past the step you took, and went straight for what is traditionally taught as a bad life lesson. We generally try to teach our children money is not essential to self-esteem, so they felt they could get away with claiming that was the missing premise... it was simply more of a slam dunk. EDIT: It is, however, an effective way of distancing ones self from the actions of another. It attempts to make the claim "normal people can't possibly ever think this way," reinforcing any desire the speaker has to convince themselves that they are better than that, and would never do such a thing. Now, if enough others agree with the work (potentially running their own experiments), the model Mendel proposed becomes the accepted theory, overturning Pp, and prevailing at least until someone starts playing with multiple alleles and publishes their own work. Let's presume Mendel was a modern scientist, perhaps a grad student. His adviser had noticed that Pp just didn't feel right in a few interesting corner cases, so had Mendel do a quick screening test. Sure enough, Pp felt off. The proportions were off by a long shot. In fact, it looked like a 3:1 ratio in some situations, not a 1:1 ratio that Pp claimed would be found. Mendel then develops his new theory of genes (rules L, in your phrasing) which predicts a 3:1 ratio. Now he needs to "prove" it. To do so, he sets up an experiment and makes a hypothesis H1: