One thing that really helped was that I started taking him to Boy Scouts. They are a very inclusive organization and make an effort to get everyone involved. He gets more outdoor / exercise, makes friends and Scouting has done really good things for his character, especially his sense of responsibility. 

Talk to his teachers, maybe they will be able to make changes that will make him feel safer. If it were me I'd start with the principal and ask him what measures were in place to deal with bullying in school. If he has a good answer, make sure your son knows what help is available to him. If there is nothing in place to help him, raise h**l. You are, and must be, your son's greatest advocate. There is no excuse for a school which doesn't address this issue. None. 

We decided to compromise, by "rewarding" him with a substantial gift that we would have been inclined to give him anyway. That happened to be a smart phone, and it has worked out very well for the most part. Because it is a gift that he uses all the time, not wanting to have it taken away, even for a short time, is a big motivator. 

Aside from the self discipline and physical and martial training, one benefit kids can get from martial training is that it reduces the trauma of physical violence. Children who grow up tussling with their siblings have healthier attitudes about and reactions to physical conflicts. There's a good article about that here: http://www.todaysparent.com/family/parenting/roughhousing-aggressive-or-constructive-behaviour/ 

Is he still teething? Babies tend to bite things as their teeth are coming through, as it helps with the utterly weird sensation of something forcing its way out from inside their jaw. 

The final point is that a 4-year old talking constantly, no matter how out-of-control it may seem, is neither unusual nor particularly troubling. "Never loses interest and continually switches to any random topic" sounds far more average to me than "pestering parents on a topic until they answer or you lose interest." 

Respecting their thoughts and opinions is right, the same way you do with everyone you disagree with. But it's possible to respect them and still be the one in charge. 

Try and remember that at 4 years old he's encountering new stuff all the time, a lot of which makes no sense at all to him, and you are his main source of information, and pretty much his only safe place in which to question this stuff. 

Finally, work out whether you're doing this because you're worried about his development (which is what I've focused here), or because it's a source of stress for you to be dealing with him. 

In other words, it's the difference between saying "the way you are feeling is wrong" (bad), and "the way you are behaving is wrong"(good). Everyone's seen (and to at least some extent been) the parent who gets angry at the fact that their child is obeying the rule in a sulky way. It's a challenge, and it's easy to respond to that challenge in kind. Good parenting is about not indulging in whatever behaviour your child is indulging in. As long as they're still doing the right thing, you can accept that they're annoyed about it. 

The main thing is, it is not wrong for them to be annoyed at restrictions. You don't get angry at being challenged and demand that they be silent and "respect your authority". You simply exert that authority. 

Kids, just like adults, want to "be cool", to have fun and to have something they can share with their friends. TV, video games, pro wrestling, whatever. And the parts they want to talk about/reenact are going to be the ones that they find most fun or exciting. 

Think back to the last action movie you saw (for me it was probably Avengers or something similar). If you got to reenact any scene from the movie, what would you want to do? The scene where two characters stand in a room and talk for a couple of minutes? Or the one where Iron Man and Thor are flying around, dodging lasers and shooting aliens? If it were me, I'd want to pretend to blow stuff up, because it's fun and exciting. Standing around and talking? That's normal and I do it every day. Why would I want to spend my play time doing something boring I do all the time? 

To sum up, they are just being kids and want to have fun doing exciting things. And they haven't messed up enough yet to know when actions are potentially going do lead to undesirable consequences. 

I, in turn, used to use that same technique to keep my brothers in line, even after they grew taller and heavier than me. I trained myself to be completely non-ticklish. It was a way I could keep them in line without being punished by my parents. It wasn't until I got a lot older and more reflective that I realized what I had been doing, and what had been done to me. 

I wouldn't worry too much about the violence aspect yet. Kids go through stages and as long as you can channel his obsession with violence into healthier outlets you shouldn't need to worry. My son is currently obsessed with WWII and soldiers and Nazism and has decided he wants to go into the military. That got started because we started watching Hogan's Heroes, so his idea of what war and Nazis are is decidedly unrealistic. 

If he is being bullied at school, of course he is going to fantasize about a world where he is strong and tough and in control. This is normal, and is no unhealthier than a world where kids are bullied and have no advocates in the teachers who should be looking out for that. I'm sorry your son's school isn't doing a better job. The school my kids went to was outstanding in that regard. Zero tolerance for intolerance, and "bully awareness" in every grade. I took every opportunity I could to tell them how much I appreciated the job they were doing. Both my husband and I suffered a great deal of bullying in our childhoods because the schools were either ignorant or indifferent to the problem, and we are both so grateful that our children are being spared that.