Steam not correctly closing when you shut down your PC Another thing that is mentioned in the Steam forums, is allowing Steam to verify all of its files and then closing Steam properly (rather than letting Windows kill it as it shuts down). What you'd do here is wait however long it normally takes to verify files and get into the main Steam interface, and then close Steam with the menu option (or system tray icon) before restarting it. After restarting in this manner, the file verification window shouldn't appear, since Steam would have properly closed all of its files when it exited. Anti Virus/Internet Security applications This issue can be exacerbated by anti-virus/internet security applications blocking Steam from doing what it wants to and reading all of Steam's files as the Steam application attempts to verify them. Try adding exceptions in these applications for your Steam folder and restart Steam to see if this resolves your issue. If the window appears every single time you start up Steam, you're probably experiencing an issue with Steam realising it has updated. There are a variety of things you can do in order to try and resolve error 51/Load 3:0000065432; As an alternative to running msconfig to force Safe Mode with Networking, it is possible to achieve the same effect by pressing F8 at the correct point during Windows startup (just before the Windows logo first appears, after the power on self test has completed). There are many suggestions on how to fix this problem over in this thread on the Audio Surf forums but what it seems to come down to is the following; Performing a partial reinstall (keeping your games) If you're certain this is not an issue with your anti-virus/internet security application and you haven't opted in to the beta, you can try one of the following to see if it resolves your problem: This window is displayed while the update is installed or verification process is running to provide feedback to you (the user) that something is actually happening, rather than staying completely silent, leading you to think that the application hasn't started. It could also just be that in the year or so since you've last used Steam on this computer it needs to download a sizeable update, which could take some time. The Steam updater can leave itself in a position where it looks like it's doing nothing but may require just a little patience before it springs back into life. Restart your computer Browse to your Steam folder Run Steam.exe to reinstall the game This will essentially reinstall Steam without requiring you to redownload all of your games or losing any of your locally stored settings. You could also try reinstalling Windows if you're certain this isn't a heat related problem, and see if that fixes it. If not you could strip out MSCONFIG and uninstall any applications you don't use anymore, so there is less running when you're playing games. The recommendations over at the Steam forums are to allow Steam to finish updating while running Windows in Safe Mode - presumably some background application (like a third party firewall or antivirus program) is preventing Steam from updating in these instances. Some driver is failing. Disconnecting unnecessary hardware might get it to run a bit longer, then let you add stuff back one at a time. Try unplugging all printers and things like that, close any background programs like MSN and uTorrent while you play games and see if that improves your situation. Finally one other solution that I haven't come across before is using a utility called TCPView to close the connection from Steam during the update process, after it has stalled. This is detailed here in this Steam forum post and involves using a free Microsoft Sysinternals application called TCPView. The details on how to achieve this are as follows; To restart your computer in Safe Mode with Networking support you can do the following; It's worth noting that this is a well discussed issue with no official solutions available, there are plenty of different suggestions on how this can be fixed though and some of these work for some of the people experiencing the problem some of the time, so you'll want to try all of them if you really want to stop Steam from verifying every time you start it. Opt out of Steam beta If you are a member of the Steam beta program, it might be worthwhile opting out of the beta program and reverting to a previous version of Steam (it should do this automatically) to see if this resolves your problem. Ensure that your Steam installation location and/or library location only contain alphanumeric characters. It is also worth noting that AudioSurf does not use CEG, so you can move the AudioSurf folder out of your steamapps folder to another location on your hard drive and run it from there.