I now know that children need to learn to self-regulate or calm themselves independent of adult intervention. Learning this skill early is important for later emotional development and even supports problem solving. At http://www.jacn.org/content/17/4/308.full.pdf+html is an excellence research-based review of reflux and its treatment. The Avent Naturally Feeding Bottle is available in a variety of flow rates. It is an excellent nipple for oral motor development. It often works well for breastfed babies and they have soft spout cups that work well for transitioning to cup drinking later. I'm not sure what flow rate nipple you are presently using, but you might try going to a slower flow rate if possible to make your baby work harder since the hypothesis is that bottle feeding is easier than the breast. For a 9 month old, this will include exploration of their environment through physical manipulation, trial and error, and problem solving. As a parent, view every day events and surroundings with fresh eyes. Provide opportunities for self exploration in every part of the child's world. Encourage manipulation of objects in unique ways to develop a sense of mass, weight, texture, patterns, structure, sound, construct, balance, taste, reflection...the list is endless. Some nipples require less effort than nursing from the breast. Milk flows from some just by holding them upside down. In this case, the child only has to stop the flow by covering the opening with the tongue to rest or to swallow. Some children prefer this pattern to the sucking necessary for the breast. Here is the only medical research that I am aware of that connects immunizations with earlier onset of seizures in this disorder: http://www.onmedica.com/newsarticle.aspx?id=e7c292a8-9949-4a65-91f1-3a80d51a7f3b Giftedness requires challenging curriculum and the diligence necessary to acquire and execute many learned skills in order to produce academic success. Giftedness includes intellectual, bodily-kinesthetic, interpersonal, and emotional intelligence as well as artistic or creative giftedness. Babies often swallow air when drinking. The Dr. Brown Bottle at http://www.handi-craft.com/ is the only bottle that takes air out of the swallow and is very beneficial for reducing reflux in many babies. I usually do not mention brands, but this is necessary to help answer this question. Of course, the strength for later eating and speech is developed during the feeding process. As a speech language pathologist that works with children with feeding and speech problems, I would encourage careful selection of nipples and pacifiers. These devices should be carefully chosen to promote oral motor strength within the child's functional abilities. Ingesting air when eating is one of the contributers to the problem of reflux in infants. The stomach is very similar to a balloon. When it is filled with liquid and air, and pressure is applied (by lying on the tummy, a diaper that's too snug, positioning in sitting or with knees bent, or held closely against someone) the liquid can backflow or reflux. The flow may stop before it comes up to or out of the mouth or it may spew out of the mouth as vomiting. Reflux can have very serious consequences, including pain, aspiration of acid/food/liquid into the lungs leading to infections/bronchitis/pneumonia; erosion of the tissue of the throat/nose/mouth (esophagitis), erosion of teeth, ear infections, and food avoidance. I encourage parents to compare nipples and pacifiers by trying them. With careful experimentation, you can identify the subtle differences in effort, pattern, etc. I always responded to his whining and grunting, but now I wish I had not. I am a speech language pathologist that works with feeding disorders. It is important for parents to be armed with information about products that can affect the health of their child. I have NO connections with the Dr. Brown Bottle. This bottle is patented and is the only bottle with a laser cut nipple. Research reported on their site also indicates the bottle can increase nutrition. Therefore, gifted children need a WIDE variety of stimulating activities repeatedly in order to gain various skills. These activities should stimulate: