Here's a passage taken from a fan of the formation in Eric Flint's 1824: The Arkansas War (a work of alternative history): 

Roman infantry were typically equipped with short-swords which they used once combat got down to hand-to-hand. Of course their opponents weren't typically from rich empires that could afford standard swords for everyone, but in the case of the Persians it was close. 

Just among declared wars, three of the five (a bare majority) were one-on-one wars that the USA declared first. 

Persian armies seem to rely much more on cavalry, and much of their infantry was either archers or spear-wielding rabble, but they did typically have Daylamite units of elite heavy infantry that used much the same equipment package as the Roman infantry. 

The states of Medieval Europe for the most part did not have a money economy. The Feudal System was basically their answer to how one runs a country and maintains a professional military (an absolute requirement in an era when cavalry was the dominant arm) in an agricultural society with little or no flowing currency to tax. Essentially everyone, at every level, paid their "taxes" directly in labor. A rich person was a person who had a large amount of labor owed to him, generally by virtue of controlling a lot of usable land. 

Prior to that, most people subscribed to the miasma theory. Under this concept, diseases were caused by "bad air", and best way to prevent disease was thought to be to keep things as clean as possible. Sometimes that meant using lots of water, which left lots of puddles for mosquitos to breed in... 

Mostly its not enough IMHO for what we ask them to do for us, but it does seem to be enough to get recruits. 

It worked, barely, but it is simply a much less efficient way to run a state. Cheating by not providing all the labor due to those higher up the chain is much easier to accomplish, and the higher you get (and thus the more labor at your disposal), the tougher it becomes for those up the chain to extract their due from you by force. This is part of why they were called "The Dark Ages". 

* - I believe the theory is that it is far easier for a pastoral society (eg: Berbers, Goths, Huns) to produce trained cavalry, as their children grow up on horseback and they are tending and keeping lots of horses as it is. A farming culture is much better at producing infantry. 

Watching it in action, he could now understand why the formation had eventually been abandoned. Very well trained and disciplined professional armies, formed into lines, could bring too much fire to bear on the front of the column. Hundreds of men against fifty. 

Another not-insignificant consideration is that it amounts to a fairly reliable job, that doesn't require a college degree. There is a minimum physical and mental condition they require (adjusted by the vagarities of supply and demand), but otherwise pretty much anyone who wants can get themselves a "job" that way. For those without the money for college and living in communities without a lot of oppertunities for unskilled laborers, this is likely the best deal going. Children of the working poor are highly represented in the US enlisted ranks. 

Again, I haven't found anything about Valcarra. However the description does remind me of one (fictional) odd style I've seen in an MMO. I'll put it here not as an authoritative example, but to give an idea of what this might look like. 

Agricultural societies don't have the drawback of mobility, feed themseves directly (rather than indirectly through animals), and thus can achieve even greater populations. However, pastoralists still have one trump card that the other two types of societies can't match: It turns out that mobility is damn useful in warfare as well. Pastoralists have a lifetime of mounted training that residents of other societies have a hard time matching. This fact has always allowed pastoral societies to punch way above their population "weight class". 

The first thing you have to realize is that Napoleonic-era unit tactics were not all about math. Getting the maximum possible fire on your opponent is important, but it isn't the only factor. 

How does the US Navy compare to its counterpart in the early 20th Century? Are the numbers of ships and personnel really that much smaller now? If so, is this cheifly a reflection of a change in the technology and role of Naval warfare in the last 100 years, cheifly a lessening of the USA's ability to project military power in the world, or a combination? 

Given that this was a satire of those views, I think its quite fair to say that Voltaire (and presumably his intended audience) viewed it as an endemic evil in the world, along with the various murders, starvations, slavery, mutilations, etc. that were related in that story. 

1) Why didn't the Romans have cavalry? 

It was more like a sledgehammer. Or perhaps a very blunt spear. Fifty men across, at the front, firing as they came, with the rest of the regiment in close support. The formation relied on speed and impact, more like a cavalry charge than anything else Sam could think of. 

They did, at least early on. However, after about 107 BC they reorganized their military, and appear to have decided that other societies produced better cavalry cheaper, so they'd just use theirs*. 

So in general, a Feudal society is always going to punch way below its weight, due to how inefficient the system is. 

A lot of this is down to differences in how the various states were organized. Rome was a highly centralized imperial state, with its own currency and taxation.