What I am looking for: I am sure there are "countless" examples in favor of this doctrine, but I am curious what the counterarguments are? I am interested in maybe the top 3-5 counterarguments that a "non-numerologist" would use. 

(Isaiah 14:3-21 is the same sort of story, but is about Babylon instead of Tyre.) Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! 

However, after Satan's initial sin, he appears to have still had access to the realm where the angels stand before God (which we call "heaven"). This is what I was getting at in my "examples" link in my answer (which you linked). Here are the verses from Job that I was referring to: 

Here we see God's purposes behind the creation of the "lights" in the heavens (the Sun, Moon, and stars.) Collectively they serve the following functions according to Genesis 1: 

They serve to humble man before God 

Clearly given the event of Acts 2, explanations of the Spirit's ministry through us (1 Corinthians 12, Romans 12, Ephesians 4, etc.), and constant claims such as the following, it can be safely assumed that the New Testament Scriptures were also Spirit-written. 

So yes, the Gospels are also Spirit-written. I understand the traditional theology of omnipotence to be that God can do anything He wills, and that his omnipotence is thereby limited to His nature. In other words, saying that God can do anything does not imply that He can lie or sin. For example: 

I'd like to point out that even though a disproportionately large number of Christians do doubt global warming, this is due to (in my opinion, unfortunate) societal and political factors - not biblical reasoning. Most Christians would readily recognize that these "biblical" arguments are weak at best, and delusional at worst. 

So, when is it okay to assist in choosing death? Well, first of all, if we assume the morality of the chooser's choosing, then I don't think the assistance should be categorized as a sin. I don't believe it falls under murder, as the motivation is love, rather than hate. In the same way, an accidental killing is not murder (i.e., a car crash), because the spirit of the law is concerned with our intentions, and our heart (Matthew 5:21-22). However, Christians do not build their beliefs on the philosophical conclusions of non-Christians; we build our beliefs on Scripture. Therefore, if a Christian uses the term "omnipresent" to describe God, it is a given that it should be defined according to Scripture: God is omnipresent in the sense that He is present everywhere in heaven and in the physical universe, but not in Hell. 

They serve to humble man before God 

The Psalms were the work of the Holy Spirit, and could also be considered "prophecy." (See also Matthew 22:41-44.) “For it is written in the book of Psalms, ‘Let his homestead be made desolate, and let no one dwell in it’; and, ‘Let another man take his office.’ -Acts 1:20 We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: My current impression of what "numerology" is: Certain numbers in scripture have special symbolic meaning. Examples: "7 is the number of divine perfection", "6 is the number of man", etc. Of course, this is ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict a global flood. Another argument, used by a Senator Inhofe is to reference God's promise to sustain the seasons: This is also ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict cold/heat or summer/winter to cease. 

So, when is it okay to assist in choosing death? Well, first of all, if we assume the morality of the chooser's choosing, then I don't think the assistance should be categorized as a sin. I don't believe it falls under murder, as the motivation is love, rather than hate. In the same way, an accidental killing is not murder (i.e., a car crash), because the spirit of the law is concerned with our intentions, and our heart (Matthew 5:21-22). 

So, what are some examples of Christians choosing death, where the benefit of death outweighed the cost? 

The Bible doesn't have anything directly to say about assisted suicide, or therapeutic relentlessness, so any Christian viewpoint on this subject must be an inference from more general principles. I argue that OP's question is a subset of the more general question of "Is it ever okay for a Christian to choose death?"