In Western Christendom (and also in Byzantium) the universal system of time-keeping was the Julian calendar. You have asked specifically about “townspeople”. Unlike other respondents to this question, I am not convinced that the majority of the population in mediaeval European towns were illiterate. But literate or not, there is no reason to doubt that they knew what the date was according to the Julian calendar. Merchants (for example) needed to know this. But also in the countryside people needed to know the date so as to plant their crops at the correct time of year. Calendars are very much part of popular culture in all civilisations. And this has nothing to do with newspapers. In brief: It is considered to come from a Celtic word for "reed water". The actual question that was posed on here five years ago now was whether “the Moors and Arabs, ‘Muslims’ who invaded Europe, i.e. Spain” helped the “evolution of civilisations of Europe”. The answer to this question is that the Arabs “who invaded Europe”, namely the Arab warriors who conquered parts of Europe in the 7th century, did not bring copies of Aristotle and Ptolemy with them in their saddle bags. The translations of Greek classics into Arabic were produced a good 200 years later, and they were the work not of warriors, but of mainly Christian scholars in the Eastern part of the Abbasid caliphate, and they were introduced later in al-Andalus mainly by Muslim scholars (again not by warriors). Conquerors do not help the “evolution of civilisations”. Der Name des Ortes "Schengen" (im Großherzogtum Luxemburg (Kanton Remich), der Namensgeberin für das "Schengener Abkommen", engl. "Schengen Treaty", "Schengen Agreement", 1985) soll keltischen Ursprungs sein und auf kelt. "scen" = dt. "Schilfwasser" zurück gehen. Im Jahr 877 erscheint der Name des Ortes erstmals als "Sceidingas". I found this: http://www.etymologie.info/~e/l_/lu-gr.html This question is very vague, but I assume you are asking about the Middle Ages in Western Europe, though there is no reason why it should not be about Byzantium, Islam, India, China or any other mediaeval civilisation. But let us stick to Western Europe. Derives >50% of their income from money-lending. I'm going to add another answer specifically to address a separate part of your question: why didn't the same thing happen in Islamic world? The agencies in the Wiki article NOT listed in the Chinese page are: The Incoherence also marked a turning point in Islamic philosophy in its vehement rejections of Aristotle and Plato. The book took aim at the falasifa, a loosely defined group of Islamic philosophers from the 8th through the 11th centuries (most notable among them Avicenna and Al-Farabi) who drew intellectually upon the Ancient Greeks. Ghazali bitterly denounced Aristotle, Socrates and other Greek writers as non-believers and labeled those who employed their methods and ideas as corrupters of the Islamic faith. Wikipedia's Shylock page says this on the historical background section: European Administrative School I don't see any point to distinguishing between money-lenders who lent to gentiles vs. those who lent to other Jews, but if you wish to put that level of finesse into an answer, power to you :) European Data Protection Supervisor Based on the list of institutions in the article and their order, the bulk of data seems to be likely lifted from the Institutions of the European Union Wiki page. Original text was 蓝色风暴共和国： - literally translated as "Blue storm Republic". What percentage of Jewish population were money-lenders, vs holding some other profession? It's hard to tell which of these became mis-translated as 蓝色风暴共和国, but I'm going to venture a guess that it's Europol (European Police Office). The European Personnel Selection Office (EPSO) This is most likely a bad translation from Chinese (or more specifically, bad translation from English to Chinese, then literally translated back into English). The only Blue Storm associated with EU is an IBM super-computer bought in 2001 for The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF). While the reasoning for why Jews would enter the money lending is quite obvious, what seems to be missing from the picture is all the common boring non-money-lending poor jews (who didn't seem to enter popular culture's picture till Tevye the Dairyman from "Fiddler on the Roof"). Austro-Hungarian Ambassador László Szőgyény's report from Germany. Second, it does have big Atlantic coastal cities... by French standards. Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. Her oceanic trading partners would be to the north (Britain, Norway, Germany, Baltic States, Russia) or to the south (Italy, North Africa, Balkans, Ottoman Empire). Being a continental nation inland trading along rivers was more important. Of the 10 most populous cities in France, 5 are on inland rivers (Lille, Paris, Lyon, Toulouse, and Strasbourg), 3 are on the south coast (Nice, Montpellier, Marseille), and 2 are on the Atlantic (Bordeaux, Nantes). But even with all that, France just isn't very Atlantic-centric and that's where it's history comes in. When cities in France were being founded there was nobody to trade with across the Atlantic. Gaul (what the Romans called the area) was conquered by the Romans in 51 BC and by the time Europeans started trading with America France had already established her cities for a thousand years.