In fact, Nietzsche very much despised the statist notion of warfare, as is clearly evidenced in this excerpt from "The Wanderer and His Shadow" (the third section of Human, All Too Human, 1878): 

And perhaps the great day will come when people, distinguished by wars and victories and by the highest development of a military order and intelligence, and accustomed to make the heaviest sacrifices for these things, will exclaim of its own free will, “We break the sword,” and will smash its entire military establishment down to its lowest foundations. Rendering oneself unarmed when one had been the best-armed, out of a height of feeling—that is the means to real peace, which must always rest on a peace of mind; whereas the so-called armed peace, as it now exists in all countries, is the absence of peace of mind. One trusts neither oneself nor one’s neighbor and, half from hatred, half from fear, does not lay down arms. Rather perish than hate and fear, and twice rather perish than make oneself hated and feared–-this must someday become the highest maxim for every single commonwealth. 

The reality is that "postmodernism" is not something that you can define, at least not as applied to philosophy. There were hardly any notable philosophers who accepted the label of "post-modernist", and many of those who are often considered to be anchors of the tradition actually strictly rejected the label. 

None of the answers you're going to get to this question will be satisfying. Nor will any of them be correct. 

Yeah, unfortunately a lot of people misquote Nietzsche. It's kind of a recurring joke among those who are familiar with his work. For example, the phrase "God is dead" is often taken completely out of context and used to justify things that Nietzsche himself never intended. 

Ironically, just as Nietzsche had observed elsewhere (and as some readings of the work might claim, was attempting to demonstrate through the "Maxims and Arrows" section), writers are remembered primarily for and by such simple aphorisms. The well-known American rapper, Kanye West, even includes a paraphrase in his hit song Stronger  (again, requoted without the phrase that prefaces it): 

About the only thing you can accurately say about "postmodernism" is that it's characterized by a rejection of modernism, the pseudo-scientific mentality of progressive objectivity established in the Enlightenment. Truly, one could argue that without the Enlightenment and the resulting movement that has become known as "modernism", there could never be such thing as "post-modernism". But whether that's actually a useful definition or merely a linguistic tautology is debatable. 

(Aus der Kriegsschule des Lebens: Was mich nicht umbringt, mach mich stärker.) 

So yes, of course it has a fuzzy definition, and of course the Wikipedia article seems to characterize it in terms of what it is not. There's not much else that it can do. In fact, reading the Wikipedia article now, it strikes me as possibly one of the best attempts to clarify and define the movement that I've ever seen. And I've read a whole lot of so-called "postmodernist" literature.