Again, I don't mean to understate the problem with spam on AU, I've been there with you a lot of the time getting rid of it. I just don't want to do this, at least not now. Knowing would be useful, if it could be done in a way that performs well. Blocking .. I'd hate to do that. Then you wouldn't have to worry about where to ask questions about the [censored] tool in the [censored] where that [censored] graph doesn't agree with the [censored] so you have to manually [censored] and finally ping Tim Jon or Shog9 to invalidate or [censored] and hope they don't say "no" or you'll kick them right in the [censored]. I'd like to automate this to some extent, as currently the only way to easily get rid of a spammer on all sites is to involve the community team. This is in progress. Shog9 has been making some huge strides - to the point that feasibility is a rapidly-diminishing question. I'll continue to update this post as we go. We block an enormous amount of this, a fresh graph: Spammers are robots with masters, or assimilated humans being paid by the link planted. They see this, they alter tactics, they alter text and then it's a game of pin the regex on the (new) pattern. Did I mention, don't worry so much about what goes on behind the scenes? Good. April 1 jokes that got taken seriously and almost shipped to a sister site. Can you imagine the mess if one of those got migrated to a math or physics site? This doesn't fall under 'a lot of', but there were several. Just because a question is on topic for another site doesn't mean it's off topic for Stack Overflow. There are users who know about the sister site and still prefer to ask their question on SO because SO receives the most traffic. Other times, users aren't interested in joining another site and would prefer to receive reputation points on SO. This does a lot to help new moderators come on board, and lets the community team and more seasoned moderators better collaborate in some unusual, but not really infrequent odd moderation circumstances. Since we have most of what's needed, I'm hoping this will cost much less than what it yields. Perhaps, simply require that the person migrating has sufficient reputation on the target site to understand its scope and community, say ... 250 - 500, as well as the usual reputation on the original site. Note - regarding concerns of these being gamed, it would be impossible unless if by gaming you mean doing whatever the badge implies consistently right over a long period of time. You wouldn't get something for reviewing 5k things, you'd get something for reviewing 5k things with n or fewer review bans in the last y (time). I realize guards need to be around this. This may help prevent someone from asking a very basic or nonsensical question while being over tired, frustrated, intoxicated or a plethora of other mind numbing conditions. The other benefits are similar and obvious. I'm sorry that you had this kind of experience with the system, not many people who find themselves question banned manage to work their way out from under it. It's a necessary evil, unfortunately, or the site would literally be overrun with extremely low quality questions. The drop for today is due to no data for the day to speak of, as it rolls over during a very inactive period. I really like our chat system, in fact I wish I could use it at work because it would solve so many problems. But it does seem like moderation was welded on as a bit of an afterthought ... probably because it was built by people that naturally behave constructively. The good news here is that there isn't much that we can't be completely transparent about. In fact, as long as no private information is revealed, screenshots of the majority of the tools available to moderators would not harm the efficacy of the tools or methods employed when using them. Even though the flag menu is extensive and promotes better flagging, we still have only three types of flags from a moderation standpoint: I have two legal residences. One in the US (Baltimore) and one in The Philippines (Mandaluyong City). It's conceivable that I may start spending 1/3 of the year in Singapore as well.