Watson's Guattari's Diagrammatic Thought addresses this directly, and in particular goes over the evolution of this concept in some detail (from p. 12): Watson also sheds some light on the relationship between schizoanalysis and cartography, and helps place it within a larger cultural-theoretical context: The question does seem to assume an anthropomorphic God, at least in some respects. Yet after all, who is to say our desires are analogous to whatever moves/motivates God himself? And why should we suppose we would have any chance of understanding the mind of God in this or any respect? Already in his notes for Anti-Oedipus, Guattari senses that Peirce's diagram is somehow special, that it unleashes "deterritorialized polyvocity," that it must be understood as distinct from the image because the diagram is a site of production (AOP 72, 214, 243-255/97, 308, 346-349). He continues reflecting on the powerful, productive diagram in Revolution moleculaire [Molecular Revolution] and L'inconscient Machinique [The Machinic Unconscious], concluding that diagrams "are no longer, strictly speaking, semiotic entities." Their "purpose is not to denote or to image the morphemes of an already-constituted referent, but to produce them" (IM 223, 224). In other words, diagrams do not represent thought; rather, they generate thought. Diagrams abound in experimental science, he says, because it is "a sphere where signs have a direct effect on things," involving "both material technology and a complex manipulation of sign machines" (MR 166/RM 303). The diagrammatic consists precisely in this conjunction between deterritorialized signs and deterritorialized objects. The hypocritical relationships of the Sophists to money was a major point of criticism against it -- Plato's criticism is basically that they would teach anyone who paid, where Socrates would "promiscuously" teach anyone at all -- or at least those who seemed like they were bright enough to keep up... Maybe kind of interesting today to consider alongside the watering-down of curricula, in lockstep with an ongoing corporatization of an education system which increasingly considers students customers. That said, I am currently working through De Landa's Philosophy and Simulation, which I highly recommended for a thoughtful (and non-Bostrom-oriented approach) to some of the larger questions of emergence and simulation and their implications for philosophy and science. As far as old evidence --once again this makes intuitive sense to me: If you have a piece of evidence prior to creating a theory then you're not really demonstrating any added value by predicting that fact. You would need to predict something new. You might consider philosophy as the study of all methods of reasoning. Every major philosopher has his or her own original method, which forms part of the core of what makes that philosophy distinctive. If that evidence was less than sure, it would reduce the probability of your theory being true by the same amount as your theory was committed to E. I would argue that mathematics is indeed value-laden. One of the central ideas in statistics is that the individual case is not important, it's the aggregate of a large number of separate pieces of data that carry significance. Conversely, in chaos theory, a central concept is that an arbitrarily small change can have an arbitrarily large impact. I would call these value-laden perspectives. If you choose to analyze a given situation statistically, it implies a value judgement about what kind of things you'll chose to take as important, and what kinds of information you're willing to discard. The main thing to realize about informal fallacies is that they are all closely related to strong arguments, because it's the resemblance to a strong argument that makes them seem compelling. In this case, the fact that an substantial majority of the people who seemingly have relevant expertise on the issue have come to a unified conclusion does not prove that conclusion to be true. But it does provide significant support for the conclusion. TENS, when looked at in detail, is not "one theory" it is a class of ideas. E.g. I'm under the impression that it is an open question whether group selection is a real (in some sense) phenomenon (people in the field could probably pick out other open questions); which ever way this question, or the other open questions, pan out, you're still dealing with TENS. Sometimes you might hear "the law of gravitation" or "theory of gravity" or similar to refer to the scientific ideas and mathematical description of the phenomenon. In conventional medicine, the relevant definition is clinically effective -- basically that there is a statistically significant effect in a suitably controlled (and randomized) test sample. This includes accounting for the placebo effect. If a treatment is clinically effective, that should satisfy the logical positivists. It is not impossible for alternative medical practices to satisfy this requirement in principle (to my knowledge homeopathy specifically does not, but acupuncture has for some forms of pain management). Note that there is no problem of induction in applying the criterion of "clinically effective" to proposed medical treatments. I tend to interpret Quine's conclusion in terms of the readers' side of things: in order to interpret even the most basic, small facet of a scientific result, you need to impose a big background of theory. For an obvious example, take the report that the Higgs Boson has a mass of XXX +/- YYY GeV/c^2; huge amounts of background knowledge are required to even make sense of this one reported number. Even something as basic as "we measured the thickness to be ZZZ mm with calipers" implies a theory that the thickness of the whatever (as opposed to say, its surface roughness) is the salient factor in this context. Similar considerations affect the practitioners' reporting: they can't provide all of the background information so they need to assume (usually implicitly) that the reader will interpret their results in the light of a commonly held theory. This then pushes back into what practitioners actually do: if I can't sensibly communicate it within the theoretical constructs of my scientific community, then it's not worth doing (or if I do it, I'll end up being outside my scientific community).