Or the following from Revelation: 

Latae sententiae excommunications are generally not known to the general public, and public records are not kept about them. Reconciliation with the Church is done entirely in the so-called “internal forum”—that is, secretly, in the confessional. Hence, it is extremely difficult to estimate the number. 

For example, because unborn children are extremely vulnerable nowadays to abortion, the Church punishes those who procure abortion with an automatic excommunication. (There is debate among canonists as to what “procuring” abortion consists in, but all agree that the doctor performing it and the medical staff strictly necessary for the procedure to occur fall under this penalty; see Code of Canon Law [CIC] 1398.) 

The problem with the most problematic drugs—cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, and so forth—is that it takes a very small amount to produce a catastrophic effect. It is easy to overdose, and even with a “normal” dose, the person becomes fully intoxicated: that is, he loses control of his actions. Moreover, these drugs are susceptible to various kinds of addiction (physical and psychological), as well as severe long-term health effects. Because these drugs are so potent, there is generally no way to produce a mild dose, except in a controlled medical environment. For this reason, such substances should only be used for therapeutic, never recreational, purposes. (And as far as I know, of these, only the narcotics—morphine and its relatives, including heroin or “diamorphine”—are currently medically useful. It is also sill possible to use cocaine as a topical anaesthetic and vasoconstrictor, which is very different, obviously, from its internal use.) 

This is prompted by this article, which states: 

It reminds me of what a wise Jedi once said to a young one who had just discovered that some of the things he thought were true weren't necessarily as he thought "You will find that a lot of the truths we cling to depend greatly on your own point of view." Yes, I know Star Wars isn't Christianity, but the saying is applicable regardless. 

On the contrary, No one can mentally admit the opposite of what is self-evident; as the Philosopher (Metaph. iv., lect. vi) states concerning the first principles of demonstration. But the opposite of the proposition "God is" can be mentally admitted: The fool said in his heart, There is no God (Ps. lii. 1). Therefore, that God exists is not self-evident. 

So, in summary, this isn't something that is going to be universally agreed on. The best you can hope for is that people say "Yeah, I can see how you came up with that, but..." regardless of which side of this issue you stand on. 

In these passages (only two selected from numerous such passages), the unchangeability of God is seen as an advantage, because that we He can defend His people from their enemies. There are also explicit references to God’s unchangeable character: 

A couple of clarifications are in order, first of all. Excommunication (and other ecclesiastical penalties) are, and always have been, "medicinal." Their purpose is to draw attention to a person who has committed a very grave crime (under ecclesiastical law), so that he may repent. 

Note that this is an old ritual that only makes sense in the context in which it was developed. The ritual is no longer used, no doubt in part because it seems very strange for modern sensibilities. 

When Catholics (and Orthodox) pray to Mary and the other saints, it is never seen as an act of adoration, but only of veneration. It should be noted that Catholics (and Orthodox) are also encouraged to pray to God directly; in fact, for them prayer in its various facets (praise, thanksgiving, petition, supplication, and adoration) is chiefly directed to Him, not to saints (and whenever it involves adoration, it is only directed to God). 

I'm just curious, how do such demotions work? Are they unilateral decisions from the Pope? Is there some other established methodology for determining status in the Church? 

So, in summary, this isn't something that is going to be universally agreed on. The best you can hope for is that people say "Yeah, I can see how you came up with that, but..." regardless of which side of this issue you stand on. 

Others claim Romans 1 and 2 - the existence of God is clearly known because He wrote it on our hearts, but that's not self-evident, either. The may point to 2 Peter chapter 3 as support that we know God, but are "willingly ignorant" because we'd rather walk after our own lusts, but that's not "self-evidence" either. 

I've been to a Catholic Church very few times in my adult life. It's a very different experience than the protestant Churches I'm used to.