Database dumps have since been made available :) Enough with user voice, is anyone doing it? If so, what VCS did you mock? 

When you boil it down, we're really just unicorn yodelers. 

Yes, I think we need to do something to honor Dennis Ritchie, now. I just don't want to do it using the system message bar again. I would not say any individual comment there, if taken out of context of the entire 'conversation' is flag worthy. All of the comments together, however, are flag worthy and we need that kind of stuff brought to our attention. I have no idea why or even if the user decided to do this. I just finished going through every question and viewed any deleted comments, there was only one instance where an accept rate was mentioned, and it was not antagonistic. So, obviously, the user was not overly pressured by people to accept answers that for whatever reason just didn't work for them. ... Tony may even offer several additional words of explanation. Still, a perfectly valid answer, just a lot of room for improvement .. and syllables. I really want a sandwich. The correct place to get that sandwich is a diner down the street, but the place is always empty and has horrible customer service. There's a car wash across the street, and I really like it, they have good prices, it's well serviced, and they're always open when I'm hungry. But whenever I go to the car wash and ask them for a sandwich they tell me that they don't sell sandwiches, they just wash cars. I understand that different places sell different things, but this is counterproductive. Also keep in mind that it's pretty hard to suggest improvements to the queue if you haven't ever actually used it, merely been on the side suggesting edits. If you really would like to improve it you're probably best off waiting until you have enough rep to use it, and then using it for some time (a few weeks at least) before you're familiar enough with it's problems to knowledgeably suggest improvements. 

While it is true that some people don't respond very constructively to problems they see in an answer, many do. I've found it important to do whatever you can to assume that someone is responding constructively, and in good faith, even if it reads a bit combative. Sometimes it's just the fact that tone doesn't translate well over the internet, sometimes it's because someone was just being terse, not rude, other times it's because they don't have a full mastery over the English language, and in some cases they really are being rude, but you're better off pretending they responded constructively anyway. If you find the responses devolving despite your best effort to remain constructive, just stop participating. Some people just aren't looking for constructive discussions. If you end up being edit banned then you can petition to have it looked into. If you don't end up getting enough rejections to be banned before the rejections are old enough to not count then nobody is hurt, and it's really not worth mod intervention. If you get banned, and would like to dispute some of the edits, then you can contact the moderation team and they might intervene. You were not ridiculed for anything. You were told, politely, that your first question (on Stack Overflow) was off topic, and given the reason why it was off topic. 

As for pointing out to users that they should not beg for acceptance or upvotes, I'd usually just leave it. Flag as not-constructive and move on. The last thing we need is a big kerfuffle in the comments. Should this be a user who does it time and time again, you could leave a comment. Or perhaps point it out to a moderator, who could then leave a comment. But I'd only do that for severe cases. 

What can be done? Well, you could always @reply the user telling him that the edit really is too minor and incorrect, so you've rolled it back. Perhaps they'll pick it up. Don't let this spark off a long stream of "how to edit" debate in the comments though. Take it to Meta perhaps, or point to one of the many discussions on appropriate and inappropriate editing already here. Or just undo the edit and let it slide. All of that makes me consider this "not a real question" or perhaps rather "too localized". As such, I would vote to close it or flag it if I didn't have the privilege to vote. That really signals a couple of things. You seem to think that anything that can be answered, is a proper question for Stack Overflow. It isn't. I bet you I can fulfil my clients' requests, if they tell me what they want to have in the end. And so can some of the great users of the site write code for you that does what you want it to do. (I think they really shouldn't, but some are willing to go beyond what can be expected from them) That is not where things become unclear. 

If you're in this game for the reputation and glory, this might be somewhat hard to swallow. But as the author of the answer says, he's not in it for the competition. And I personally take a similar point of view. You've contributed possibly good content. You will be rewarded for that over time. If you think something needs to be done about the answer, vote as you see fit. But other than that I don't see something here which should not be allowed. 

I'm not sure whether or not I would describe them as edit-trolls. If the user has the badges and no rep to gain, I can only assume they are trying to address what they see as a "problem". No matter how minor.