-1! Yes, we do! Please don't take away my top bar notifications! Possible problems: gray-to-orange ink might be prohibitively expensive to use on a stein, might be toxic and might not even exist. Same for clear-to-green ink. Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE. gives the impression that if you use your 10 remaining question votes now, you will get additional answer votes, which is not the case. It should be reworded to something like regarding showing careers ads in general. Isn't this sending the message that my career isn't going exactly as it should? How dare you suggest such a thing? I just happened to click on the all-time rep leagues. I seem to be there twice. As discussed repeatedly already, the following scenario happens a thousand times every day on Stack Overflow: alt text http://media.kuechengoetter.de/media/105/12216445942780/waffeln_zutat.jpg it admittedly looks a bit misleading, but everything is in order here. Possible advantages to having this integrated in SO proper include: I logged in to Stack Overflow by clicking on the Google OpenID logo The normal rep count would continue to be displayed as an integer; for those who really need to know, the exact number could be displayed privately on the profile page, much like flag weight. and instead of deleting them, relaxing the "vote to delete" rules for those questions say to two required 2k+ votes instead of five, and having the community user bump a steady trickle of them to the front page? Like, one every five minutes. For most users, they will come up only if they're in their interesting tags, so they will hardly be noticed. The question is entirely unintelligible, or is part of a series of questions viewed as substandard by the community. While Stack Overflow welcomes users new to programming and questions of all levels of experience, some effort when asking a question is expected. There are two things about the new vote messages that I don't like: That could be achieved simply by hosting the blog outside the rest of the network (at a physically different location) so it is available even if everything else goes down. (If that's not the case already. I didn't check whether it was affected by the outage as well, but the IPs look like they're in the same data center.) The request: please hide the answer body. Show the question titles only, in a neat list; show the full answer body on click. How about adding a "by highest voted answer" sort order? The possibility to have a list of community-curated comment templates, leading to overall higher quality - creating a good comment template (with a polite greeting, an explanation of the issue, and some helpful links) isn't completely trivial. (This would complement the existing functionality of having your own comment templates, not replace it.) The number of "votes" to have, whether to include the SO logo, and other details are subject to change. -1! Yes, we do! Please don't take away my top bar notifications! Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE. It's still happening. The ServiceStack fix didn't actually fix it. Stay tuned. A voided commitment still appears in the proposal's "commitments" tab, but it no longer appears in your user profile's "Current Commitments" section or takes up one of your 3 "commitment tokens". We just deployed with ServiceStack.Text 3.9.3, and I confirmed that the bug is actually fixed this time. As you noted, your profile image comes from Facebook, not Gravatar, and the abnormal (non-50x50) size wasn't being properly handled by the flair-generation code. We recently pulled in the fix as part of the latest version of the ServiceStack.Text, so it shouldn't happen any more. Betas are taking a bit longer than we originally anticipated, so your suggestion makes sense. We now "void" commitments that are still unfulfilled after 6 months of beta. * we searched Google for "best day of week to send email newsletter" and Tuesday seemed popular This is done -- we'll no longer send all the newsletters on Mondays. Once your commitment is voided, you are no longer committed to the proposal. This is fixed now, though it might take up to 24 hours for the creepy version to fall out of your browser's cache. Instead, newsletters will be staggered across the workweek on a per-user basis: your first newsletter subscription will arrive on Tuesdays*, your second on Thursdays, third on Mondays, fourth Wednesdays, and fifth on Fridays. Your sixth subscription will loop back to Tuesdays, and so on.