Whether covering a women's face is wajib has been debated for a long time. Since the side that assures that it is wajib has already been covered, I'll cover here the side that says it is not. I will be referring to the writings of Sheikh Al-Albani, who is considered by many as the most prominent Sunni scholar in modern times to have come to criticize covering the face as being obligatory. An-Nahl (17:34) (Emphasis mine) 

Evading taxes means breaking the law of the country you are residing in, thus breaking your contract. Something a Muslim must no do. See this ayah: 

One more hadith is this one, although it's authenticity is disputed: 

This hadith has direct instruction on what not to cover. But, this hadith is weak according to Abu Dawud (see his commentary at the end of the quote), and most scholars. However, both Al-Albani and Al-Bayhaqi have disputed this classification. Furthermore, Al-Albani cites many hadith, such as: 

http://www.nationalkuwait.com/vb/showthread.php?t=69797 

It is apparent here that since the narrator was able to describe the woman's cheeks that her face was uncovered in public. Something that was not commented on negatively. The following pages (Arabic) have more on Al Albani's writings in the subject: 

There is difference of opinion on dog hair. Most Sunni schools of thought consider the whole of the dog as najis, and so (knowingly) having dog hair on your clothes would require cleaning before you pray. The Hanafi school however only considers wet contact with a dog as najis (i.e. the dog's saliva) and it's hair as not najis. According to Abu Dawud, the Prophet's statement "If anyone cuts the lote-tree, Allah brings him headlong into Hell" is not about the lote-tree itself, as it is about wastefully cutting trees that provide benefit (i.e. shelter) to others. 

According to the fatwa team at Islamweb.net, the requirements for an aqiqah sacrifice are the same as for those sacrificed for Eid. These requirements are listed in a related fatwa on the same site, however they do not include anything about milking. In particular, there is no mention at all that the animal needs to be unmilked for the sacrifice to be accepted. 

For example, if 1% of the company's income comes from interest, you can purify it by donating 1% of your own subsequent income to the poor (with no expectation of reward). There are definitely ahadith against cutting down sidrah (which is commonly understood to mean lotus/lote-trees). 

I have read many fatawa by scholars (such as this example from SunniPath) permitting investment in companies that have some of their profits earned through interest, so long as these interest-related profits don't comprise a significant amount of the company's earnings (e.g. are not a primary source of income). The same basic ruling applies for any shari'ah non-compliant income, such as earnings made from gambling or alcohol. Your own income in such matters would then need to be "purified" by disposing of this non-compliant income. 

To my understanding, the above isn't about the suitability or acceptability of the sacrifice itself, rather it assuades that the young animal has more right to its mother's milk. Drinking milk therefrom would be permissible, but as always Muslims are expected not to unnecessarily burden animals (either the mother or her young) or cause them to suffer. 

I cannot speak for the HSBC Amanah funds (or other Islamic funds in general), but I imagine they do something similar. Researching individual funds before investment is, of course, recommended at all times. 

Such a husband is sinning as that would be an example of blackmail, and blackmail is an evil sin. You can read about the sin of blackmail here: http://islamqa.org/hanafi/askimam/29632 Full fatwa here: http://islamqa.info/en/21134 So if the wife falls victim to such blackmail, such a husband will blackmail her for the rest of her life most likely. This would most like be the beginning of what the rest of her life would be like, i.e. blackmail after blackmail. Is such a man really worth it? Is a marriage based on blackmail really worth saving? 

That fatwa which has authentic references clearly explains the importance of hijab. The most important thing in a chaste muslim womans life is her modesty/awra. Even though this is about portraits, doesn't the bold bit apply to cloning too? Doesn't full human cloning fit into the same category as imitating Allah in the act of His creation? A husband telling her that he will divorce her if she continues praying 5 times a day. Here are some examples of blackmail: A husband telling her that he will divorce her if she doesn't stop appropriate hijab (burqa for example). Fatwa about erotic stories here. A husband does not have a right to over-rule Gods rules. 

Anyway, going back to the burqa blackmail issue, here is a quote from a fatwa by reputable scholars which includes authentic islamic texts if you read the full fatwa: