However, he is forced to rely on it in a few places, and he also tangentially mentions it in others. For example, he assumes the existence of God, and accepts the historicity of the Fall of Man as described in Genesis 3. While arguing that sin makes mankind a debtor to God, he mentions several texts (I'm quoting the NABRE here): My personal response might be to disregard the government's restrictions and consider a man and woman publically committed to faithful monogamy as married, and not fornicating, particularly if they have a "church wedding." But in the Dominican Republic, at least, where I periodically do some ministry, the church I work with insists that those living together while not officially (legally) married are committing adultery, despite the legal barriers preventing some from marrying.1 The same thing is true of Tertullian's famous opposition to abortion.1 That being said, we do have several examples of both church fathers and later commentators dealing with the passage directly. It's true that modern dating discussions do not necessarily tell us what the fathers thought about the age of the work, which makes this probably the weakest point. Furthermore, more recent scholars have trended toward earlier dates for the work, and have largely abandoned this explanation for the Didache's exclusion from the canon. Boso appeals to Galatians 5:6 ("faith which operates through love") and Ezekiel 18:27 ("if the wicked man turns from his wickedness and does what is right"), that faith is the means of obliterating wicked acts, but Anselm reminds him of the assumptions made so far in the argument: that, so far, Christ and the Christian faith do not exist. Perhaps the most important cause of Latin's dominance in the Western church is Constantine's conversion in the 4th century and the subsequent official status that Christianity enjoyed in the Roman Empire. Latin served as the Western Empire's lingua franca, and the dominance of the language continued in Europe even after the Western Empire declined and finally fell in the 5th century. Augustine's views are found in his Harmony of the Gospels, where he disagrees with these interpretations, particularly that of Irenaeus: Bigg, The Doctrine of the Twelve Apostles, p23 Robinson, Barnabas, Hermas and the Didache, p45 Metzger, The Canon of the New Testament, p49–50 Robinson, p70 Draper, The Didache in Modern Research: 1996, p10 Metzger, p50 Early Christian Writings: Didache. See particularly the quotes from Crossan ("My own preference for a rural over an urban setting comes [...] from the Didache's rhetorical serenity, ungendered equality, and striking difference from so many other early Christian texts") and Kraft ("most commentators now seem to opt for Syria (Audet 1958; Hazelden Walker 1966; Rordorf and Tullier 1978) or Syro-Palestine (Niederwimmer 1977) as the place of origin"). Milavec, The Didache, p4 Patrick J. Hartin, "Ethics in the Letter of James, the Gospel of Matthew, and the Didache," in Matthew, James, and Didache, p314 Vedder, Our New Testament, p225 Robinson, p62 Draper, p11–12, mentioning Connolly and Kraft. Milavec, p489