- McLaughlin, Raoul. Rome and the Distant East: Trade Routes to the Ancient Lands of Arabia, India and China. A&C Black, 2010. 

Certainly. In fact there was even a whole series of Sacred Wars. 

Source: Silberman, Neil Asher, and Alexander A. Bauer, eds. The Oxford Companion to Archaeology. Oxford University Press, 2012. 

Probably not. Wikipedia's claim that the Pythia goes into a vapor frenzy and spoke gibberish is not so much a usual theory as it is a common misconception. 

It has been alleged that a fragment of the Gospels According to Mark dates to the first century, but as far as I know this has not been authenticated officially. 

Japan sent an expeditionary army to save the Baekje state; when that failed, it re-settled Baekje's leading citizens without Japan. That's essentially offering long term economic support to the defeated refugees of Baekje. Also, it would have been an liberation in the same style as the question had it worked. 

The Six States fell not because their troops were weak or they fought poorly. Their fault lies in bribing Qin with land. Ceding land to Qin weakens their strength, leading them to destruction. 

- Lape, Susan. "Solon and the Institution of the" Democratic" Family Form." Classical Journal (2002): 117-139. 

The traditional analysis is that Hannibal probably could not have taken Rome, and perhaps more importantly, knew that he couldn't, despite his brilliant victories in the field. A complementary analysis is that in recognition of this, his preferred strategy is to disrupt Rome's alliances. 

The division of Egyptian history into Old and New Kingdoms was pioneered by Carl Richard Lepsius. In his 1858 Königsbuch der alten Ägypter, Lepsius grouped Manetho's Dynasties under the categories Alten Reich and Neues Reich, assigning Dynasties XVII to XXXI in the latter. This periodisation seem to have been inspired by Baron von Bunsen's work in the 1830s or 40s. 

This is inferred from historical records. In his Histories, the Greek historian Polybius described Hannibal's passage through the Pyrenees as: 

The Etruscan language had largely gone extinct by the time of Claudius. Apart from perhaps some priests/scholars, Etruscan works would have been unintelligible to almost anyone who might possess Greek books. 

- Ryan, Francis X. Rank and Participation in the Republican Senate. Franz Steiner Verlag, 1998. 

In a battle, therefore, more specific orders or intel could passed down through the ranks via the chain of command, usually by dedicated messengers. This complements the use of flags, drums and gongs for broad coordination to realise effective command in a battle.