Most high school associations and little leagues prohibit them too. I think LL allows them though. It is a no brainer to make the pitcher take it off. I really don't see it as a distraction or safety issue, it is just making a clear line on fairness. The batting glove is simply a foreign object in the glove. It doesn't help the player and can only be used for harm. Players could use it to scuff ball or whatever. If not, no more spitballs. Meaning the last time a spitball was legally thrown was probably around 1935 given there was a younger spitballer in 1919. Since then it has been banned. pitchers throw harder now. The baseball world is whacko with radar guns. It is FREAKING CRAZY and DUMB. A high school kid who throws a gem shutout might have a bad outing to scouts because fastball topped off at 81 mph. So guess what? Kids know this, their coaches know this, their dads know this, their pitching coaches know this... So what happens? They tweak their motion and throw as hard as they can all the time. What do we get in the majors? Yes, pitchers that throw as hard as the can all the time. Very little emphasis on anything else until you hit the highest level. What would they get if the kid that threw that shutout always got the scholarship? More players that worried about spotting the ball, working hitters, throwing variety of speeds and pitches, and so on. The cream doesn't always rise, because sometimes we throw out the cream. (And I am saying this as a pitcher whose only trait was to throw hard) Greg Maddux was one of the most dominant pitchers of the last 50 years and his fastball would be outdone by most college pitchers. He also didn't have a fluke pitch (knuckleball). Greg said that he could pitch every 3-4 days if needed - I don't think he pushed this since he loved golf (and one hell of a golfer). Why aren't there more Maddux's? Because those kids aren't getting college scholarships, scouts are not signing them and there is basically nothing you can do on your own. A 22 year-old could get out 15 minor leaguers in a row in some fall ball league and no one would care unless he threw close to 90 or struck them all out. Since in your example there were no plays to be made... then no interference/obstruction. My quick analysis - Teams could easily have their pitchers go every 3 days. They would first need to limit their weight lifting that tightens or stresses the shoulder, chest, forearms, elbows. I am not saying stop it but low impact stuff. They would systemically train their players to almost throw every other day with even some throwing on off days. But most importantly they would have to give up the radar gun mentality. Yes it is illegal in all higher levels of baseball. For college games we referred to the PBUC: I personally have called a bunch of college games... I had one batted ball that went into the defenses dugout and players held him up - but beyond dugout stairs, and luckily for me he dropped it. I would have had to take the catch away because they clearly gave the player another couple of feet in the air - not formed a wall. Now if it was the opposing teams dugout as long as intent is good once you hit the dugout area even if their clumsiness caused the flyball I wouldn't label it interference unless it was intentional. Did find an example in rulebook: I am going to answer this with my coaching glasses on. Mainly a football coach but have been involved, especially at high school level, with baseball team's conditioning programs. Also was a decent pitcher in high school with a low 80s fastball. Also note - and maybe a great trivia question because maybe one of those things that has never happened in MLB - that if the opposing team assists too much to help a fielder it is also Unintentional Interference and umpires if doing their job by the book should call the play dead with no catch. On a side note: I have seen offensive players go grab a ball hundreds of times over the years. I have never even thought about calling interference on them. Most just do it instinctively because they would do it at a practice - and until you hit major league level you have spent much more time practicing than in games. This type of play is very very common in junior, high school, and college baseball. So as an umpire we know that coaches/players can act as a wall by dugout steps - which the quote above clearly instructs. But all umpires are instructed also that to use the Unintentional Interference rules to make decisions on things like this. If there was "help" before they catch it, then we don't know if it would have been caught or not. Therefore no catch. But that is the umpire clearly saying there was "help". It is really a judgement decision. I know that in MLB they are a lot more forgiving on this rule (maybe because players are worth a lot more) than they are in the college or high school games.