Step 3. from simplifying to accounting Which could (note the conditional) lead to a derived or parallel meaning of "settling accounts" since there is this same idea of slowly progressing to a simplified figure (the account position) through the elimination of numerous details. Cognates here are of course compute and computer, French compter and whence even account, Italian compiti "homework" and many others. Step 4. from accounting to forming an opinion The metaphor from accounting to opinion is a common one in various languages. Even in Latin: aestumo (I estimate) originally means to assign a value and by extension to form one's opinion. To value is a bit different because it comes from the concept of strength but Present Day Italian uses valutare as a synonym of "estimate". P.S. If you find this answer to difficult to understand because it has too much detail, you probably need to trim it... QED :) purify => as in "to clean" or "to cleanse" Applies to wool and fleece as well. purify => as in "to refine" Applies to precious metals such as gold and silver. There is a reduplicative phrase in ancient Roman to emphasize purity for silver: The semantic path here could in my opinion be close to the following one: In Dutch, innen has survived as a verb: "to cash in" I don't know enough about West Germanic (or Dutch) to trace the etymology of composition of be ("by") and ut/utan. However, here are a few observations on that topic. As for me, I don't have a definitive answer to this one but here are a few dots you might want to connect. The Romans themselves had various explanations to offer. For them, the relation was clear - although they did not necessarily agree with each other. More recently distinguished latinists such as Ernout and Meillet could not rule out the possibility of two distinct homophonic roots ([[3]] - puto). Purus and Putus As I mentioned earlier, Romans also had their opinion on that subject. Here are two examples: Varro who writes in Caesar's time has this to offer in his book de Lingua Latina (an early "etymological" Latin "dictionary") on the "dispute" entry: Step 1. from purifying to trimming purify => trim/prune This meaning of "trimming"/"pruning" is still present in present day Italian (potare gli alberi, potare i vitigni) and in derived words such as amputation. The jurist Alfenus, a pupil of Servius Sulpicius and a man greatly interested in matters antiquarian, in the thirty-fourth book of his Digests and the second of his Miscellanies, says: . In a treaty which was made between the Roman people and the Carthaginians the provision is found, that the Carthaginians should pay each year to the Roman people a certain weight of argenti puri puti, and the meaning of puri puti was asked. I replied, he says, that putus meant very pure,' just as we say novicius for novus (new) and propicius for proprius (proper), when we wish to augment and amplify the meaning of novus and proprius. ... The verb puto itself also, which we use for the purpose of stating our opinion, certainly means nothing else than that in an obscure and difficult matter we do our best, by cutting away and lopping off false views, to retain what seems true and pure and sound.