One way of thinking infinity is that it measures an arbitrarily large set (or characterizes arbitrarily fast speeds, etc.) Another quick thought. If we suppose the world as the result of calculation, perhaps God-or-nature is computational! One of the appendices to Logic of Sense is about simulacra and might be a potentially useful place to go for a little more in this vein (although note that the term more or less disappears from Deleuze's work after D+R). I'll begin with a few general remarks. I might suggest one way to look at this is to think about language. In order to become a fluent speaker in the language, you really need to be immersed. Why? Because just knowing the rules themselves really doesn't tell you as much as you might think. More of an extended in passing comment than an answer, but I thought some of it might be constructive. Deleuze takes up the theme of "rigorous and inexact" notions at the heart of science and philosophy elsewhere in Negotiations. Even though they're discussing A Thousand Plateaus, the discussion there maybe has some valences in common here, in terms of liberating systems of differential relations from interpretations according to axiomatically "pre-formatted" multiplicities, either quantitative or qualitative. As a quick commentary here, we are very close to the heart of science and mathematics: that is to say, the creation of functions, delicate sieves capable of capturing every point in a continuous transformation through abstraction, implicating the distribution of points in depth. Creating a function means plunging into chaos and extracting free variables to assemble new equations, isolating time or space, extruding the imperceptible lines of structural or genetic organization which articulate all the moments of growth and development. I might suggest that human beings are generally fairly adept at navigating among these 'clouds' of meta-law around the explicit framework and the general guidelines or heuristics describing ways of using the framework to resolve questions, because we are trained to do it. In passing, I am reminded of Deleuze at the beginning of Difference and Repetition, who talks about the two ways of overturning the law: either with irony, by challenging the law as itself secondary or derived; or on the other hand, through humor -- by offering submission in a "too perfect" way so that you effectively evade it. From there: At an even higher level of abstractions we can consider heuristics -- strategies suitable for broad classes of problems, which don't even specify an explicit set of rules but rather offer a kind of recipe, or more or less formal 'story' or 'theory' about the solution process. Rules demand meta-rules, in a potentially infinite regress: where to apply them? How strictly? How will we know if our application has been effective? And so on. In other words, for every written rule, there are a number of unwritten errata; and further unwritten codices for when and how to apply it. This seems to my mind to imply that any description of the size of this object will be correct at some point (given it is larger than the "initial" size of the object.) So, for instance, if we wish to assert of the size of this object will be 15m, and assuming the object began growing when it was smaller than this, at some point in time it will be 15m exactly. We have to learn all of this; and our teachers have to be patient with us as we learn. We are gradually 'subjectivized' into ever more complex and abstract rule-dominated processes. They are linked strongly to judicial as well as disciplinary institutions. Wittgenstein himself seems to indicate that rule-following is a praxis, though perhaps not an unparadoxical one -- from the selection you asked after: A footnote indicates that Putnam's presentation (referred to in the first sentence of my cite) was reprinted as Putnam, H. “Models and Reality,” The Journal of Symbolic Logic, Vol. 45, No. 3 (Sep., 1980), pp. 464-482. A Google search for Skolem and Badiou (an important contemporary philosopher-mathematician) turned up this Livingston paper which might be worth a look. Skolem and this paradox show up in section 3, pp. 16-18; here's an excerpt of some of the theoretical motivation for the concern of philosophers (especially of mathematics and logic): I happen to think this is pretty interesting and definitely agree there is something to this. Zizek might perhaps suggest that there is a kind of terrifying excess when one really 'follows' the rules, without respecting the various meta-rules which make them workable. Livingston goes on to suggest that the "standard response" to the paradox "defuses" it of some of its very real paradoxicality. At any rate I'd definitely recommend taking at least a quick look through the article (especially the section on Skolem); I might also suggest reading a bit about Badiou, who you may find interesting in his own right -- and please feel free to share questions on any further concerns that may come up in your study. (Welcome to Philosophy.SE, by the way!) As you suggest, if the object is enduring a continuous transformation of its size, while there is a precise moment when this property is true of the object, nevertheless its duration is infinitesimal, and it is already past before any indication is possible. However it is of course possible to formulate rigorous functions to show the continuous variation in size, inferring a derivative rate of growth, which constitutes an adequate description at every moment in time. Functions are universal in this sense; they can capture transformations as variable maps.