To sum up, the presence of presupposition is closely associated with the nature of predicates. Some predicates allow presupposition, whereas others do not. There is no easy path to understanding in such cases. One has explore which primary predicates allow presupposition, and which ones do not, and which types of secondary predicates always bear presupposition, and which ones are influenced by the primary predicate. The key observation about presupposition is that one of the predicates is primary and any other predicate(s) that are present are secondary. In this case, the predicate 'leave' is the primary predicate and the predicate 'have' is a secondary predicate. Presupposition always resides with secondary predicates. From a syntactic point of view, the primary predicate is usually associated with the main verb of the main clause, whereas secondary predicates are expressed elsewhere in the sentence, for instance in a subordinate clause or in a noun phrase. My exposure to the notions of thematic roles (or semantical roles) suggests that the particular inventory of roles posited varies quite a bit from one author to the next. The roles that seem to be most accepted are agent, patient, experiencer, and theme. But even these terms are applied variably depending on the grammarian. There are many many further challenges facing any attempt to produce a typology of predicates. A third example: One way to understand presuppositions is to consider the predicates that sentences contain. Sentence (1a) contains two predicates, each associated with a separate proposition: A second example should further illustrate the challenge of establishing a typology of predicates: This explanation relies crucially on the stance that the wh-element is the head/root of the embedded wh-clause. So for instance, in the following embedded wh-clause, the wh-element is the head/root of that clause: In sum, I think the endeavor is facing major challenges. There is no consensus about what does and does not count as a predicate in theories of semantics and syntax. The difficulties sketched here are going to require a decision after every turn.