The way out of this, to my mind is Popper. You can generally be really sure when you are wrong, and you can learn enough about the world from how seriously you are corrected that you can come to follow the rule almost exactly after relatively few tries. This is verified by interactive simulations of evolution that led us to discover genetic algorithms. A good learning algorithm can converge on something very close to a goal after relatively few clear corrections or competitive pairings. 

Also, there is a good reason not to consider technology as 'evolution', since it can be lost and regained far more easily than atavism can allow physical traits to be lost and regained. Merging these two concepts seems unwise, since they pursue different goals, an currently, to my mind, seem to be trending in opposite directions. We are trying very hard to suspend physical evolution, and to make humans' ability to reproduce more equal, and we see the middle classes worldwide in particular producing fewer copies of their genes in the interest of promulgating more emphasis upon their 'memes'. 

Do bear in mind that some pain is positive, especially in cultures with things like initiation rituals and transformative models of adulthood or high values for independence and 'realism' (in the political sense, not the philosophical one -- the pain that tells me I worked hard yesterday has a positive value for 'martyred' Catholic men; the Scourge is a tool in older traditions of Wicca for invoking ecstatic states through pain; lying on a bed of nails is purifying and redemptive.) 

In the Islamic tradition, God is said to be closer than ones jugular vein; but he is hidden behind a veil; In Suhrawardis philosophy/ontology of light, like Ibn Arabi there is an order of revelation; and (I'm speculating here) that understanding and inspiration is part of that order, as Socrates explained or suggested in Ion. 

The visual spectrum, for human beings, occupies only a very small section of the full electro-magnetic spectrum. 

When Einstein came up with GR, the notion of an eternal universe was the prevailing opinion which is why he chose a static spacetime; it was Hubbles evidence that the universe was expanding - to be more specific every star was moving away from every other star that helped tip the balance towards the Big Bang theory. 

Now, is there a good physical reason or philosophical reason for this to be dismissed as not sustainable? 

The higher cardinalities don't generally make an appearance in probability theory or in physics. 

Westerhoff, writes in his transaltion of the Nagarjunas Madhyamakarika (Verses on the Middle Way) that: 

I recall reading it was a Belgian priest Lemaitre that posited the Big Bang ie the Comic Egg in the 1920s; a notion that's also prevalent in other cosmologies; but he also called it the primeval atom - which suggestively links it up to Parmenides notion of the One; an interesting question would be what influence Hegels History of Philosophy had here - as this makes it remarkably similar. 

In the north, for instance, light skin allowed us to move north of the tropics and still have enough Vitamin D (while letting us get more skin cancer). And we evolved the various blood types to resist diseases more often caused by the cold (while creating certain difficulties in childbearing). To the far north, we think we evolved fat accumulation for warmth, and when those same people moved through the far north to the middle of the Americas, we see the same mechanism adapt for long-term survival in regions with extreme seasonal variation (while making for a lot of diabetes currently). So, this presents at least a 'tree' of adaptations that increases our flexibility. 

In the strongest version of Kuhn's view, the new material in those alternative replacement paradigms is completely incomparable. There is no strictly logical basis for comparison between the alternatives. Each has a hard core that basically captures what it can from the existing system, and so can be comprehended in its terms. But beyond that, they inject vocabulary and concepts that are outside the system and cannot be clearly stated in its terms. (The primary progress the new paradigm is offering will be accomplished by nailing those down, reducing them from conceptual imagery to well-founded science.) 

An ontologically random event is one which knowledge of circumstances is not a barrier; it is random by fiat. In principle completely precise knowledge of circumstances will not enable prediction in a precise sense (a statistical prediction is still possible). 

It was Kant that isolated the question of whether synthetic a priori knowledge is possible, and he suggested that this question hadn't been asked before; he suggested that this was possible, and placed under this rubric mathematics and our understanding of space & time. 

I also have the impression, though I can't be precise, that there subtle distinctions in how these atoms are concieved that would remove them further from the everyday than Westerhoff is making out. 

According to Popper scientific theories are never true but are always falsifiable. But as the theory develops these falsifying events (ie experiments) become more and more infrequent. What happens between these events? It seems to me that physics at a fundamental level must become a world unto its own (at a practical/applied level it must obviously remain involved with the world) in the same way as say mathematics is, and of course there aesthetic considerations play a large part even if they're not nominally thought of in that way. 

It was apparently because that this notion was so reminiscent of the creative act in Genesis 'Let there be light' that motivated Hoyle to modify the notion of the Steady State universe to take into account Hubbles evidence; but accumulating theoretical and observational evidence pushed mainstream opinion decisively towards the Big Bang. 

We cannot say that the noumena exists nor does not exist because that is an application of the category of existence, to the noumena which we insist we cannot have direct access to. 

Similarly We cannot say that the noumena causes nor does not cause phenomena because causality is also a category of understanding.