Breaking in a glove is pretty serious to a baseball player. Everyone has their own preferences. Whatever feels the best is what you should do. Personally I like a stiff glove. Once it gets flimsy at all, it is time for a new glove. Playing middle infield, I went for a shallow pocket and tried to make the glove an extension of the hand. Here is a brief Wiki article that may help understanding Of the sports listed, Basketball and Football are most reliant on size. This chart shows the average size of players from various sports. The thought that Mo'ne Davis could compete in the MLB with a normal skill set (by which I mean a fastball and two off-speed pitches) is absurd. Unless she developed a devastating knuckle ball she wouldn't stand a chance. This is purely physiological, females mature earlier than males and most likely we saw the best pure athlete that she will ever be. Don't get me wrong she could refine mechanics and control, but the likelihood she throws over 85 MPH ever is slim. If she were able to do that, then she would join the club of thousands of males in the minor leagues and independent leagues that can do so also. When a pitcher balks, a ball is issued to the batter, all runners advance 1 base. Here is a story about the Minnesota Twins landing a undrafted player with a lot of potential. The best way to break in a glove is to play catch with it. It will take time, but it will be broken in to your hand, the way you catch. Depending on the model and brand, it may be more or less difficult to break in a glove. Many of the top of the line gloves will be difficult to break in. This is because of the quality of the leather, they will last longer. Gloves that use faux leather can be up there in price while being softer and easier to break in. The previous record through three games was a tie between three players with four home runs: To answer the first question, according to Fox Sports this is a record (since 1970). When a batter gets 4 balls they take first base, forced runners advance safely If the defense runs a hidden ball trick on a base runner and gets him out, how would it be officially scored? How about a scenario: As for the second part, I have not seen a publicly searchable database with that fine of granularity. As for the stretch, it is used to deter the other teams runners from stealing a base. If the pitcher was in the windup, as soon as he started his windup the runners can steal. If the pitchers stops his windup that would be a balk with runners on base. He can still pick from the windup by stepping off with his foot that is on the rubber. (RHP would step off with his right foot and vice versa for a LHP.) Possibly yes. I've only ever heard of players being willing to take less. Here is a link to an article showing players from different sports who have taken pay cuts to stay with a team, or to be able to play one more year even if they might not be the player they used to be. "Maybe a little rebate so we can sign him," said Jones, the only non-catcher who showed up Wednesday, doing some hitting and pronouncing himself healthy. Well, there are a few downsides for left handed catchers, such as throwing out a base stealer at 3B, which would probably happen more often with a left handed catcher, but probably the biggest reason is pointed out in this quote I found here: Here is another article from 2005 where Chipper Jones of the Atlanta Braves offered to take a pay cut so that the Braves would be able to keep Tim Hudson. However, a letter written in 1869 by Harry Wright (1835–1895), manager of the Cincinnati Red Stockings documented something very similar to a seventh-inning stretch, making the following observation about the Cincinnati fans' ballpark behavior: "The spectators all arise between halves of the seventh inning, extend their legs and arms and sometimes walk about. In so doing they enjoy the relief afforded by relaxation from a long posture upon hard benches." Another tale holds that the stretch was invented by a manager stalling for time to warm up a relief pitcher. It is very uncommon that a player, especially one signed to a huge contract would ever take a pay cut to stay with a team, or be able to sign with a team who has a chance to go all the way. It happens quite a bit in basketball, with older players who want to win a ring(reference my first article).