There is at least one other vote, the Oxford English Dictionary. It gives two entries for modern English "lake". One, which they list in its earliest form as lac, has the sense "A large body of water entirely surrounded by land", attested c1275 (▸?a1200) in Laȝamon Brut (Calig.) (1963) l. 642 "Ouer þen lac [c1300 Otho lake] of Siluius & ouer þen lac [c1300 Otho lake] of Philisteus", and a1225 St. Marher. 14 "Ich leade ham..iþe ladliche lake of the suti sunne". This is the ordinary use of "lake". They say of the contemporary word In my west coast dialect, there are minimal pairs like "whore" [hɔɹ] and "horror" [hɔ:ɹ], "tear" [tɛɹ] and [tɛ:ɹ]. To validate the claims about transcription, we'd have to have an independent way to establish how much of the speech signal is [ɹ] and how much is vowel. If the rhotic is longer in the orthographically bisyllabic forms, thus we really have [hɔɹ] vs. [hɔ:ɹˑ], then this would not be a minimal pair, it would be like the case of "beat" and "bit", with length and quality co-dependent. The word is without doubt Indo-European, the question is whether it is strictly Germanic or did it come via Latin. Pokorny says *laku is the source of Gr. λάκκος, lat. lacus, OIr. loch, and lagu etc. in Germanic: see the Texas collection for more attestations, which includes English "lake". For *leg, the "leak" root, Pokorny gives Armenian, Celtic and Germanic only; the Texas elaboration relates that root to "lack; leak", and nothing like "lake". (leĝ would be a different root meaning "collect"). Texas lists lagu-lad, lago for OE and not lacu. I would be inclined to believe Texas and Pokorny (and AHD) over Wiki (also bearing in mind that the Texas list for Modern English gives all related words, no matter how they got there). But there's more. Another sense lake n.3 is "A small stream of running water", is attested as OE lacu, citing the attestation from 955 Charter of Edred in Earle Charters 382 Ðæt to Mægðe forda andlang lace ut on Temese. This they say is not from Latin lacus because of the meaning, and they derive the word from the "leak" root *leg. A half-vote also goes to Etymologyonline, which lists both roots, says that the modern word is borrowed, and gives both Old English lacu "stream, pool, pond" and lagu "sea flood, water, extent of the sea" (lagu being the OE form cited in Pokorny).