This is totally impossible, "fascism" was a heavily loaded slur word since at least 1936. I want to provide some context for the developments in question. At the time in Germany abortions were prohibited unless as a result of rape, especially by "subhumans". If a woman claimed she was raped by a Russian, the abortion was conducted for free so to prevent racial pollution. This legislation remained in force for some time after the defeat of Germany. I say this just as a fact and not to allege that a part of the rape claims were done so to get an abortion permit, which is though quite possible. By assuming that pregnancy followed a rape in 20% cases (based in the data from Charité) they miltiply the figure by 5 to arrive at 57800. They then assume that all women from 14 to 18 and older than 45 were raped in the same proportion (oh yes, Russians do not differ between a young woman and a 80-year-old hag) so to arrive at the figure of 110000 raped, derived from 9 reported rape cases. At the time no German tank could do anything to KV-2 and the only ways to combat them were either using anti-air guns or calling the bombers. p. 327 ‘That? Well, it certainly…’, Anonymous, p. 49 An example, a reference to an anonymous female diarist: Judging from the pattern which the Nazis established in their dealings with different ethnic groups, it is reasonable to assume that the Nazis would attempt p. 410 ‘All in all’, Anonymous, p. 102 p. 412 ‘Go along, for God’s sake!…’, Anonymous, p. 66 Is this true and to what extent? You cannot consider quality without considering quantity. The both sides had very powerful designs, but such designs were produced in smaller numbers compared to the most produced models. And, of course, these sub-humans all were alcoholics: p. 411 ‘You’ve turned into shameless bitches’, Anonymous, p. 202 For the Eastern Europe the Nazis had the Genaralplan Ost - the General Plan "East". According to this plan the large areas of Eastern Europe should be gradually Germanized, with the native inhabitants reduced in number, resettled and/or assimilated. The founders of the new states were the occupying powers who gave German people only partial sovereignty over the territory. They installed the political systems they wished, putting the new governments under strict control and installing reliable people at the key positions. All hostile political forces were either prohibited or marginalized. The new army forces were re-created anew following the US and the USSR's model. The new states were forced into the pro-US and pro-Soviet military alliances, their militaries became dependent on the equipment and spare parts, produced in the host powers. People took shelter in basements, old military bunkers, pillboxes, and even just caves made out of rubble. The only regular food were bread rations given out by the US Army. In 1946, the ration was 1275 calories, and to get this you had to sign up, be interrogated and risk being arrested for "war crimes" or be put into a "de-nazification" prison. Before the war started there were no death camps, and all of the camps were publicized as work camps. Letters were allowed in out and the conditions were made relatively public. Comment on Business Relations with the US/Americas In the immediate aftermath of the war, the Holocaust was represented by the emaciated corpses discovered at Dachau of which newsreels were taken, however, Dachau was not even a death camp. The prisoners died from starvation and cholera near the end of the war after food and water supplies were cut off. Some people in the comments seem to have taken exception to my comment about Germany's loss of business with the US and other countries. I know there is sort of a propaganda cult about how American big business "conspired" with Nazi Germany, but the reality is that Germany and Italy's trade with the entire world other than Europe was curtailed by the British blockade which included wheat and coffee as "contraband". In fact, even a United States mail ship going to Italy was embargoed by the British on some pretext. The British not only stopped any ships from going to Germany, but often stole their cargo as well. All over the world German merchant ships tried to hide in neutral ports to no avail as Britain and the United States found any means to coerce the country involved to hand the ship over to them. Also, you should realize that the Germans were not just a bunch of frenzied madmen attacking everybody. They were happy to co-exist with other countries that were friendly, such as Sweden. After the war started, many countries, including the United States (1941), Britain (1939) and France (1939), cut off commercial ties with Germany, which meant that Germany could not trade or do banking in those countries. Sweden, Switzerland, Spain and Portugal did not cut off trade and did business with Germany normally. As far as Germany was concerned why would they want to attack them? They were friends. It's kind of like saying, hey, the United States could easily conquer Mexico and Canada, why aren't we doing it? Germany primarily attacked countries that were either outright enemies, or were expected to become enemies in the near future.