Also, from Luke 21: (This time NIV) 

Jn.5:37: "And the Father himself, who sent me, has borne witness of me. You have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape. ‘Jesus gives the source of his commission, which is from the Father personally. It is the Fathers voice and form they have not seen, yet Christ has. 

15 When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:) 50 The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of, 

25 “There will be signs in the sun, moon and stars. On the earth, nations will be in anguish and perplexity at the roaring and tossing of the sea. 26 People will faint from terror, apprehensive of what is coming on the world, for the heavenly bodies will be shaken. 27 At that time they will see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory. 28 When these things begin to take place, stand up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near.” Not only were they operating without the power of the Holy Spirit, their use was a mockery of Christ's Holy Name. As such, they would not have the power necessary to stand against demons. 12 “But before all this, they will seize you and persecute you. They will hand you over to synagogues and put you in prison, and you will be brought before kings and governors, and all on account of my name. 13 And so you will bear testimony to me. 14 But make up your mind not to worry beforehand how you will defend yourselves. 15 For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict. 16 You will be betrayed even by parents, brothers and sisters, relatives and friends, and they will put some of you to death. 17 Everyone will hate you because of me. 18 But not a hair of your head will perish. 19 Stand firm, and you will win life. 

41 Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes. 

From Gill's Exposition of the Entire Bible found here: For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all. We can try to blame God all we want, and we can even try to blame the ancestors, but the simple fact remains that these people will be condemned because of their own sin. 19 By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison; 

16 For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised: 

He considered it to be divinely inspired: 14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come. Their unbelief and rebellion against God meant that their children, their children's children, and so on were not taught about God. It's not His fault, it's theirs. Because they chose to rebel when they knew the truth, and didn't teach their children, they doomed their children to not knowing the truth of God. This is one reason that Proverbs 22:6 is important. (Again, KJV) 

4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love: 

So His sacrifice only needed to be a one-time sacrifice. 

28 For wheresoever the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together. 1 Peter 1:20 (KJV) Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, Scripture also backs this up. Before the foundation of the world, we were chosen to be adopted by Jesus Christ Himself. Jesus' sacrifice was unique. It was offered by a preist who was sinless (Christ) and the offering was perfect - something unlike any other offering that ever had, or could, be offered (The sinless Son of God). 19 And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days! 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 

13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. So, the none of these people are sinless by the standards laid forth in Scripture. 

There's one possible answer to this apparent dilemma here. I've heard this repeated on Christian radio stations by protestant preachers from various denominations. 

20 Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water. John 3:16 King James Version (KJV) 

The obvious answer is "for the same reason He did anything. Because she suited His purpose and the will of the Father.". In death, it is only the physical body that dies. The spirit/soul continues to exist. 1 Peter 3:18-20 even tells us where his spirit went when his body died. It's not like it's a video game and He needs "faith power-ups". The idea of God being dependent on us is a a ridiculous heresy. That is certainly how that is interpreted by a large percentage of Christian groups, and it's how the author of Hebrews interpreted it. The common Christian answer goes straight to the words Jesus spoke in John 8:58 Finally, it should be noted that even in civil, earthly law, ignorance of the law is not an excuse for breaking the law.