Overtired/Undertired Loop Another reason a short nap might happen is that your child can get stuck in an overtired/undertired loop. You indicate that your child is awake for 1.5 hours between naps and taking 4-5 naps a day. This is most likely an age-inappropriate schedule for a 4 month old, as I learned the hard way. You need to be moving to a solid 3 naps a day. 

Since your child sleeps an age-appropriate long stretch at night your child is probably capable of more time awake during the day. You might want to look at sticking with 1.5 hours awake before the first nap, since babies often like the shortest awake period in the morning, but then stretch the awake time by 15 minutes or so more between each nap. So you'd do something like 1.75 hours before nap #2, 2 hours before nap #3, and even up to 2.25 before bedtime, although your child may need slightly less. I would gradually begin stretching time awake to see if it lengthens naps. 

Not Enough Sleep Left For Naps Young babies can't handle very long awake at a time and therefore need to take a few naps. However if a young baby is well-rested at night there may not be a whole lot of sleep left for long daytime naps. Older babies who can stay awake longer during the day and therefore have fewer naps have more consolidated nap sleep, which tends to mean longer naps. 

If you don't want to invest in a step down from swaddling product or find it doesn't work, you may just need to wait a few minutes without intervening - check with your pediatrician but mine said up to 20 was acceptable at this age, we only did 5 minutes at a time - while he figures out how to stomach sleep. 

This advice is specific to the schedule mentioned above. For many children short naps are a sign of being kept up too long before naps causing overtiredness, but the above schedule is at least on the border of being too short. 

It's also possible that your baby became overtired at some point - did you go on vacation or change your routine somehow? Being overtired tends to lead to more night wakings. Consider trying an earlier bedtime for several days and see if sleep improves. Just slide it 20 minutes for 4 or so days. If it gets better you may want to try even earlier. Make sure naps are in order as much as you can, too. 

I've heard that 4 months is the magic time when the usual gas pain will go away. I've been planning on gritting my teeth about this whole issue until my baby's 4 month check-up and bringing it up yet again if it's still happening. What should I say when I do, or should I try calling in yet again with other information? Could the pediatrician be missing something? 

I've seen online all the suggestions for Mom to avoid dairy or "gassy" foods, but I'm loathe to complicate life with an infant further without real medical cause and I don't know of any doctor who routinely advises a breastfeeding mother to avoid certain foods unless an allergy really is suspected. My baby doesn't spit up much that we can see but does seem to occasionally spit up and then swallow it back down. She's pretty cheerful, though, so I don't suspect reflux. It's just this night time episode when she's been lying still for hours after a feeding, hits light sleep, and then notices the pain. 

The book Bed Timing would suggest that 7 months should be before separation anxiety begins and that it is actually an ideal time for some form of sleep training. The book also makes a great point that no form of sleep training has been proven more effective than any other - the key is consistency in all methods. So if you are comfortable with a form of crying - whether it is total extinction or gradual waiting - this may be a good time to try. However the timing in Bed Timing contradicts the timing in The Wonder Weeks, so based on your child you'll want to decide whether now is a good time to sleep train. Based on what you're seeing I'd guess that the developmental leaps Bed Timing attributes to 8 months are happening early in your son and you may just need to soldier through until a happier phase, when you can begin to address any sleep issues that remain. Or you can try to address them now - depending on your child they may work despite the developmental issues.