- Isner v. United States, 8 F.2d 487 (4th Cir. 1925) 

The first committee, for example, included the Imperial Eagle of Germany. It was in one of six quarters the on the committee's shield, alongside French, Dutch, Scottish, Irish and English symbols, denoting the European countries whose people had populated the United States. The eagle appears in the bottom left quarter. 

In the Senate, only four senators out of 25 (+3 replacements), or 16% (14.3% counting replacements) had not previously served in the Continental or Confederation Congresses: 

The context for this specific photo was that a number of Japanese-Americans had been looking for housing in Hollywood, where they worked in menial positions. In response, white residents formed something called the "Hollywood Protective Association" in 1923 and campaigned to "keep Hollywood white".1 This is a photo of a member of that organisation, pointing at a typical sign of the era. 

I did find other sources claiming the war began prior to Jefferson's inauguration, in February: 

The last figure is in broad agreement with the previous source - 1.25% of 393,967 total slave owners would equate to 4925 Jewish slave owners. 

First off, most Canadian or American states' borders are not particularly straight. Even when they are supposed to be straight, there are often nooks and crannies. 

These numbers did not change much for many subsequent decades. The same figures appeared in references up till the 1840s and 50s. At some point however they were raised such that, by 1872, the pay for top American diplomats were about: 

Harrison, Simon. Dark Trophies: Hunting and the Enemy Body in Modern War. Berghahn Books, 2012. 

While this applies to the States only, on the federal level, the Coinage Act similarly established a bimetallic dollar with both gold and silver coins. That efforts were made on both state and federal levels to introduce bimetallism demonstrates where early American preference lies. 

In one case, a large number of skulls were harvested by a navy doctor. In 1974 he donated them to UC Berkeley for osteological studies, where they eventually became a museum exhibit. 

- Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. 

- Goldsborough, Charles Washington. The United States' Naval Chronicle. Vol. 1. J. Wilson, 1824. 

- Craddock, Stephen Culver. "'To the Honor and Credit of chte Country': A History of the Warships Mississippi."The Journal of Mississippi History 54 (1992): 128-147. 

(Source: Sparks, Jared, Francis Bowen, and George Partridge Sanger. The American Almanac and Repository of Useful Knowledge for the Year 1843. Vol. 31. Boston, David H. Williams, 1860) 

Early United States ambassadors were paid around $2,500, while consuls were unpaid appointments who receive remunerated from fees. That was of course completely inadequate, and the latter eventually resulted in abuses all around. As the federal government became better organised by the early 19th century, diplomatic salaries had been set to: 

They were paid a regular salary and given an "expense account" of sorts. At least, the higher ranking representatives of the United States were. While this was probably not a very adequate amount, American ministers were definitely not expected to pay for everything out of their own pockets. 

The 49th parallel had formerly been proposed by Britain as a formal border with French Louisiana as early as the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht. This was revived after Louisiana was purchased as a satisfactory border for both. At the time Louisiana claims include the entirety of the Mississippi's western watershed, while Britain claimed the all of Hudson's Bay drainage basin. Both extended north and south of the 49th parallel, respectively. Setting the border this was, in an appealingly simple (on paper) straight line, was thus an acceptable compromise for both nations. 

No less a historical figure than Winston Churchill (in "A History of the English Speaking Peoples") opined that the final outcome would like have been the same (a Northern victory) with less bloodshed if McClellan had been left in charge. The reason is that Ulysses S. Grant was winning in the west, capturing 'Tennessee in 1862, and Mississippi in 1863, thereby cutting off these states plus Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas from the main Confederacy, pursuant to General Winfield Scott's Anacaonda Plan. In 1864, Grant and Sherman could have traversed Georgia, cutting off another slice (Georgia, Alabama, Florida) of the Confederacy. Eventually, the South would lack the "critical mass" to survival. 

There were actually TWO endings to the War of 1812. 

The ACTUAL ending of the war was the Battle of New Orleans, January 8, 1815 (news traveled slowly in those days, so neither side knew that the war had ended). It was a complete, lopsided victory for the defending American forces, under General Andrew Jackson that helped catapult him to the Presidency. The British suffered some 2000 casualties (one fourth of their total), including the commanding general Edward Pakenham. 

The first, and "official" ending, was the signing of the peace Treaty of Ghent, December 24, 1814, which would have made a nice Christmas present. It called for a cessation of hostilities, the exchange of lands and prisoners, and the appointment of a joint commission to study U.S. Canadian boundary issues. 

I know that a number of others argued for alternate plans, but were those plans soundly based on information known in the fall of 1944, or were they "after the fact" critiques or second guesses of MacArthur? 

The battle of Leyte Gulf in the Philippines led to the destruction of half of what remained of the Japanese navy. It also "sucked in" all the troops that Japanese could spare from elsewhere, leading to their deploying about half a million men in the Philippines, a disproportionate number, that could not be transferred after the Japanese naval defeat. So far so good.