So, one might finally point them to Cathay, by Ezra Pound; an American poet - a modernist but immodestly interested in archaic forms who translated Chinese poetry - and ask them to use their own sense of words there, or to judge that little books influence... I'm more interested in cultures outside the ambit of todays literate cultures. One deduces from this that it isn't just Eastern Philosophy that is not ' respected' in the wider culture but philosophy per se. That this property of being curved or distorted is continually being passed on from one portion of space to another after the manner of a wave. The wikipedia entry on African Philosophy has the Kenyan philosopher Henry Oruka distinguishing "what he calls four trends in modern African philosophy: ethnophilosophy, philosophical sagacity, nationalistic–ideological philosophy, and professional philosophy...(Oruka later added two additional categories: literary/artistic philosophy, the work of literary figures such as Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Wole Soyinka, Chinua Achebe, Okot p'Bitek, and Taban Lo Liyong, and hermeneutic philosophy the analysis of African languages in order to find philosophical content.)" Yes, that is roughly correct - Kant is reacting to Humes extreme skepticism by discovering the objective conditions (within ourselves) that makes knowledge of the world & ourself possible. The IEP entry on Anaximander has: There are issues of course to do wth access to primary and secondary literature - he barrier of language; plus the alleigance one has to the coodinates of ones own native tradition. But to come back to your headline question, popularising philosophy isn't philosophy proper but is in itself an art-form; its degenerate & decadent forms are generally pop-cultural fodder or kitsch philosophy - on the level of Yoda in Star Wars. To make this clear - if I look at a chair without the Understanding all I see a mass of shapes and colours in space. It is pure sensation (intuition). By supplying the concept chair I make that pure sensation intelligible. On the other hand having the concept of chair without any sense-data is to render it contentless - it remains an abstraction. What are the connection between these two ideas? Is it purely historical, in the sense that Platos theory of Forms inspired the one for the philosophy of mathematics. If so, how far can we trace this idea as a distinct one in the philosophy of mathematics; or is there a proper relationship between them in the sense the Platonic realm is Platos theory of Forms restricted to mathematics - but then Why were the other Forms left out? Obviously literacy allows discussion over time & space, expands ways of thinking and allows a documentary record. A couple of references might be apposite here: The origination in water, seems to be a middle-eastern trope, for example in Genesis, one see that: It is problematic when we ask what this means in ontological terms; or as Parmenides pointed out we cannot conceive the void - the void is not; it doesn't trouble us that a name - the void - has been assigned to this allegedly unconceivable object. The name of the void, of course, is different to the void itself. We can percieve the name but not its referent the void. This, can be more or less difficult though; but there are certain routes. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And the flood narrative in the Bible, as well as Gilgamesh, can be interpreted as the world being born anew from the waters. Finally, to complete the circle, by using this definition in the category of finite sets (which have no internal operations given), we find that we re-invent the integers.