I assume you mean in a teamfight. There are two ways to play talon in teamfights. The first way is to play like a normal assassin and stay behind your team hidden. Only when the team's initiator(tank/offtank) go in and the fight has started so you go in and focus their ap carry. I say this because talon has a silence which will prevent their ap carry from doing any damage. In the case you are laning against an AP champion with an AD Ezreal then maxing the Q first will result in better trades. Skills and Passives optimized for level 1 I decided to write my own answer on top of Zamual due to the fact that his answer deals with what the benefits of using Promote rather than the actual question being asked: "When do you optimally use Promote?" For Seals, I would take flat mana regen(replenishment) because talon is pretty mana starved early game if he wants to farm well and still harass. If Talon is laning with a partner, choose a partner with good crowd control. Talon can easily harass with his rake while still farming. Just use it while the enemy is standing by the minions you are trying to kill. When an enemy is low enough, get the partner to stun or snare and you can cutthroat in and use to burst to bring down the enemy. Note that cutthroat will not only increase your damage but silence the enemy so that they cant ghost/flash or use one of their spells to escape before you kill them. Another trait of an effective jungler is having sustained and/or aoe damage to take down the creeps quickly. These junglers will usually focus the biggest creep in that camp and usually by the time they have killed that big creep, the aoe should have mostly killed the smaller creeps. Think about Riven, Shyvanna, Rammus, Amumu for a moment. Supports for the most part will be unable to deal enough damage to be able to clear the camps fast enough to keep up in gold and exp and still be able to gank. 

Not only do we have to look at the skills a champions have but also their passives. Some champions passives will be way more useful in level 1 fights than others. For example, Volibears passive will let him regenerate 30% of his health back when he reaches a certain threshold on his health bar. Or Anivia who turns into an egg when her health bar reaches 0. Contrast that to Ryze who gets a 1 second cool down reduction for each spell he casts. But that reduction can't be utilized at all since he can only use one skill at a time. Or Ahri who gains life steal for one attack after hitting 9 targets. This is great in all for sustain but during the course of a team fight, the passive will not really play a big factor. 

Soraka, however in my opinion, is a horrible jungler. It's true she can heal up and spam Starcall to clear the jungle. But at level 1, her clear time is pretty horrible. And I can't really imagine what she can actually do during a gank? The best she can do is probably silence someone and provide a tiny slow with red buff. But there are definitely way more effective junglers than soraka. 

When looking at the base stats, it is also important to pay attention specifically to the starting stat plus the stat gained per level. Let's look at Gangplank for example. Gangplank is generally considered a pretty squishy champion unless he builds health and armor/magic resist. He is one of those champions that people build as a glass cannon sometimes, someone who does a lot of damage but dies easily. However lets look at his base stat. He starts out with 495 + 81/level. That's a starting health of 576 plus any health that his starting item might have given him. That's quite a lot for someone who is considered a relatively squishy champion. Generally champions with high mobility or assassins should not touch promote. Promote are for defensive and slow champions. Champions like Heimerdinger can use this better because they usually stay in lane and set up a "base" with his turret and the super minion. Champions who are perhaps able to heal or buff the promoted minion can also get the most out of it. I think Janna would be a good choice. Since as a support she has passive movement buff AND her tornadoes are great to escape with, she can replace flash with promote. On top of that, her shield can add additional damage on to the promoted minion. 

All of Ezreal's skills scale off of AP. Essense Flux(0.7 AP ratio) and Archane Shift(0.75 AP ratio) both scale solely on ability power ratios while his Mystic Shot(1.0 AD ratio + 0.2 AP ratio) and Trueshot Barrage(1.0 AD ratio and 0.9 AP ratio) scale off of both AD and AP ratios. 

Although Caitlyn's Ace in the Hole is great for single target, it isn't very effective during a team fight. Ace in the Hole can be intercepted by another Champion(usually the tank who will take much less damage). Miss Fortune's ultimate Bullet Time on the other hand is very effective and lends itself great to the play style of a ranged AD carry. She is able to stay way in the back and as soon as the team fight starts, she can use Bullet Time's AOE(area of effect) damage to hit all the enemy. Then after most of them are low, you can come in and take the kills. Generally casters are a lot weaker at level 1 because they are limited to one skill and their base attack damage and attack speed are very low! This will lower the amount of damage they can deal.