The essence of this question is not so much, how to change my behaviour (which is always a must), but I'm not interested in why she is like this, I have a good understanding of her and the core issues need to be dealt with, but are not in the scope of this particular question. The other thing I didn't want, is my children to meet a string of men and as adults piece it together, oh mum must've slept with those men, how gross. My husband died 10 years ago. My children were aged 9, 3 and 1 at the time. I was always (and still am) probably too extreme in my stance on relationships with men, since my husband's death. My teenage son will often ask questions or make glib observations about things, he already knows the answer to, or understand at a deeper level. He does this to get attention and to get a reaction from me. Now the attention part is easier to address. Obviously, he needs more of my undivided attention. Does anybody have some good techniques for handling teenagers "playing dumb" about things? How can I get the best from my son, in terms of communicating intelligently and insightfully, rather than in a potentially destructive way of asking and making inane observations? Although I could see my children had the need for a father figure, I was not keen to introduce them to anyone unless I was as certain as I could be that they would be a permanent fixture. I didn't want them to go through any more unnecessary loss due to my poor judgement (in this case, possible poor partner choice). It's the getting a reaction from me that's not so easy. As a parent, a human being, I get worn down and my reserves of patience can become emptied, and so I snap or react. In this case I react, because I know he is intelligent and provoking me. The tv is outside my 12 year old daughter's bedroom. She likes me to sit up until she falls asleep (which is not difficult). I pull the door to and we agree on a maximum volume that makes her feel comfort that I am sitting up, yet not so loud as to disturb her. I generally shut the door if I am sitting up late. My concern is the long term effect on my daughter needing some background noise to sleep. At some point my (then 11 or 12 year old) son would often come into my room in the middle of the night without knocking. I ended up explaining to him that he could not do this, as one night he may get a shock if he finds I'm not alone. Is there any research on this? I think it's important to keep my sexual activities away from my children, but I thought it would be better to say something to my son, rather than have him walk in on us. Often, when I go to bed at a reasonable hour, she wakes up and comes into my bed. So I have tried putting the tv on a sleep timer, so it automatically switches off. It is hard to phrase this question, as it is an psychologically oblique problem. How does multiple partners being introduced to children of single parent families, affect the children? So my question is this: How much information is healthy to disclose to a child about a parent's sexual activities (obviously not details), is it good to discuss it, if so at what age? I had observed many single mothers (and single father's, but as I am a woman, I focused on my peers), having de facto relationships, that would fail, and then often repeating the same process with another person.