- De Beer, Gavin. Hannibal: Challenging Rome's Supremacy. Viking Press, 1969. 

In conclusion, the idea that the Great Wall forced the nomads west does not make much sense. They were in fact extremely active and relatively successful in China throughout this period. 

Let's approach this from another angle, by way of comparison. 

The clearly much older Roman Lighthouse standing next to the Anglo-Saxon Church inside Dover Castle 

Naturally enough, the Roman Emperors were no exceptions, though they may have been under more pressure to keep their activities hidden from the Roman public. Tiberius for instance was said to have bought numerous prostitutes to the relatively remote island of Capri. Similarly, the historian Publius (or Gaius) Cornelius Tacitus reported that Nero tried to hide his night life of sexual debauchery. 

Indeed, this is why harems were commonly staffed by eunuchs6: 

- Roth, Jonathan, and Jonathan P. Roth. The Logistics of the Roman Army at War: 264 BC-AD 235. Columbia studies in the classical tradition, Vol. 23. Brill, 1999. 

- Watson, Alan. The Spirit of Roman Law. University of Georgia Press, 1995. 

Lastly and more commonly, Anglo-Saxons built around old Roman ruins. St Martin's Church in Canterbury, or rather its predecessor, offers one such example. When King Æthelberht of Kent married Saint Aldeberg, a Christian princess of the Franks, she renovated the old Roman mortuary, and dedicated it to Saint Martin of Tours as the first Anglo-Saxon church in England. This was later later expanded multiple times, such that the original structure is now integrated into a newer building. 

So yes, some kind of "germaphobe" most likely existed in the ancient world too. Before the age of tap water and hand sanitisers, it's just not necessarily going to fit all of the modern stereotypes associated with germaphobes. 

In general, the name of the figure depicted is inscribed on the left edge. The apparent lack of letters around the possible P for instance may suggest this might be Pax, though that doesn't explain the possible T character to its lower right. 

After an apparently fierce debate, Sempronius prevailed and Fabius became princeps senatus. The episode is reported by Livy in his Ab Urbe Condita Libri: 

Another example is St Alban's Cathedral, located near where Saint Alban is supposedly martyred, although the current structure only dates to Norman times. In the Late Roman period a martyrium for him was built over the spot. Mathew of Paris claims in the 13th century that the Saxons destroyed the church in 586 and it was not rebuilt until 793. However Bede, writing in the 8th century, makes no such mention, attesting instead that Christian worship at his church continued to his day. This site is believed to be the only British example of a Roman place of worship continuing into the Anglo-Saxon period. 

The Etruscan language, on the other hand, was never that widespread. It also reached its height much earlier than Greek; most surviving Etruscan dates from around 700 B.C. Having been conquered by Rome since the third century B.C., the Etruscan heartland was completely subsumed into the Latin civilisation at time when Greece was thriving. 

Let us disregard the role of sexual jealousy and focus on the practical impact of such succession laws. Since any of them could produce the future emperor, all sexual partners of the ruler must be guarded from other men. This is to ensure that they could only be impregnated by the ruler himself, so that the correct progeny continue to sit on the throne. 

On the other hand, the law gave rise to a loophole for freeing slaves, by having someone go to the Praetor and argue a slave was wrongfully held. The owner could then deliberately throw the case, allowing the slave to be declared free. 

[1]: Kron, Geoffrey. "Anthropometry, physical anthropology, and the reconstruction of ancient health, nutrition, and living standards." Historia: Zeitschrift fur Alte Geschichte (2005): 68-83. 

We do also have some historical evidence, particularly from the height measurements of Roman soldiers. Soldiers probably would have been higher than civilians in general, though the results do seems generally in line with the skeletal remains: 

The main arguments for this route is that Hannibal may have chosen it so that he could defeat the nearby tribes. The military and strategic benefits of such a move is dubious, though. If the Carthaginians had any hopes for maintaining a logistical link to Spain, it was dashed within months. 

The prolific Punic Wars writer, Professor John Francis Lazenby from the Newcastle University, offers some convincing arguments about the difficulties Hannibal would have faced at Rome: 

While we cannot be certain what Pytheas might be referencing here, there are several islands to the north of mainland Britain, such as Shetland or Iceland. We also understand today that the Gulf Stream enables northern Europe to be warmer than it would have been given its nearness to the North Pole. Unaware of these facts, however, Strabos saw this as proof that Pytheas was a liar. 

The Etruscan language had largely gone extinct by the time of Claudius. Apart from perhaps some priests/scholars, Etruscan works would have been unintelligible to almost anyone who might possess Greek books.