If we were not somewhat selfish, to a degree that we gathered power to ourselves in the service of our genes, they would stop bothering to make us and make something else. 

So each of these is a stricter requirement that the one above it. 

Modern 'accelerationism' offers an explanation: It is unlikely that anyone in the Victorian period could have foreseen how little use there may ultimately be for the lower social classes, as we undermine the value of their products, compress their social institutions, and mechanize their working knowledge. Despite democracy, we are now more of a society where everyone lives in fear of simply being rendered useless and therefore powerless, than one in which democratic social institutions defend the majority from the powerful. So the power of the weak may simply not be as great as he imagined. 

So the 'how' question is somewhat moot. Free will without a self, happens. And the two may even be inversely related. For traditional psychoanalysts, the self, with its sense of responsibility, may be a force that removes freedom from the will, for its own good. 

Displacing this issue onto what is effectively a computer model, wherein the mind is viewed as a fact-rewriting machine, works for linguistics. In a Chomskian model, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_structure_and_surface_structure referents are generated as nameless tokens and resolved by transformations until they can be expressed. This kind of approach resolves the whole issue, but at the cost of stepping away from what 'meaning' is, and into a world that presumes the mind works a given way, albeit one that gets a lot of support when we look at how other cultures form and use their languages. 

People who talk about qualia are sure they are facts. If they are something intermediate between facts and values, much of their importance evaporates. In the latter case, since values are clearly negotiated, one can fall back on Wittgenstein to resolve the problem, by injecting the perspective that qualia are just artifacts of the social value of definitions. If red is an experientially defined parameter of our interpretation of sensory data to which we train our reactions, and not a quality, then all red things have in common is a social agreement about their likely physical effects on human beings, and not a real common content to our experiences. So to the degree qualia exist and have value, this has to remain unrelated to them. 

This can be held non-theistically. Pantheism is only nominally theism because it made monotheists feel better to think of it that way. There is no reason why the sum of all logic needs to be identified with God. It is what it is. There is nothing to be gained from praying to the sum of all logic. It both totally loves and absolutely hates you, while also remaining thoroughly indifferent. And it will react just that way. 

A is determined by B if only changing B can ever change A. In that case, there is never a change in A not caused by a change in B, so B supervenes upon A. (Temperature is determined by the average molecular speed, it supervenes upon molecular motion. No change in temperature is possible without increasing the molecular motion, but some changes to molecular motion (one slows down as another speeds up) would not alter it.) 

It seems obvious that the functions of the nervous system that ultimately control truly autonomous functions like peristalsis are not aspects of one's mental state. But someone recently suggested that the unconscious adaptations that keep one from stepping on rocks at the beach should be such. 

There is a standard "social psychology" example of a crowd breaking into a riot based upon mutual observation of one another's growing emotionality, without any orchestration or purpose. 

This non-linearity complicates the notion of 'levels' or 'degrees' of evolution beyond a very basic, broad scale. And I think it is best done away with to begin with, since, wherever I have seen it as a trope, it is generally racist or classist in origin. 

Also, there is a good reason not to consider technology as 'evolution', since it can be lost and regained far more easily than atavism can allow physical traits to be lost and regained. Merging these two concepts seems unwise, since they pursue different goals, an currently, to my mind, seem to be trending in opposite directions. We are trying very hard to suspend physical evolution, and to make humans' ability to reproduce more equal, and we see the middle classes worldwide in particular producing fewer copies of their genes in the interest of promulgating more emphasis upon their 'memes'.