The President is not removed, suspended or loses any powers of the Presidency unless impeached and convicted. It is possible to argue that everyone is a politician. But a couple of things count against the First Lady being considered a "politician". First The position of First Lady is not mentioned in the constitution. There are no duties required of the First Lady, she receives no payment. Secondly, the First Lady is not elected. If the President isn't married to a woman, then there is no requirement for there to be a First Lady. So insofar as a politician is one who is involved in politics, the First Lady is a politician. But if you consider a politician to be a professional position, then the First Lady isn't a politician in the same way as Senator, Representative, Governor etc. Humans are political animals. -- Aristotle 

Bill Clinton continued to exercise the powers of the presidency between his impeachment and his acquittal. For example, between his impeachment and acquittal there was a major snowstorm in Illinois. 45 counties in Illinois and some areas of Indiana were declared federal disaster areas by Bill Clinton and eligible to receive federal aid. This declaration was an official act by the president, exercising powers granted to him as the head of the executive. 

This could be done in one of two ways Remember, neither the DOJ, nor the FBI, can remove the President. That power, as well as the ability to investigate the President, resides with Congress. 

It was a way to deny the New York Times a scoop. When a news outlet gets a story like this you have to do a lot of investigative journalism to validate and verify your sources. If you've managed to keep it quiet, your paper stands to make a lot of money because you are now the source for all of this information. 

The Russians had hacked the DNC and John Podesta's email Were timing the release of some of the more salacious details to cause maximum political damage The Trump Administration is somehow proving benefits to Russia in a quid-pro-quo relationship That would be enough to topple a President. General sentiment would turn easily, and you could Impeach him readily (remember, Impeachment is largely a political process, not so much a legal one). For most of the nineteenth century, the main issue with this constitution was not its presidential nature or its effectiveness in enacting legislation but the question of “states' rights”. For the most part, states' rights advocates were defeated and the constitution took such a symbolic value that tinkering with it or drafting a new one like many countries have done during the last century now seems all but impossible. Plus the US did not go through any major defeat, foreign occupation or authoritarian regime of the kind that prompted thorough changes in several European countries. But if you read Montesquieu, separation of powers was not necessarily meant as rigidly as it was implemented in the US. The practical difficulties are numerous and modern constitutions tend to take a more nuanced approach (hence the apparent peculiarity of the US system compared to much of what came later). More recent constitutions also tend to be (much) longer than the US constitution.