"A language that I don't understand is no language." (Wittgenstein, MS 109) 

clearly, with n "little, we have no problem to "hold epistemically" (to imagine ? to visualize ?) it. 

We build scientific theories and mathematical laws on the assumption that they will describe the machinery "out there". [...] Aristotle clearly thinks that science is knowledge of causes and that in a demonstration, knowledge of the premises is what brings about knowledge of the conclusion. From the same author, you can find a book-lenght version of it : John Bell, The Continuous and the Infinitesimal in Mathematics and in Philosophy (2005). Consider nowe the set N wich include an "initial" element, call it 0, and for each element n, it includes also its "successor", call it S(n). 

For sure, a set S with n = 6665734529976967438675338965633321266643790584532111111 elements is quite far from beeing "easy to hold". I do not think that Searle will agree on labelling with "Social constructivism" his theory about Social relaity. In short, if questions of interpretation interest you at all, there's not much point in going any further before you have grappled with this text. To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. 

In Nyāya (classical Indian) epistemology, there are recognized four types of epistemological warrants (Pramāṇa-s): 

If you are interested in the intersection between Buddhist and Western philosophy, a good place to begin is with Mark Siderits's book, Buddhism As Philosophy: An Introduction. Tom McEvilley's book The Shape of Ancient Thought offers a historical perspective of the inter-connections between the ancient Greek and Indian philosophical traditions. We build scientific theories and mathematical laws on the assumption that they will describe the machinery "out there". 

πίστις is a Platonic term, used into Republic, Book VI, 511d-e in the context of the "classification" of knowledge: 

We can refer to the "basic" of Aristotelian science : Also : Dov Gabbay (editor), Inductive Logic (volume 10 of Handbook of the History of Logic, 2011). In fact it is not "real" knowledge, as we can see applying A's point of view : it is deduced from a false premise. It seems to me that the "tricky" word here is knowledge. Also : Ian Hackintg, An introduction to probability and inductive logic (2001) 

See Yuri Manin, A Course in Mathematical Logic for Mathematicians (2010), page 45 : One of the key-points of rationalist theory is : For sure, a set S with n = 6665734529976967438675338965633321266643790584532111111 elements is quite far from beeing "easy to hold". 

I'm not sure about a set S with n = 3567 elements. (iii) S is justified in believing that P is true. 

See : James Williams, Gilles Deleuze's Logic of Sense (2008), page 68: 

See in Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy : The different way in which the collective consciousness envisages and values the right and the left appears clearly in language. There is a striking contrast in the words which in most Indo-European languages designate the two sides. [...] The same contrast appears if we consider the meaning of the words 'right' and 'left'. The former is used to express ideas of physical strength and 'dexterity', of intellectual 'rectitude' and good judgement, of 'uprightness' and moral integrity, of good fortune and beauty, of juridical norm; while the word 'left' evokes most of the ideas contrary to these. As you no doubt know, the Kantian distinction between the sensible and the intelligible is, in Buddhist thought, collapsed into one level, so that they speak of six senses: the five traditional senses plus the "mind" or "intellect"-- and each of the six has a "sense door" (the eye, the ear, etc.) plus a field or domain of sense (vision, sound, etc.) In Nyāya (classical Indian) epistemology, there are recognized four types of epistemological warrants (Pramāṇa-s): 

As the Sabba Sutta explains, claiming knowledge of something outside of "the all" would be self-defeating: "if questioned on what exactly might be the grounds for his statement, [her] would be unable to explain, and furthermore, would be put to grief. Why? Because it lies beyond range." 

And, the criteria to judge whether or not a configuration of the universe has consciousness in it is: yes. Since we're talking about it, it does. If it didn't, we wouldn't be capable of raising the question. Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. Clearly "direct perception" is unlikely, and from a scientific perspective would be likely to be viewed as anecdotal unless the observation was controlled, etc.,-- in other words, unless you were functioning as a scientist, which you stipulated was not the case.