So, what interests me is, just HOW common was the money lending occupation among Jews in 1300 to 1700AD period in Europe? 

The agencies in the Wiki article NOT listed in the Chinese page are: 

While the reasoning for why Jews would enter the money lending is quite obvious, what seems to be missing from the picture is all the common boring non-money-lending poor jews (who didn't seem to enter popular culture's picture till Tevye the Dairyman from "Fiddler on the Roof"). 

European Data Protection Supervisor 

The stereotypical image of a Jew in Middle Ages (and the portrayal of them) was of course "the money-lender". From Ivanhoe's Isaac of York, to Shakespeare's Shylock, to "Проклятый жид, почтенный Соломон" from Pushkin's The Miserly Knight, we see the archetype. 

Wikipedia's Shylock page says this on the historical background section: 

The European Personnel Selection Office (EPSO) 

It's hard to tell which of these became mis-translated as 蓝色风暴共和国, but I'm going to venture a guess that it's Europol (European Police Office). 

Based on the list of institutions in the article and their order, the bulk of data seems to be likely lifted from the Institutions of the European Union Wiki page. 

I don't particularly care how you define "money-lender" professionally, but my own personal non-binding suggestion is anyone who either: 

This is most likely a bad translation from Chinese (or more specifically, bad translation from English to Chinese, then literally translated back into English). 

I'm going to add another answer specifically to address a separate part of your question: why didn't the same thing happen in Islamic world? 

Derives >50% of their income from money-lending. 

saw it fit to discard their teachings on the basis of their "unbelief" 

The only Blue Storm associated with EU is an IBM super-computer bought in 2001 for The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF). 

What percentage of Jewish population were money-lenders, vs holding some other profession? 

The Incoherence also marked a turning point in Islamic philosophy in its vehement rejections of Aristotle and Plato. The book took aim at the falasifa, a loosely defined group of Islamic philosophers from the 8th through the 11th centuries (most notable among them Avicenna and Al-Farabi) who drew intellectually upon the Ancient Greeks. Ghazali bitterly denounced Aristotle, Socrates and other Greek writers as non-believers and labeled those who employed their methods and ideas as corrupters of the Islamic faith. 

As for the dates, 1643 is the year of the battle of Rocroi which not only wiped out a veteran Spanish army but also Spain's enduring reputation for having the finest military tradition in Europe. 1659 is the year of the Peace of the Pyrenees which showed up Spain's great weakness relative to its chief opponent of the time, France. 

Poor finances. The Spanish crown defaulted on its debts four times: 1557, 1560, 1575, and 1596. This was due to poor management, constant warfare which cost a lot and brought meagre returns at best, over-reliance on New World bullion etc (see n. 2 above). This is a huge subject so I'll restrict myself to one eloquent quote by from Robert Walpole: (taken from here): 

Over-expansion and hubris. This needs almost no elaboration. One point will suffice. The 30 Years War pitted Catholics against Protestants; but it is illuminating to recall that the Protestant cause was supported and seconded by Catholic France, led by Cardinal Richelieu; more strikingly, the Pope himself was giving covert support to France against the Catholic champions, the Spanish & Austrian Habsburgs. This is not really surprising as the Pope was also a temporal prince, hemmed in from all directions by Habsburg dominions in Italy and anxious to diminish their preponderance. So, if even the Pope was against the Spanish Empire, are we to wonder that it aroused so much hostility, just because it was so big and menacing? 

This has been the standard approach in modern historiography, as far as I can tell; it and in fact it was espoused already in the 17th century by contemporary pundits and columnists who were then called Arbitristas.