Summary It's clear from the Catechism that the reasons for prayer are less about helping God out (because God certainly has the capability and desire to give us what we he knows we need), but more about aligning ourselves to God's desires. Prayer makes us able to understand that we need God to fulfill our needs and prepares us to receive them, while also providing us hope through Christ. In the case of asking for forgiveness, it also a prerequisite for other types of prayer. 

Is it accurate to say that this passage is saying that Protestants (or at least those who know the historical basis for the Catholic Church) cannot be saved unless they join the Catholic Church? Or is there something that I am missing? 

William Portier, chair of Catholic theology at the University of Dayton, expounded upon how popes choose their papal name in an interview with CTV News. 

My first thought was that perhaps a Saint needs a connection to Jesus, which all Christian Saints do. But part of Jesus' claim to legitimacy was that he was a descendent of people like David and Ruth. Furthermore, Moses and Elijah were present during Jesus' transfiguration, so they have a direct connection to Jesus. Yet none of these have the title of "Saint". Why not? 

515 Lk 1:48; Paul VI, MC 56. 516 LG 66. 517 Cf. Paul VI, MC 42; SC 103. 

One nice thing about the Catholic Church is that, because they have 2000 years of history to draw from, they have written a great deal about most every question of faith and have codified it as well. The Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) #2629-2633 discusses a prayer of petition (which is the technical term for a prayer where you ask God for something), and the reasons that it is done. In all the passages below, the bolding for emphasis is mine, any italics were in the original. 

Algonquian and Iroquoian Uses: 

Historically, Soþlice was used in Old English which could be translated Truly/Amen/So be it. 

In Pope John Paul's Apostolic Constitution UNIVERSI DOMINICI GREGIS, He suppressed the first two possible manners of electing a successor and the only way to elect a new pope is by secret ballot. 

Intestine (deceased-donor and living-donor) 

As an example, one may see the seventh candle in this video of Pope Francis' Chrism Mass (2015). The seventh candle is clearly seen at 1:56:24 minutes in and is clearly on the altar, on the left side of Pope Francis. 

Nevertheless there were a few exception from this ban of tattoos by Pope Hadrian I. 

Could it not simply be that parish churches in past centuries could not afford new vestments and continued to use their black vestments, even after they lost their black coloring and faded purple or some shade of purple thereof? 

I am truly sorry for every sin, mortal and venial, for all the sins of my childhood up to the present hour. 

We can go on and on, but we seemingly can not find out how purple became associated with penance, remorse or mourning and eventually replaced black as a liturgical color. 

In the gospels we often read about Jesus casting out demons. But there is one episode, where the disciples were unable to cast out a demon (Mark 9: 27-28). 

First a little background on the colors involved. 

Kidney (deceased-donor and living-donor) 

The cardinals simply maintain that things move along as they should. 

The second piece to support this idea comes from the Liturgical Calendar of the Sarum Rite.One can see on page 3 that Annunciation and Good Friday are on March 25th. The Sarum Rite is a variation of the Roman Liturgy in use in England, up to 1559. 

Blessed Charles de Foucauld (1858-1915) began a program of buying slaves in 1902 in order to free them. For Blessed Charles this was done as a form to encourage adoption. In addition to being adopted himself, he is also one of the Patron Saints of the Adopted in some Catholic circles. 

Some French speaking communities often employ the Ainsi soit-il ending at the end of some of their prayers. Although the use of Amen is by far the norm, many people who speak French still use this alternative ending to their prayers. 

Sedevacantists are people who deny the validity of the current Pope as well as the Second Vatican Council. That is more-or-less like denying Nicea. You can't do it and manage to escape the title "heretic." 

Confirmation can be seen at Pentacost/at the Baptism of Cornelius. 

"Extreme Unction" or "Anointing of the sick" is seen in James. 

Confession is a bit ambiguous. It clearly was a sacrament in the Ante-Nicene period, but it did not gain its current form until several centuries later. Meanwhile the basic form of the other sacraments was codified much earlier. 

Eucharist was the second. It first appeared on Maundy Thursday. 

Response to edit: There is little evidence to suggest that what are now called "the seven sacraments" were not always called sacraments. That said, I believe this document might be of use. 

*The word "mystery" is a reference to Ephesians 5:32. In Latin it is rendered, "sacramentum." Generally theologians will agree that they have the same intended meaning 

There is one Church. There are hundreds of factions (after all, any organization of sufficient size will have political infighting). Then there are many people who claim to be Catholic but are really heretics in sheep's clothing. 

Were there any who were merely schismatic? Yes, I think Henry VIII actually fits this definition. The doctrines of the Church of England remained largely the same until after Henry died.