La center WA had games structured were the blind was two dollars, and the bet or raise was two dollars and increased by one dollar each betting round, that would be written like 2/3/4/5 I would also ask what the average chip stack was at the table. Four handed and you and this opponent had the vast majority of chips, you should not of played the hand at all. If the tournament only played three spots you should not of become involved in the hand. I could also imagine a night mare scenario where the game was an ultra large NLHE with a pot that was hundreds of thousands, the players involved well known names like say Doyle and Lyle, cutting up money from some whale that drops millions in the pit every year. In this case if I am the floor person, I am taking the decision to the poker shift manager. If I am the shift manager I would call the Card room manager. If I could not get a hold of a manager I might consult the pit manager or casino manager if possible before making a decision. I was hoping that when online poker came along that they would start offering many variations of poker online and make poker interesting and challenging again. Sorry to say I was wrong and the simplest variation of poker became dominant. The ruling was technically incorrect. I made the ruling I did because the pot was small, and it was not a big deal to rule this way in the best interest of the game. However I also announced to the table, that the rules say plainly that you must table your card to have a claim to the pot, and that if this happens again, the pot will stay in the middle and be awarded to the winner of the next hand. So there you go the floor person has to decide what is going to happen with this pot when no player at the table has a legitimate claim to the pot. The really bad thing in this situation is that there is no totally correct ruling. The ruling is totally a judgment call. The rules cover the conditions under which a player may be awarded the pot, very little is said about what should happen when no one qualifies to win the pot. Here is what the floor person can do. As the other Jon Suggested hole cards by definition are hidden. The term "Hole Card" in poker means the cards in your hand that are only known to you. So your question may be worded badly. Also going to add that this situation is very rare. I only recall seeing it once or twice. Some might think this is dealer error. It is never the dealers job to refuse to muck a hand a player is mucking. In low limit games the dealer may remind players to turn up their hands, in a higher limit game one should dummy up and deal.