The inbox also suffers from being an unrecognizable graphic (how about making this a mailbox? or an envelope?) when there are no unread messages, though I suppose users will quickly get used to its location. I don't think that boasting here sets the right tone. Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. “the rules” → “all the rules”. Saying that new users don't have to know any rule won't go well. The full stop goes at the end of the sentence, after the closing parenthesis. Is there any reason for retaining the page tag, at least temporarily, that I've missed? Otherwise, the tag should be removed and blacklisted. The link to the list of sites, which I use very occasionally, is about 140 pixels wide and in a nice accessible location near the left margin (though for some reason not flush left). Unofficial extended version (over character limit) On the eleventh day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Eleven Chuck Yeagers, Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap On the third day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap On the ninth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Should diamond moderators spend time in review? Of course, they should, if they have time to do so. Why wouldn't they? As a moderator, I am also expected to spend time handling flags, and performing other janitorial duties which does take away from my ability to answer questions. Considering I have a full-time job, a family, and I like to spend time away from my computer (I know it's shocking), it can be a bit of a juggling act being a moderator on a site as big as SO. I've got to pick and choose what I'm going to tackle on the site, I could spend hours moderating the site. what's the worst-case that could happen? The typical line is that moderators should be involved in things that the community can't handle - that applies to flagging, user problems, etc. - review queues are open to everyone with the privilege including diamond mods. Questions should not be closed just because there is an accepted an answer to it. I am sorry but this badge would be pointless. Since the last SO election was less than 6 months ago, we reached out to some of the runners up to see if they were interested. Typically, if an election is within 6 months we'll ask the runners up. If more than 6 months, then we'll call for a new election. We use the 6 month timeframe as a guideline, it will always depend on the need of the site. Update: Here's a little preview of some of the things you can now find: Ok, well editing a question doesn't miraculously make it acceptable. Someone answering the question and still voting to close it really has nothing to do with anything. And as I said before, its topicness on another site is not relevant. So your accepted answer says absolutely nothing to support your argument that it's a good question, which only leads me to believe you don't really care about the feedback and only care about someone agreeing with you. And to be perfectly honest, everything you've written here in your question and comments seems to support that theory. Work harder to understand the scope of the site and develop a better understanding of that community. The fact that it was accepted on another site has absolutely no bearing on it's topicness on another. It's completely irrelevant, and should not even be mentioned, anymore. Useless information - seriously. Your question on Meta Programmers gave you plenty of valuable information that perfectly well explained why your question was not acceptable for their site. Might I quote the most relevant part: The inbox also suffers from being an unrecognizable graphic (how about making this a mailbox? or an envelope?) when there are no unread messages, though I suppose users will quickly get used to its location. Linkify “Contact Us” in the text? The full stop goes at the end of the sentence, after the closing parenthesis. The link to the list of sites, which I use very occasionally, is about 140 pixels wide and in a nice accessible location near the left margin (though for some reason not flush left). Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. On a similar note, the inbox has a worse contrast than the achievement list. I see the reputation thingy tick away with three characters (soon 4) in bright green that seems poised to assault me, while the inbox is usually a lonesome digit and is in a darkish shade of red that seems to try to stay lurking in its dark alley.