It's just not worth the risk, unless you can afford to be wrong about the frame's ride-ability. 

I was able to modify the frame successfully to accept normal cable routing, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you are very confident in your skills with drill and dremel. And of course it voids the warranty. 

When the frame design is tested and finalized, most manufacturers minimize the changes they make when creating the molds for additional sizes. 

The Foil Premium frame does not have the factory routing for mechanical shifting. It is designed for Shimano Di2 or Campagnolo EPS electronic shifting only. 

To respond to a couple of requests for more information in comments, I've added some detail about this frame mod. 

We often mount an aluminum stem on a carbon steerer tube, or handlebar. It is the torque spec for the aluminum stem which matters most, but the bar will also have max torque spec, and the parts used must allow the same torque range values, or they may not be used together. 

Way back when safety bike were becoming popular women wore skirts. Skirt lengths were to the ankle. The dropped top bar made getting on possible while maintaining resectability. Women were considered to fragile to risk hitting the top tube hence the slanted bar. The trend continued even long after women stopped riding in long skirts. Modern WSD (women specific design) geometry differs from conventional bike geometry. The difference goes beyond just size. Whether it is needed depends on who you ask. While some women may be smaller than the average male many are as tall, height is not the only issue. Many women have a different leg to torso ratio than the male average and the frames are built to fit that difference. This is not to say that a women needs a female specific frame or that a male wouldn't fit on a WSD frame. It all depends on the individual physical traits of the rider. 

Calling a bike something other than a touring bike is not going to make it cheaper or lighter. I would not eliminate touring bikes from you selection. Just go for the lightest bike that does what you want it to do in your budget. 

Found a quoted number. Just because it was on the Internet does not make it right but here is a 5-10 year quote. Bike Frame: Aluminum Vs. Steel 

Remove unit Loosen pinch bolts Use the bolt (shown in video) to put proper compression on headset bearings Tighten pinch bolts Re-install GPS unit Mainly I suggest you start with a seat tube based unit. 

But for commute I would recommend a cyclocross and and put touring tires on it. 

Another user of serial number is fraud detection. Is it even a valid serial number? Is it the correct frame for that serial number? Multiple bikes with the same serial number - definitely some counterfeiting going on.