The name “Father” signifies the essence; the maternal characteristics are attributes. I mentioned that God does possess many attributes can be expressed by maternal images. As the Catechism says, 

God is not man, that he should lie, or a son of man, that he should change his mind. Has he said, and will he not do it? Or has he spoken, and will he not fulfill it? (Num. 23:19). 

Of old you [the LORD] laid the foundation of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands. They will perish, but you will remain; they will all wear out like a garment. You will change them like a robe, and they will pass away, but you are the same, and your years have no end (Ps. 102:25-27). The Persons, however, are really distinct from one another, and what distinguishes them is their relationship to one another (and they are distinguishible only in this respect). The Father begets the Son; the Son is begotten of the Father; the Father and the Son (or, in the Eastern conception, the Father through the Son) spirate the Holy Spirit; and the Holy Spirit proceeds from the Father and the Son (or—in the Eastern formulation—the Spirit has his ultimate origin in the Father, but receives the Divine Essence through the Son). (See CCC 254-255.) Together the Soul and Spirit will either experience the Grace of God or the wrath of God. Here Jesus is telling us that one day we will see him sitting next to the Father who is Power. 

Beyond that we see God parting the red sea, for Israel, and drowning Pharaoh's Army in it. 

In the above passage Jesus is telling us His power is given to him by the Father. 

He also caused wood soaked with massive amounts of water to burn when he sent fire from Heaven. The first reference to spirit is in Genesis 1:2 and that refers to the Spirit of God. 

The veracity of Jesus claim is found in the Old Testament. Particularly in the Book of Isaiah, which is most descriptive, and also in many other Prophets from many years before his birth, which is foretold in Isaiah chapter 7: 

If Jesus did not have the power to take up his own life again, how would he ever have the ability to give eternal life to anyone else? Here YHVH (translated as "the Lord"), the God of the Hebrews, generally seen by Christians as God the Father, compares himself to a mother comforting a child. This suggests that God is not averse to being seen as a mother by us humans, who are God's children. 

And yet, looking at the Bible from the perspective of present-day Western society, which has moved toward a position of considering men and women equal, the almost universal practice in the Bible of referring to God as a male becomes problematic. It implies that men are by nature superior to women, since God is male and not female. 

By contrast, references to the God of the Israelites (which Christians see as the true God) are overwhelmingly male. 

For people in the cultures of the Bible writers, in which women were almost universally seen as inferior to men, to picture God as anything other than a male would have been to demote God to inferior status. (I'm not saying this is the reality; only that this is how it would have been viewed in those cultures.) So finding a biblical justification for referring to God as Mother will be slim pickings at best.