Mediatrix? There is disagreement, or at least a need for clarification, about what Mary's role is in our salvation. A lot of Catholics (me included) would like a definition of Mary as the Mediatrix of All Graces, but that hasn't happened yet. So, that part of your question is more or less up in the air as far as concrete Catholic teaching is concerned. St. Paul and St. Augustine both do a little more than allude to predestined saints, or the elect, but it is God's plan which He must know or He would not be God. Predestination is Eternal Law (reason applied to the supernatural) not dogma, and as such, it really has no bearing on our own ability to receive sanctifying grace. 

However, in the sadder case, there are instances where a second body was never formed where there is no concrete evidence that a second human was ever necessarily meant to exist: Pope Benedict XVI said, in an ecumenical dialouge at the Cologne World Youth Day that our divisions are "contrary to the will of Jesus" and he went on to make pathways to full communion for some sects. Pope Francis is continuing that and speaks openly about ceasing divisions with the Orthodox Church. You don't lack a soul simply because you were born with half pinky toes (I hope not, I've got half pinky toes). But the opposite can happen too, even in the womb a body can be said to "not exist" because it was consumed (apparently as an act of healing by the rest of the cells) If you have faith, the works will come your way, but it's still up to you to do them and if you don't do them, does that mean you didn't have faith? No, but it doesn't help your case in the final analysis. . Jimmy Akin is a "noted red-headed Internet apologist" 

EWTN Q and A - Dr. Richard Geraghty - 1/23/2004 So, the Catholic Church would exist with 0 living members and people would still be saved after death through the Grace of God. So I think you need to re-evaluate what is meant by necessary. I doubt many people come to believe because the existence of the Church equals x in their faith equation x + Jesus = saved. People believe what the Church teaches because it reveals Jesus in a way we couldn't do on our own. Pope Paul VI also showed in humanae vitae that the Church is the interpreter of the natural moral law. Both of these things, a close relationship with Jesus and clear discernment of right and wrong, can sometimes be acheived sans-ecclesia, even perfect contrition can be attained without confession (says Fr. O'Brien). But these things are made much easier with the spiritual grease that is Actual Grace which the Catholic Church spreads out on a table for you to partake of every day. 

Still, given the formation of the body or bodies God still has a plan in place, the natural function of twinning didn't fully take place. 

Alms giving is a corporal work of mercy. 

God must want us to increase in virtue, so whatever acts make us increase the most align us best on the path to seek the will of God. Immaculate Conception That teaching is known as the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of Mary. It means that she was conceived without original sin and had no inclination to sin as a result of original sin, she had freewill, but was as we will be (hopefully) in Heaven, following our intellect and not our passions. Contributing to the needs of the church is a precept of the Catholic Church. Judie Brown is the President of the American Life League I certainly hope you don't fall into that hole. I have some dead uncles who I hope didn't fall into that hole too! That kind of obstinancy requires hard work and determination (or willful ignorance). Fr. O'Brien goes on to write: 

I think you've got it wrong in every possible way and here's why. 

In the happy case where you have two distinct persons, you necessarily have two bodies (like Lake Michigan and Lake Superior are two bodies of water) Any act of charity helps build up within you the virtue of charity, but the most difficult acts are the ones that help the most. Giving one dollar to your Church is not a difficult act, steadily increasing your giving as you have the means will make you more charitable. Giving one dollar to a homeless person is not a difficult act, buying them a coat (or giving them your own is)