But here I'm hitting somewhat of a dead end. The site that Wikipedia relies upon for all this information doesn't list any ancestors of Charibert. But this site claims that his father was Tassilon I, one of the first rulers of Bavaria. Can anyone verify this claim? (Note that this would be impossible if we go by what Wikipedia says about when Charibert lived, but Wikipedia's own source contradicts that information.) 

Any help would be greatly appreciated. 

The countries Spain and Luxembourg are currently ruled by kings from the House of Bourbon, so I thought I'd try to trace their (patrilineal) ancestry as far back as possible. Well, the Bourbons are descended from the Capetian dynasty, which in turn is descended from a noble family known as the Robertians. The Robertians came to rule France in the ninth century, but before that they were counts of Worms, going back to their namesake Robert of Hesbaye. His ancestors were dukes of Neustria and counts of Haspengau (an older name for Hasbaye), going back to Charibert of Haspengau. 

The author comes to this conclusion: A quick look at the list of wealthy individuals from the middle ages, gives us William the Conqueror for someone most of us are familiar with. The wiki list is a bit vague on dollar amounts, so a little more research leads us to another article here which has this to say: Also, chickens do begin laying eggs more prolifically in the spring, with the increased amount of daylight, and cows are mentioned in the first source as starting to produce their full amount of milk in May, due to better forage. This would support the lectures contention of an increase in these food supplies in spring. 

So parts of the lecture, those discussing specific food shortfalls, I would agree with. Foods become scarce over winter, and become more avialable, specifically the dairy and eggs above-mentioned. As to Easter being associated with a 'Spring Harvest', I find nothing to support any major harvest occurring in the months of March or April. The countries Spain and Luxembourg are currently ruled by kings from the House of Bourbon, so I thought I'd try to trace their (patrilineal) ancestry as far back as possible. Well, the Bourbons are descended from the Capetian dynasty, which in turn is descended from a noble family known as the Robertians. The Robertians came to rule France in the ninth century, but before that they were counts of Worms, going back to their namesake Robert of Hesbaye. His ancestors were dukes of Neustria and counts of Haspengau (an older name for Hasbaye), going back to Charibert of Haspengau. I'm somewhat skeptical, because Bavaria (in modern-day Germany) is about 400 miles from Hespengau (in modern-day Belgium). But I suppose it's possible that one of Tassilon's sons went on a long journey west for some reason and established a new estate there. (This would be a case of a Frankish nobleman going to another Frankish territory.). In any case, if it is true then that would mean that the Robertians are ultimately descended from the Agilolfings, a noble family that traces its origins all the way back to Hermeric, a Germanic ruler who was an enemy of the Romans. 

The purpose of the drawbridge was to deny access to the castle gate. As such, spanning large distances was not usually necessary, at least by the drawbridge itself. The still-operational drawbridges at Helmingham Hall are a good example: According to Plantagenet Ancestry: A Study In Colonial And Medieval Families, 2nd Edition . Michael(III) Earl of Suffolk was a commander of the Rear Guard of the Kings Army, from September through October 1415. I would say the cattle of the middle ages were definitely smaller than modern varieties. So 20ft, or 6m appears to be the maximum distance a wooden beam bridge structure could be reasonably be expected to span. This also coincides with the estimate of the size of the drawbridge at Leeds. 

(there is also a list of sources used at the bottom of the web page.) Another match of the £400,000 figure, with a source. Later in the book(pg 72) they discussed the reasons for trusting the figures presented by this source: The author comes to this conclusion: 

Also, chickens do begin laying eggs more prolifically in the spring, with the increased amount of daylight, and cows are mentioned in the first source as starting to produce their full amount of milk in May, due to better forage. This would support the lectures contention of an increase in these food supplies in spring. 

The historian whose figures are mentioned is Orderic Vitalis, and the wiki page mentions, concerning him: 

There is some research on the medieval cattle topic here which lists many cattle sizes throughout the history of cattle usage. This shows the following figures for medieval times (numbers are the height to the top of the shoulder): So it appears the letter(or at least the second translation), though sent to Qutuz, was an insult aimed at the Mamluks in general as well, since Baibars and Qutuz had joined up to oppose the Mongols advance. The only thing he left out was a comment about someones Mother. I don't think he was really looking for a surrender.