There are a few things that can be wrong, and based on what you said, you probably now have more than one fault. You need to isolate parts to find out what it is. Most of the of these checks can be done almost instantly without removing anything. The chain will get in the way - you won't need to remove it though. 

Problem is the tire or the rim. This cna be caused by : Tire / rim mismatch Rim Faultly Tire faulty Tire incorrectly installed We know its not 1). Have a look at the rim and check for faults and damage. Then inspect the tire for a faulty bead or tear. It may not be visible (A broken bead can be hard to see but can usually be felt.). 

I would strongly recommend a new tire and tube for the replacement rim........ Remove the wheel from the bike and check the freewheel. It should be moving freely in one direction and locked up in the other 

Another likely cause in my mind is incorrect mounting. Install a new tube, pump it up, let it down and pump it up again to full pressure - all the time watching whats happening to the shape of the tire. Any sign of deformity, you need to investigate. You do not say how you went from jammed and not moving to moving and not driving - was there a bang/crack/snap involved? Check the chain line though the front end. Is the chain clear of the derailleur and sitting properly on the chain ring. Check the rear derailleur - is the chain running freely though it. If not, check the chain line and make sure the small sprockets are free spinning. At a guess, you suffered chain suck where the chain got stuck between the smaller chain-ring and the frame, or you dropped the chain between the rear cassette and spokes. The forces you then used have possibly been more than the QR skewers could handle and the rear wheel slipped in its mount. The weird force is the tire rubbing the frame. 

My real concern is the "However hard I tried....." - you may have done significant damage to drive train components. Never put pressure on a jammed drive train - a modern bike is actually a very highly tuned, lightweight and fragile piece of machinery. Forces it is not designed to take will break it. Edit: Information provided in the OPs comments indicate the rim has failed rather catastrophically (Fault 2. in the list) - I incorrectly assumed the strip was off the tire. You have a coice - if you don't want to buy a new wheel (at least rim, but a made up wheel is often cheaper) you don't have to - you just won't be able to ride the bike... I suspect what happened is the the rim was damaged by either riding with the puncture or during the repair, and has developed a crack. The stress from the ire pressure was too much for it. Another possibility is you put more pressure into the tire than the rim is rated for - however they should handle 8bar. 

Spin the pedals and check the bottom bracket is not jammed up somehow. check the pedals and cranks are properly aligned and attached to the bottom bracket.