Saline spray can help get rid of already present and dry phlegm. Apply it, wait a few minutes, then try to suck the phlegm away. Repeat if necessary. If used correctly, it is perfecly safe for even the smallest babies. 

Postpartum depression is a well documented and quite often happening illness. Consider seeking professional help. 

To remove the stuff from baby's nose you can use special suction tools designed for children. One of them is NoseFrida - there may be other with other names available in different countries, ask in your pharmacy and describe what you need. It looks more or less like this: 

How firmly should I clean those areas? Just on the surface and delicately remove any globules, or widen the area with two fingers and clean the area around the opening of the vagina more thoroughly? 

There are different versions of those - most of them you use with your mouth, some even are connected to a vacuum cleaner. 

It is possible that she feels "unnecessary" - since you were handling the baby so well. I would try to ask her for help, even when you are perfectly capable of handling a situation on your own, so that she would feel more needed. That's just an idea. 

I'm concerned about the hygiene of my newborn daughter's private areas. After pooping there are rarely any poop globules located between labia, but it does sometimes happen. Moreover, the "liquid" poop also has a chance of getting there - and it sometimes does. 

My daughter is suffering from gas pains. We have taken steps to reduce them, which were moderately successfull. Still, I'd like to know when will baby's gas pains go away? 

Up till now, she has managed to fall asleep on her own only three times - two of them in the last week. Is it some kind of hint that we should start trying to let her fall asleep on her own? 

When should we start trying to lull her to sleep in her bed? Is it already time to start sleep training? On one hand, we would like to start it as soon as possible, but on the other - the current routine is working well and we wouldn't like to rid ourselves of a few hours of sleep per day. 

The problem is that this routine involves a lot - about ~20 minutes - of carrying and another 20 minutes laying on us falling into deep sleep. It will become more difficult and tiresome as the baby grows, so we would like to change the routine and eliminate those two parts. 

We have followed all elements on every newborn checklist we could find. She has no fever. Her clothes seem perfectly comfortable (she wore them few days before). Everything we can think of seems to be in order.