- Willoughby, John. Remaking the Conquering Heroes: The Social and Geopolitical Impact of the Post-War American Occupation of Germany. Macmillan, 2001. Hajnal's pattern is sometimes thought to originate from the value of retaining a daughter's labour on Late Medieval farms of Western Europe. Later on, the habit of young women and men to work in other households also delayed marriages. This contrasts with the Mediterranean situation, where domestic servants were more likely to be married and widowed. Other arguments propose that the need for financial security (due to the habit of relocating away from home upon marriage) forced delays. Generally speaking, most European women since married in their early to mid twenties, to men in their mid to late twenties. The age gap for the commoners, i.e. the vast majority of the population, were typically not large. Unfortunately the question declined to define how much younger is "much younger" supposed to mean, but most Europeans married well after the onset of puberty. The claim that spices were worth their weight in gold (quite an exaggeration to tell the truth, for all but saffron) also shows why the spices had a market. Gold and silver were expensive, and yet there was clearly a market for it. The Spanish shipped in shiploads of it from the New World, for instance. Spices, which were cheaper and yet consumables, would logically have a bigger market as long as Europeans have a demand for them as luxury goods. Undeterred, the next year John Jay and another local merchant, Thomas Croft, launched a second expedition with two ships. Croft was later charged in connection of this voyage for shipping salt illegally, but exonerated on the grounds that he was exploring, not trading. The Court of the Exchequer noted in its proceedings that: Recognition of independence is different from de facto independence. Any Greek delegation would presumably have known this well. The fact is that the Palaiologi were very extensive, being numerous within Greece herself even after the fall of Byzantium. Although the legitimate Imperial line died out by the early 16th century, this did not deter many of them from conveniently "discovering" a connection. Pieter Geerkens gave a good answer on feudalism, but missed the mark with the conclusion that the elective monarchies appeared from areas that were not part of the Carolingian Empire, because of a lack of feudalism. [16] Saito, Osamu. "The Third Pattern of Marriage and Remarriage: Japan in Eurasian Comparative Perspectives." Marriage and the Family in Eurasia: Perspectives on the Hajnal Hypothesis (2005): 165-193. Data from the Middle Ages are scarce, the earliest statistical records from the Late Medieval and Early Modern periods demonstrates a relatively high, and increasing, age at first marriage. By the Late Middle Ages Dijonese women were known[3] to marry at 20. This rose to 21 during the 16th century, and everywhere in France the mean age of first marriage seemed to have climbed to about 25 by the 18th. [4] Murayama, Satoshi. "Regional Standardization in the Age at Marriage: A Comparative Study of Pre-industrial Germany and Japan." The History of the Family 6.2 (2001): 303-324. Portugal As is well known, Portugal's attention was preoccupied by Africa during this time. Still, there were sporadic westward interest. The most notable involved João Vaz Corte-Real. He was part of a joint expedition into the Atlantic by the Kingdoms of Portugal and Denmark, who were allies by marriage ties. They may have discovered North America following the routes of the Vikings of old: [10] Haines, Michael R., and Richard H. Steckel, eds. A Population History of North America. Cambridge University Press, 2000. When US paratroopers landed in Sapporo, an orgy of looting, sexual violence and druken brawling ensued. Gang rapes and other sex atrocities were no infrequent ... In the first 10 days of occupation, there were 1,336 reported rapes by US soldiers in Kanagawa Prefecture alone. Subsequent studies[8] on 15th and 16th century Florence confirms that all women married when 18 to 19, to men between 27.7 and 31.2. However, men with higher socioeconomic status tended to marry older, a trend not reflected in women's marriage patterns. Obviously this depends on how many defenders there were inside the castle. A castle garrisoned by a single person could probably live reasonably well off the chickens that might be in the bailey, for instance. He could even start a vegetable garden or some such.