Many of the users in these rooms aren't even active on SO/SE, they just chat Note: I'm not a lawyer and all advice here is purely from my thoughts You gave consent by accepting the ToS: If it's not April 1st, then run this in the dev console first: The expert thingamajig should appear! Actually, many "delete" buttons on the Net are only soft deletions. Fact is, they don't want you removing valuable content at whim. Blur the search box (click outside it) Also, remember that rep is a rough measure of how much the community trusts you. You, not your account. The trust system goes boink if someone else uses your account. So, is it legal for child younger than 13 years of age to read and use content1 on the SE network? If not, why? Besides, IP addresses are not explicitly listed under Section 1302(8) "The term "personal information" means individually identifiable information about an individual collected online, including ...", though subsection (F) ("any other identifier that the Commission determines permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; or") may include it, depending on what the Commission has decided. I've noticed that many users, especially Indian ones, use the chatrooms as a place to socialize (nothing related to the site/topic, just IMing), as well as to garner votes. I see a "review" link on the top of the page, which takes me to a few "review queues". Also, these rooms are usually in Romanized Hindi (or another Indic language), so the mods just leave them alone. (and more, but I don't have a list of those) While reading this answer, I realized that the ToS is ambiguous (at least to me, a non lawyer). But I was able to find a bit of technical discussion in each, so I didn't escalate the issue. What is the criteria for a post to be removed from the various queues? A few weeks back, I'd taken up the task of keeping an eye on these Indian chat rooms. We had deleted http://chat.stackexchange.com/rooms/3688/cooking-tips, and I had found some others: