It was narrated from Ibn 'Abbas that the Prophet (ﷺ) said: "The blood of every Muslims is equal, they are one hand against others. The asylum offered by the lowest of them in status applies to them (all), and the return is granted to the farthest of them." The Prophet ﷺ emphasized the same concept in his hadith: And when I am ill, it is He who cures me. The Jinn in this verse omitted the attribution of evil ("whether evil is intended"), but attributed the good ("their Lord intends for them a right course") to Allah. It is worth noting that some scholarly opinions are that the healing properties mentioned in the verse are those of the Qur'an, not of the honey. This opinion is also possible, in spite of the hadith in Sunan Ibn Majah about healing with both honey and the Qur'an, as it is a weak hadith. The two hadiths that you quoted are related to Al-Hurūf al-Muqatta'ah. These are combinations of 1-5 alphabets that occur at the start of 29 chapters of the Qur'an which are recited as separate characters rather than syllables. — Sunan Abi Dawud » Model Behavior of the Prophet » Hadith 4604 This surah was revealed to the Messenger of Allah in Mina, in the middle of the days of al-Tashreeq in his Farewell Pilgrimage: «When the victory of Allah has come and the conquest». He recognized that this meant his life was to end soon, so he ordered [them] to bring over his camel, Al-Qaswa', which he mounted. Muslims gathered by al-'Aqaba, where he praised Allah, then said ... — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: The Christians of Najran and the Jewish rabbis gathered at the Prophet's. They argued with the Prophet, with the rabbis claiming that Abraham was a Jew, and the Najrani Christians claiming that he was a Christian. Allah revealed: The Qur’aan was revealed either with relevance to the events and incidents that took place during the life of the messenger (saw) or that Allah choose to reveal it without there being an incident related to its revelation. Thus we see the difference between the collection of Abu Bakr and the collection of Uthmaan is that the compilation of Abu Bakr was done with the intent of gathering the parts of the Qur’aan that where preserved in writing with the companions into one official book, while the collection of Uthmaan was to establish a standardised Qur’aan that the people would unite upon and not differ about. It says that "Hasuran" with respect to Yahya (alayhi salam) means he is immune to illegal sexual relations. That is what Allah has made him. It does not mean he refrains from sexual relations with women he marries (i.e. legal), but that he is immune from illegal sexual relations. The Prophet (peace be upon him) stated: Thus the three stages are in summary: The manuscript on which the Qur’an was collected, remained with Abu Bakr till Allah took him unto Him, and then with ‘Umar till Allah took him unto Him, and finally it remained with Hafsa, ‘Umar’s daughter. (Collected by Imaam Al Bukhaari in his ‘Saheeh’ 4679) To sum up, the Mus-haf should and is worthier to be put on an elevated place. However, it is not disliked or prohibited to keep it in a ritually pure ground. One thing we should remember is that among those killed in the 9/11 incident were also innocent muslims. How can the terrorists justify their killing when murder is a major sin? This verse in Qur'an asks muslims not to kill one another or themselves. Then how is suicide bombing or any kind of bombing justified? Indeed they are lying against Allah and the messenger and Qur'an says those who invent lie against Allah are sinners.