So I wouldn't be so quick to use cold biographical facts to dismiss the leadership qualities of someone you've never met. In the right situation, some otherwise very flawed people are the perfect leader for the moment. In a big enough group, such people will naturally rise to the top. The First Crusade was in 1096-1099, and was promoted by Pope Urban II in 1095. That's nearly two centuries earlier. Churchill always maintained publicly that, worst case, their government would retreat to its colonies (most likely Canada) and try to fight on from there. For example, there is this often overlooked coda to his Fight them on the beaches speech: Prime examples of this would be the German and Italian unification movements. Before these movements started there was no concept of a "Germany" or "Italy", except perhaps geographically, and at first both were just ideas in the heads of their proponents. If you are talking person-to-person conflict, ie: murder, then no. Violence is a standard part of human behavior, shared with our chimpanzee relatives. Just like with chimps, the violence is largely (but not entirely) carried out by males. The natural conclusion here is that whatever common ancestor our two species had 4-13 million years ago, predominantly male violence was likely part of their behavior. This is cheifly something that was done back when there was a draft (and thus men of fighting age would have been at a premium), not something done today with the USA's all-volunteer armed forces. So the reference in Stripes was probably an anachronisim. Today the USA armed forces generally do not even accept convicted (violent) felons. For example, the current Army regs(pdf) on this require a waiver for a lot of criminal offenses, and a lot more cannot be waived. While being perhaps the most comprehensive, it is far from the only American work of history or nonfiction covering what might be considered "bad" behavior on the part of the United States. Any bookstore or library in the USA with a non-fiction section is full of such works. Much of the reason their past history of things like native genocides, slavery, racisim, domestic terrorisim, improper wartime behavior, etc., is so well known to the world at large is because of American authors and American publishers. As far as modern international law is concerned, things get interestingly complicated. I think its fair to say in every case most of those people would have preferred to stay at home, but the powers-that-be in their homelands were making it impossible for them. Given that experienced veterans are generally far better soldiers than new recruits, I think its fair to say they wouldn't have done that if they could typically expect another decade of good performance (from the early 40's to the early 50's).