If the villain was anything more then tight weak I would fold. Your particular M compared to other players in the tournament is a pretty good benchmark about how well your doing in a tournament. Of course the practicality of figuring every players M is a little tough, until the tournament is down to a few tables. You should ask a tougher question. You can omit the NL or Limit in the line item if the header says something like No Limit Hold'em Tournament. Hero generally has a calling hand here, he is getting a little over three to one on his call, the call is not crippling to his stack and he has position. However there are reasons to fold at this point also. The amount he has invested is small and his hand against a raise from a tight player is at best perilous to his tournament life. His hand of Queen-Ten is no better then 5-7 against the rank one hand he suspected the player had. He needs a strong flop, two pair, three of a kind or straight, or a straight draw and hope he does not have to waste to many chips missing it. Then hero gets to bust a player and go merrily on his way to win the tournament. There really is no practical reason that you could not deal everyone in after bringing in new players even if a few of them were under the gun between button and blinds. Its just a matter of ignoring Roberts rule, and codifying your own. For some reason that spot between button and blinds has been taboo to allow players to play in. But reality is there is no reason not to deal them in there besides that it just seems odd to people. In cash games that require posting players may post for there first hand between the button and the blinds. Why not deal in tournament players there? Roberts rule here is simply the way most people do it. However, it doesn't mean a tournament director could not do something different if they wanted to. (Roberts rules are not official anywhere unless someone decides to use them, and even then they are welcome to pick, choose and modify according to what they need and want). But those kind of flops do not happen very often. What happens more often is what did happen, one pair, top pair on the flop is hit, the queen in our hero's case or the flop is missed entirely. If a hand that hits is still unplayable after the flop, I have base argument to muck the hand before the flop. Or in other words I need compelling reasons not to muck the hand before the flop. I would also ask what the average chip stack was at the table. Four handed and you and this opponent had the vast majority of chips, you should not of played the hand at all. If the tournament only played three spots you should not of become involved in the hand. Some games had rather complicated limits, at circus circus in Reno, the blind was one dollar, first two rounds you could bet 1-3, and the turn and river the limit was 3-6, This would be written 1-3/3-6. We are only confused here because people believe there is a dead button, there is no such thing. You could assume that the blind was generally the size of the first bet or there about. In limit blinds did not define the game the way they do in NL, the betting structure defines the size of the game, and blinds had a little variance. With the notation a back slash denoted blinds and fixed limits. A big blind limit game like ten twenty limit, was "10/20". These days with the prevalence of NLHE it should be written "10/20 Limit". This describes a game that the pre flop and flop you bet one unit, turn and river is two units, unless blinds are specified the default is small blind of half a unit (or so) and big blind a full unit. After reading Harrington, I started thinking in M's during tournament play and it did help to simplify the whole process. I urge you to pick up Harrington's books on tournament play for more about scoring your position with M and the lengthy discussions he has. Average is a good benchmark especially early in a tournament. Later in the tournament it is more about your stack size compared to costs, costs being blind and antes, and how many players are at the table to modify the costs. Dan Harrington in his tournament books calls this scoring "M's". The very general conversation about "M" score is the lower the M the more aggressive and desperate you should play your stack. The higher your M the tighter you can play your stack. Therefore, you cannot be dealt in on the button because coming from another table there is no button in the spot you are about to sit at, it always belongs to a player that was involved in the last hand at the table. Whom exactly has the button is determined by the factors of the hand before you got there, and only the players in the hand are eligible. I would write it NL 200/400/75 There is really not a standard. I have a standard that I used to use on my web site that I will share, the standard is not one I devised, it was around and used in most card rooms. It is a notation for describing game limits, and tournament levels. With the advent of online poker people started describing games in different ways and what standard there was got muddled. Also people tend to assume that everyone is talking about no limit hold'em, which is essentially a bad assumption.