it is important to stress that this is exactly not Kant's point. The opposite is the case: TD itself is the verification! – The "proof" that his categories apply to the objects of experience is exactly what Kant tries to achieve through TD. Finally, then, the productive sciences are mainly crafts aimed at the production of artefacts, or of human productions more broadly construed. The productive sciences include, among others, ship-building, agriculture, and medicine, but also the arts of music, theatre, and dance. Another form of productive science is rhetoric, which treats the principles of speech-making appropriate to various forensic and persuasive settings, including centrally political assemblies. A unified sensory experience can only possibly be accounted for if the categories apply to that sensory experience. [Insert complex/puzzling justification of claim (1) here…] Since we do perceive that kind of unified experience, the categories do in fact apply to our sensory experience. With Hume against Hume In order to understand Kant's philosophical move, TD must be set against Hume's empiricist psychological theory. Hume denied that apriori concepts could correctly apply to objects featured in experience, because only concepts (Hume: ideas) deriving from sensory experiences (Hume: impressions) can actually apply to the objects in our experience. Apriori concepts lack such a connection and therefore, according to Hume, fail to apply to the objects of experience - they lack objective validity. Your question is complicated because you take the big bang as an example, which marks also the "beginning of time" and is thus more problematic. In fact, the first of Kant's famous antinomies is dedicated to it. And he starts his preface in the Critique of practical reason explicitly addressing his title: Kant was acquainted with so-called natural history his time, i.e. the work of Linnaeus and Buffon. Kant introduced an important distinction between "description of nature" (Naturbeschreibung) and "history of nature" (Naturgeschichte). Only the second can aspire to be science proper. As Kant writes, To get an overview of the actual argument deployed in TD and also get a better grasp on how TD fits into Kant's broader project, you may read a very good summary from a philosophy course at UC Davis. Against this position, Kant employes TD to prove that certain apriori concepts do correctly apply to objects featured in our experience, i.e. that such apriori concepts have objective validity after all. In doing so, Kant doesn't counter Hume's point, he actually concedes that apriori concepts cannot be derived from sensory experiences. He does, however, object to Hume's conclusion that a priori concepts therefore cannot apply to the objects of experience at all. To block this conclusion, Kant needs to show that there's another, non-empirical way in which apriori concepts can correctly apply to experience and achieve objective validity. This alternative way is through a transcendental argument, see the outline above. Kant might be said to have undermined the soul by denying that anything could be known about its nature by means of metaphysical deduction. James give no indication that he believed there was any difference between the soul and the transcendental ego, nor do the writings of Kant suggest that. The difference between earlier dualism and neo-Kantian dualism is a distinction between subject and object, rather than between body and soul. The second part of his argument is based on the idea that this type of determination is irreflexive. That is to say that this determination is different from that which is determined. If our existence is determined by something permanent, and this type of determination is a irreflexive, it follows that that which determines our existence as being in time must be external to us. Furthermore, the distinction must be maintained between the subjective and objective determinations in order to avoid error: The idea that the predicate of an analytic judgement is thought to be contained within the concept is somewhat confusing unless it is understood in the context of the following: Can Kantian categories only be applied to objects given by the senses? Rather, the reasoning should proceed as follows: In response to your questions: Since judgement is a spontaneous act of the understanding, error arises in the misapplication or lack of application of judgement. Kant addresses the subject of error as follows: The following is the argument that Kant presented to refute idealism: On the contrary, Kant does make a phenomenal-noumenal distinction with respect to the mind. In the following, for example, he speaks of us knowing ourselves only as we appear to ourselves: Given that he believe that some synthetic propositions are necessarily true, Kant needed to distinguish them from analytic judgements which he also considered necessarily true. Therefore, his definition of analytic judgements must be understood such that it maintain the property of necessity. In the case of analytic judgements, necessity is rooted in nothing more that convention or agreement. If it is thought to have any other basis, it ceases to be analytic: The first part of his argument is based on the idea that our perception in the time is only possible in relationship to something permanent and external to us. This idea is more fully elaborated in the First Analogy of Experience: Yes. I don't think there's any real debate about that. Throughout the Critique of Pure Reason, one of the principle themes which Kant maintains is that the proper application of concepts is limited to objects of experience. If that weren't the case, all his arguments against the paralogisms in the Transcendental Dialectic would lose their force. He refers to them as paralogisms precisely because such arguments employ the transcendental use (A341/B399) of concepts which, for Kant, are illegitimate: Footnote: Am I right that I'm appealing to consequentialism in the last sentence above? Even when viewing rhapsodies or kaleidoscopes, do not humans interpret them spatially and temporally? Here is my more realistic example: Observation of a beauteous waterfall presupposes organisation by time and space; by time because the observer must think of time as increasing to observe (the beauty of) the falling water (otherwise, she will not see the water as falling); by space because she must be standing away (at a safe distance) to observe. I am conjecturing that a) is incorrect because they can be performed by humans and so are Phenomenal. Why is d) not also an answer? Anything perfect does not exist for humans, and so must be Noumena? Source: p 114, A Little History of Philosophy (2011 ed; but 2012 Reprint ed extant) by Nigel Warburton PhD in Philosophy (Cambridge) But as 1 and 2 appear to contradict each other, I question whether 3 is a posteriori. Why need I any visual experience of reudh, or any colour, to understand 3? If, never having seen reudh, I am told that 'rouge' means the exact same thing as 'red', then I will have understood the equivalence of the nouns 'red' and 'rouge' (though I still will not know how reubh appears).