The situation changed somewhat when the UK acceded to the European Convention of Human Rights in 1951 and more strongly with the Human Rights Act 1998, which incorporated the European Convention on Human Rights into domestic law. Article 10 of the ECHR states that everyone has the right to freedom of expression. 

In 2008 section 3A was extended to cover hatred based on sexual orientation. 

Several Prime Ministers were members of the Lords rather than the Commons, although not in modern times. See this link to a UK government website for examples. Many items on that list have a far bigger practical effect than the ceremonial pretence that the person with a very uncomfortable-looking metal hat actually gives permission for anything to happen. Yet if we disallowed all those countries from being democracies we would have to think up some another word to mean "those countries in which, however imperfectly, the people are ultimately in charge." 

Yes. It's really a democracy because it has universal adult suffrage and governments are regularly voted in and voted out in reasonably fair elections. 

Against that a non-MP leader could easily lose touch with the concerns of the party's MPs and vice versa. More broadly it is likely that a non-MP leader would be unacceptable to voters' democratic sentiment, unless, as in the case for very small parties, it is obvious that the party has little choice. A significant precedent under the ECHR was Handyside vs UK (1976), which specifically stated that ideas that offend, shock or disturb are protected. (Though Handyside still lost his case.) UKIP is indeed disliked by many - it is political Marmite - but substantial numbers must have liked something about it. According to the Wikipedia page on the UK general election of 2015, UKIP ranked third in that election in terms of numbers of votes received. The Conservatives got 11.3 million, Labour 9.3 million and UKIP 3.9 million. Presumably that "something" that attracted the 3.9 million was UKIP's main and only significant policy offering, rather than love for a newish party that had managed to be notably fractious in its short history. The main Act of Parliament curtailing free speech in the UK is the Public Order Act 1986. 

Let's put it this way, if the line dividing real democracies from not-real democracies is drawn such as not to allow the UK to qualify, then there are very few real democracies in the world. Certainly not the USA with its electoral college! Part 3 of the Act makes it a criminal offence to use (Section 18) or publish (Section 19) threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour with the intent of stirring up racial hatred where racial hatred is likely to be stirred up. According to the polling organisation YouGov, 95% of those who voted UKIP in 2015 voted Leave in the referendum. So apart from the mischievous 5% of UKIP Remainers, that chunk of vote was delivered straight to Leave. I don't have time at the moment to look at the other parties but I will just quote the same piece from YouGov (emphasis added):