If your main concern is seeing your book in bound form, and you don't mind paying for it, this path may be for you. Just be aware of what you're getting into. Vanity presses make their money from authors, so they have little incentive to actually sell books. They offer no marketing support, and your book will not generally be stocked on bookstore shelves or get reviews. Most books published through these companies sell only a handful of copies. It is possible to sell large quantities through self-publishing, but it generally requires a lot of hard work on the author's part, promoting and marketing. A platform, such as speaking engagements, can also help. Even then, it's a bit of a long-shot. 

Do Your Homework This post has already gotten rather long, and it's nowhere near being exhaustive. Publishing is a complicated business, and it pays to do your research. Find some author, agent and editor blogs that talk about the business. There are literally hundreds of them these days. Read up. Ask questions when knowledgeable people are willing to answer. You can never be too prepared! 

Publishing through print-on-demand shares some of the pitfalls of "vanity" press, namely the lack of any support from the publisher. Print-on-demand is probably even less likely to assist with formatting the manuscript for publication. However, the cost of entry is generally much lower in print-on-demand. Querying an agent usually involves sending a query letter and the first few (rarely more than 5) pages as a sample. Agents will specify the exact format they desire, and they will almost all be slightly different. Writers Market is one of the better-known resources for agent listings. Note that they are a paid service. (They also have print editions). For the most part, agencies are all on the web these days, and they should describe their preferred formats on their site. Once you've signed a contract with the agent and gone through any revision, they'll begin shopping your book around. Hopefully everyone loves it, there's a huge multi-house auction, and you can retire! Another option, "Vanity"/self-publishing, is more popular than ever. Be extremely wary, however! "Vanity" publishers will disguise themselves as small presses, large presses, and anything else they think will get you to fork over your hard-earned cash. In traditional publishing, the money always flows toward the author. If you see anything about up-front fees, you're typically looking at a vanity publisher. Most of these businesses make their money from authors, who pay significant sums to have their books published. If your query piques the interest of the agent, they will usually request a "partial" - basically a larger chunk of your manuscript, like 30 to 50 pages. Then, if they still like what they're seeing, they'll request the whole thing. 

A quick google search indicates there are also a number of clones. I cannot comment as to their quality, having never tried them. 

Agents Typically, you would begin querying agents. Agents offer a number of benefits: Occasionally I've seen novel excerpts published in short story venues. They're usually sections of a recent or forthcoming novel that also hold together as a self-contained story. Alternately, sometimes an author starts with the short story, which is later expanded into a novel and sold. (I believe Ender's Game is one such example). Also, be aware that making a story freely available to anyone on a site like Fictionpress effectively uses your First Electronic Rights, and possibly others. This means you are no longer able to sell those rights. This can be a big turn-off to publishers. You may want to do some research on publishing rights before putting a story online, if you plan to submit it for publication. Fictionpress is a popular website that allows anyone to upload stories, read those stories, and comment. As the site is wide open, the quality of comments varies wildly, along with the quality of stories. Earlier in my life, I frequented the site, but I eventually left, as I wanted more constructive feedback than I tended to get there. It does have the advantage of being easy to use and having a large user-base. Finally, print-on-demand is an emerging alternative which allows books to be printed one-by-one, rather than in large runs. Companies that offer this service typically take a cut of each book sold, and are able to remain profitable by keeping minimal inventory.