Shinrai pretty much has it right for what likely happened.. Crashed game will not save the chunks so the portal never got generated and the Nether likely regenerated fresh, again, when you loaded the world back up again. I know the worlds are generated randomly by a seed the creation of a new world. I also know that there are rules to how everything is put together. Water only between these levels (as an ocean) ores of type X found in range Y, everything pretty much between 0 and 128. They have a nice little set of diagrams on the wiki that help explain the layout a bit better but it pretty much means the bookshelves must rest at the same level or one block above where the enchantment block is placed. I had two creepers, two zombies and a skeleton in the trench. They would catch on fire when trying to run into the wall with a lava block on it, but never die. They just sit there on fire until they move away from the block. If you open your world with MCEdit, you can select the area containing the TNT and use the “Delete Entities” operation to delete all the activated TNT in that area. (Note that Delete Entities will also remove any minecarts, boats, and wolves in the selection. MCEdit will show entities as transparent red blocks, but not what type of entity they are.) Bow and arrows: I strongly recommend keeping a bow and arrows, if you can, because it enables you to kill monsters at a far distance (especially important since spiders jump at you and creepers will explode without actually touching you). A bow requires three string and three sticks, so the hard part is killing enough spiders to get the string. You could: So, just as conclusions from the above description, some other ways sand can break besides falling on torches: I have invented a solution to this problem using a mechanism to apply one tick of lava damage. It occurred to me that a tripwire could be placed immediately above lava in order to remove it (using a dispenser) as soon as a mob hits it, thus preventing the mob from continuing to swim in it. Doing this for the water as well as the lava means that no acceleration is needed to make sure the mob will fall down, so the whole mechanism is only a little bit of extra height above a standard fall-damage trap. Music Disc 11 is currently not available through normal game play. Source What I am looking for is if there is also some sort of rhyme or reason to just the overall shape/makeup of land on the surface level. Like is there some sort of ratio that this % of the surface must be covered in water vs land or the like. Shinrai pretty much has it right for what likely happened.. Crashed game will not save the chunks so the portal never got generated and the Nether likely regenerated fresh, again, when you loaded the world back up again. I have a tower with a trench around it. Suspended in the walls by signs I have pockets of lava. The intent was to have mobs fall in the trench, try to get me in my basement and eventually touch the lava and catch on fire. This they do, but they do not die. EDIT: To estimate where the portal will appear in the nether from the overworld coordinates, divide the over world coordinates by 8.. But remember that the portal is somewhat randomly placed from that location to be within 128(ish) units from it. Just do not die near fire or lava that may destroy your items when you drop them. Is this supposed to be happening? Is this an SMP only bug? Looking for some guidance :) However.. easy way to solve this is go back to as close to where your portal led you the first time, and die.. You will go back to the over world. The nether will be saved -including- the items you just dropped from dying. YOu should be able to hop into your portal again and while it -WILL- generate the portal in a new location (9 out of 10 times atleast), it will be close to where it was the first time, and you can go pick up your items again.. If you have an L-shaped set of 3 columns, you can position yourself to do the same all-at-once digging trick, but there's no way to do it with a 2×2 (since your aim can't pass through all four). In order to place a map in the world, you must place it in an Item Frame. There must be a minimum and maximum depth (Y coordinate) at which mine shafts occur, so you could also limit your search to those levels, but I don't see that documented on the wiki. Whenever this happens the server sends a message to the client resetting the player’s position to the last valid one (this can be noticed from that player’s perspective as a sudden shift). I know it can be hard to build mechanisms from screenshots, so if you would like any further explanation of other camera angles, feel free to ask me to add them. Burning: It is possible to set enemies on fire, but it doesn't kill them very fast. A more practical possibility is to drop a bucket of lava. The safety of this depends strongly on the terrain (you can outrun lava unless you're clumsy, but the real hazard is if the flow blocks you from walking back to pick up the source), but if you can do it then it will bog down the enemies that try to chase you across the lava and kill them reasonably quickly.