It will most certainly be the attacking team protesting here. Since the defending team will most likely be under pressure near their own goal, advantage should not be played if the referee needs to take action against dissenters. Play is stopped, any player(s) guilty of dissent is/are cautioned, and play is restarted with an indirect free kick taken by the defending team from wherever any dissent was being delivered from. A player in an offside position receiving the ball from an opponent who deliberately plays the ball (except from a deliberate save by any opponent) is not considered to have gained an advantage. For free kicks, referees may allow players to move the ball out of a small hole, as there is always some uncertainty as to where the offence occurred and hence where the restart location should be. For penalty kicks, this is not possible, as it explicitly states in the Laws where the ball must be placed. The current fine for this offence (PDF link) is 500 Australian dollars. From Law 14 - The Penalty Kick, Section 1 - Procedure: Players politely and calmly appealing for decisions is an accepted part of the game - however, protesting decisions once they have been made is not (in spite of what you may see at the elite levels of the game). The referee should simply say 'no' and move on. If players continue to appeal, argue, or remonstrate beyond this point, they are then protesting and have crossed the line to dissent. This is highlighted on p. 126 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game: As an assistant referee, you should be positioned half-a-metre to a metre back from the touch line to avoid being struck by players or the ball, level with the offside line (either the second-last defender or the ball). The principle of awarding a restart from the most advantageous field position (by playing a silent advantage) is enshrined in this piece of unrelated advice on p. 120 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game: No, a player cannot be penalised for an action against a teammate that is normally (only) a foul if done to the opponent. If there are assistant referees appointed for the match, the referee will receive help from them to ease any uncertainty. Whenever a shot is taken, the assistant referee should follow the ball all the way to the goal line (as it becomes the offside line when it moves beyond the second last defender).