There are several questions there whose content could be moved to a tag wiki. Update: I went through and deleted all of the sock-puppet accounts that were used to create bounties won by this user. There were around 20 sock-puppet accounts (I lost count), and over 5000 points of bounty awarded. There were over 1000 points of free reputation gained (because the system adds a free 50 to every bounty), which I assume was the whole point of this experiment. I'm not deleting the account yet because there are still some other accounts that have used the same IP address that need to be looked into for strange behavior. I answer them when I see them. Most of these are just "List of X" questions anyway, and they're mostly lists of links on top of that. The top answers are also mostly collaboratively edited CW posts, so no one will be losing out on any future reputation if we move the content to a tag wiki and delete the questions. There are a couple of things at play here. First of all, if you think the answer in its current state is a bad answer, downvote it. It's as simple as that. If the community does the same, it will be pretty clear there are problems with the answer. Let's look at your question. It starts out with Great, that's what you want. Now reading further, besides some unclear parts regarding your precise objective, I can't help but wonder what the problem is. What is your question? How far have you gotten towards what you want? What is missing? Why can't you create it? Or did you do so but got stuck somewhere? Taking all that into account I feel the closure was appropriate. That really signals a couple of things. You seem to think that anything that can be answered, is a proper question for Stack Overflow. It isn't. I bet you I can fulfil my clients' requests, if they tell me what they want to have in the end. And so can some of the great users of the site write code for you that does what you want it to do. (I think they really shouldn't, but some are willing to go beyond what can be expected from them) That is not where things become unclear. Does that mean the content is bad? No, not necessarily. It's just not for Stack Overflow. The whole "rant" against users closing content they are not familiar with is not really justified in most cases. It is often easy enough to evaluate what is being asked and what kind of answers are invited as a result, to be able to judge the question without expert knowledge in the intricacies of a subject. While I somewhat understand you're upset about a favourite topic getting such a treatment, I think it's in line with site policy. Then there is the point of integrating your content. Is that allowed? The answer to that is "yes, with proper attribution". All content you contribute on the site is perpetually and irrevocable licensed under a CC-BY-SA license. So you can't stop the copying from happening, provided that the copier provides proper attribution. Has he done so? Well, to a point. He does state "as Laszlo pointed out", which he edited in after a comment by yours. So now the question is, has the author of the answer gone overboard in his copying of your content? My view on that is that he hasn't. In the way I read his answer, and the history of his answer, he has taken your advice and (the various now deleted) comments to heart, and tried to address the issues pointed out by you (in the deleted comments) as best as he knew how. And that is fair game in my book. If you're in this game for the reputation and glory, this might be somewhat hard to swallow. But as the author of the answer says, he's not in it for the competition. And I personally take a similar point of view. You've contributed possibly good content. You will be rewarded for that over time. If you think something needs to be done about the answer, vote as you see fit. But other than that I don't see something here which should not be allowed. I delete a lot of spam accounts. If the only reason an account exists is to promote a site or product, I will delete it. If you were providing any actual content you would have been given a warning. What the heck, since I have a picture with my fancy hat and tie, I might as well keep posting these. Happy birthday to BoltClock! Who do I have to prove it to? If I see a spam post at all, 99% of the time it was because it was flagged by someone else in the community. There are several questions there whose content could be moved to a tag wiki. Looking through their answers, many of them did win bounties. You can tell when a bounty is collected by the yellow outline around the checkmark. If you hover your mouse over the checkmark, it even tells you how much the bounty was.