However, the transfer of motion example rather confirms Hume's view that what we directly observe is not the "causing", but one type of event following another with regularity. Thus, causation plays a role similar to theoretical entities, that of unifying experiences, except it formed even before scientific practice made introduction of such entities systematic and deliberate. Hume thought that it is formed through a subconscious psychological mechanism, "the law of association". Once this "theoretization" is accomplished the presence or absence of causation is determined based on holistic considerations of forming a coherent picture of environment rather than just induction on individual observations. Some previously admitted regularities, such as thunder following lightning, are reclassified as having common cause rather than directly causative, others are dismissed as coincidences or superstitions. At this stage proximity still remains a requirement for proximate causes. 

Professional philosophers of science went back to Kant soon after Helmholtz. Marburg neo-Kantians introduced two approaches that came to dominate the assimilation of Kant: externalization and relativization. Kant tacitly identified scientific process with individual cognition assuming that scientific discovery follows the mental a priori. Around 1870 Cohen, the founder of Marburg school, proposed to get rid of this "psychologism", and explicitly identified knowledge with scientific knowledge, and replaced Kant's things in themselves with an object of knowledge as ideal limit approached through a succession of refinements. Cassirer played a key role in transmitting the neo-Kantian creed to logical positivists. After Einstein's formulation of relativity Reichenbach, an early logical positivist known for coining "context of justification" vs. "context of discovery", explicitly suggested that a priori should be relativized to account for scientific succession, they last longer than the theories they help generate, but even they are updated from time to time. Finally, in Carnap, the logical positivist par excellence, we find Kant fully externalized and relativized, one could even say formalized. Pure reason (single) becomes a linguistic framework (one of many), synthetic a priori become its definitions, axioms and application rules, the duality between sensibility and understanding, and hence appearances and experience, becomes the duality between observation and theoretical languages, and the noumena/phenomena distinction becomes the distinction between external and internal questions, the former being pseudo-questions devoid of meaning within the framework. For all their disagreements, Popper also accepted the key elements of this picture, formalization of scientific theories and the observation/theory distinction. It was a neat picture, until Quine and Kuhn ruined it. 

To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. 

If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. 

To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. 

Perception Inference Analogy Authority Now, with this in mind, let us take a case where you have a number of scientific studies with conflicting results, and you wish to form an opinion as to which is most reliable. Which of the aforementioned warrants could be used to lend credence to one or another study? 

Hume's prior analysis of human faculties leaves him far more sceptical than Locke about their fruits. He rejects the "innate capacity to reason", and his analysis of our sensory input convinced him that the "unities" which Locke and even Berkeley still saw there, were mere "bundles of perceptions" lumped together by frequent repetition. This included even the sacrosanct dogmas of the inner "unity of self", and the outer "chains of causation", retained by the experimental science from the traditional metaphysics. Hume does single out mathematics as more trustworthy, but that is only because it covers "relations of ideas" only, and no "matters of fact". Contra Locke, it can not therefore serve as the ideal for empirical sciences. The role of the latter reduces to associating experience to form useful habits. That is Hume's "mitigated" scepticism, see Hume: Epistemology on Philosophy Pages. 

This is not specific to space and time or Kant, whatever mental schemes or categories are used to synthesize perceptions they can not keep up with evolving scientific descriptions. If categories are "conditions of the possibility of knowledge" how is it possible that scientific knowledge eventually violates conditions of its possibility?