This is just my fallible opinion, but I'd approach it something like this: Better to start small (making sure the consequences affect him alone), and increase as desirable. The goal is to love your child and help him to become a successful (not meaning money here) adult. Modelling responsible behavior for him and letting him learn about consequences that way is a good thing, too. Most parents want their child to succeed. Placing something continually out of their baby's reach is frustrating, and most people don't do this intentionally. If the baby tries and fails, parents will often adjust their expectations. If you really believe the twins are delayed developmentally, I personally feel it's not only ok but ethically responsible to approach the parents, but not with just your dis-ease about the situation. I can't think of any risk in this normal behavior (yes, this qualifies as normal) in a normal baby (contrast this to children who engage in abnormal activity, e.g. head-banging, who are putting themselves at risk). The idea that you can encourage a baby to do something before it is developmentally ready to is foreign to me. Think about baby talk: facial expressions are usually positive and exaggerated. Pitch varies more than in ADS. It is more interesting to the baby to look at (more variation in visual cues) and it teaches something about social interaction. Vocabulary is more limited,sentence structure is shorter and more repetitive, allowing easier learning of phonemes, etc.3: All in all, I think that your son is not necessarily particularly behind in speech; but that doesn't mean you shouldn't stay on top of things, as if it turns out he is developmentally delayed in this area, the earlier you address the problem the better it is for his future. My youngest is also 22 months, and is definitely not "speaking properly" by some definition, though he sounds like he's a little further along than yours - he puts 3-5 words together ("Not do that", "Stand up", etc.). Definitely not sentences or anything else I'd call "properly", but quite in the normal range for a child of that age from my experience. There are definitely a variety of different ability levels when it comes to speaking; 22 months should be able to say some words, but it sounds like he's at that level. Boys tend to be further behind than girls in terms of speaking, and if he's an only child (or a first child) then it's also going to delay things some in terms of sophistication (speaking in sentences, for example). You should be seeing your pediatrician at around 2 years old, hopefully, and during that visit you should discuss this concern with her/him. Your pediatrician is able to help you understand exactly what you should be concerned with. He/she can test your son's hearing, which is the most common problem related to speech; particularly if your son had more ear infections than is typical for a child (more than 3 that required medication, I think) this is a good thing to check. I recommend filling out an Ages and Stages questionnaire for his age, such as this one which is appropriate for 24 months. This gives you a checklist that will help you answer questions when you go to your appointment; many of the questions the doctor should ask are on this sheet. Do not expect your child to do all of the things listed - it is intentionally including some things that would be well above age level (I've always felt as an honesty test, largely, though I don't know for sure) and every child certainly develops differently, so different children would be at different levels in this questionnaire. Putting him in a playhome (I assume this translates to 'daycare' of some form) will neither help nor hurt him in this area, as long as you're regularly interacting with him when he is at home; if you're busy (a lot of cleaning/cooking, or online education classes, or such) then it likely would help him; children learn to talk by hearing others do it, first and foremost, so if he's around people who talk more around him (both his-age and older kids, and the teachers) he'll be able to improve. People have been raising babies for millennia, and doctors rarely see injuries or conditions caused by this manner of overeager parents.* Having a baby sit up early (allowing the legs to straddle properly) or to walk with assistance is fine; often the babies love and want to do this. They are eager to see and explore their world. Again, doing this (e.g. walking with assistance) will not happen if the baby hasn't already sent some time pushing himself into a standing position on the parent's lap. I can't think of any risk in this normal behavior (yes, this qualifies as normal) in a normal baby (contrast this to children who engage in abnormal activity, e.g. head-banging, who are putting themselves at risk). This is just my fallible opinion, but I'd approach it something like this: Most parents want their child to succeed. Placing something continually out of their baby's reach is frustrating, and most people don't do this intentionally. If the baby tries and fails, parents will often adjust their expectations. On the other hand, one of my other children professed (at 7) his admiration for a crush, and the parents not only called us in alarm, but forbade the little girl from talking to him in the future. It was a valuable (and somewhat painful) lesson all around. Boundaries need to be respected. This gives you a rough idea of two things: what's considered normal, and how late most kids develop speech. Some experts do not even advocate diagnosing a speech problem before 24 months.