In the latter, we can see the legs were protected by chausses. This is conspicuously absent from most of the armoured figures depicted in the Bayeux Tapestry, most of whom only wore knee-length hauberks. 

On the Calicut side, Elacanol of Edapalli prepared: - Johnson, Chalmers A. Peasant Nationalism and Communist Power: the Emergence of Revolutionary China, 1937-1945. Stanford University Press, 1962. While it was in practice an American unit, the Devil's Brigade actually started as a British proposal. It originated from an ambitious British initiative for invading Norway called Operation Plough, a brainchild of the eccentric inventor Geoffrey Pyke. 

There were no armies of several hundred thousand strong during the Three Kingdoms period. However, the largest engagement of the era, the Battle of Red Cliff, did involve over 200,000 troops under Tsao Tsao. In that example, his forces were divided into two main prongs as well as six smaller groups, which were either held in reserve or advancing towards other targets. Within each army, individual general commanded smaller units of perhaps 5,000 soldiers each. 

Williams, Alan R. The Knight and the Blast Furnace: A History of the Metallurgy of Armour in the Middle Ages & the Early Modern Period. Brill, 2003. 

Keep in mind that comparisons are difficult to make because the Nationalists[1] bore the brunt[2] of all fighting during the Sino-Japanese War. They held the line with set-piece battles against qualitatively superior Japanese forces. In contrast, Communist forces mainly operated in rural areas, deep behind enemy lines, usually avoiding Japanese units of any significant strength. Technically the Communists were guerrillas, but in reality they weren't particularly active at that either. 

The reality is that, despite the glorification of guerrilla resistance, they were simply not a huge factor in the war. Partly this is because, after the painful lessons of the Hundred Regiments Offensive, the Communists learnt to hold back on fighting. It is also partly because Japan did not have truly vital interests in the region to justify and motivate a comprehensive effort. Thus while still rather exclusive, the royal gifts were by no means restricted to only the top student. Theoretically speaking, it is potentially possible that Jiang Baili received a gift for being one of the best (but not the best) students. However, that still does not square with the fact that the Army Academy gave out silver pocket watches, not swords as the story claims. That is, the benefits were less meaningful, and yet the drawbacks more serious, for leg infantry. 

But it's more likely that your "castle" would end up looking like this: Such commands could be issued and carried out because these armies were not masses of random strangers thrown together. In fact, Chinese armies possessed a full hierarchy of units during the Warring States period. Generally speaking, an army had a fighting strength of 12,500, evenly divided into five divisions of 2,500 each. Each division in turn consisted of five 500-strong brigades. Below the brigade level, there were smaller units of 100, 50, 25 and 5 men. Such deployments were a typical experience for all British Militia during the Napoleonic Wars. In this turbulent era, the regular Militia was mobilised and transformed into a reserve force for the Army. Most regiments rotated through deployments outside of their home counties, while volunteer and local militia units were formed to replace their traditional role in home defence. 

The Chinese Communist military force at the end of the Sino-Japanese War was ten times the size of the Communist Army mobilized immediately following the Japanese invasion. 

Because the First Special Service Force was a joint project within an overall framework of the Allied war effort. In fact, the initial plans called for raising a multinational commando force of Canadians, Americans, and Norwegians. The last dropped out due to lack of numbers, but did supply instructors. 

More importantly, unlike the Communists, the Nationalists were responsible for the defence of China. Though they controlled more population, they also had to equip and provide for a much larger conventional army to defend an even greater territory. Keep in mind also that much of the most productive parts of China pre-war had quickly been occupied by Japan. 

Both sides lashed their ships together. From Wikipedia, on the Portuguese side, Duarte Pacheco Pereira: 

In Ancient China, the primary method of coordinating units were to use flags, drums and gongs. Beating drums was a signal to advance, whereas ringing gongs was an order to retreat. The use of flags instructed units on the battlefield to move in specific directions.