Its flaws are well-known and serious. To recall, an inference from A to B is valid iff all interpretations of "non-logical constants" that make A true also make B true. What are interpretations, a.k.a. models or possible worlds? These are metaphysically loaded, a nominalist would reject their use, and inherently vague, the leading theories, like Kripke's or Lewis's, disagree on basics of how they function. It is hard to agree on truth of A and B if we do not agree whether "water" refers to anything in a given interpretation. This is of course related to having to understand "meanings" of sentences to ascertain their truth, and brings up a bag of problems with Carnap's analytic/synthetic distinction, Quine's criticisms of meaning and synonymy, etc. 

This is not specific to space and time or Kant, whatever mental schemes or categories are used to synthesize perceptions they can not keep up with evolving scientific descriptions. If categories are "conditions of the possibility of knowledge" how is it possible that scientific knowledge eventually violates conditions of its possibility? 

Why not follow down the idea these are illusions? 

Since our sensory organs have no built in stability, we compensate for our own movement and scanning behaviors through visualization. From that point of view, the difference is just in how much external stimuli shape the layer of dream projection that enables your perception of stability in your environment. 

From the point of view of very aggressive modern theories of perceptual modeling, say something like what is reviewed here you are always dreaming. 

Mine would be as final arbiter of the arrow of time. I would dodge the objectivity of collapse completely with reversible time and the weak anthropic principle. Due to CPT symmetry, time is free to reverse itself during periods when its observations will never affect humans, who are, in effect the cause of time. Yes, that sounds even more Kantian. But if you assume our own shared reality is only an aspect of the fact brain chemistry is exothermic, there is still a way out of the collapse dilemma. It can collapse or not collapse, and only along timelines we eventually care about, can we even find out. 

Question: It is assumed that Galileo's argument should work with something like "free fall in a vacuum" premise properly spelled out. But I don't see where such premise could be used, or how non-vacuum would alter the conclusion, or why Aristotle's theory is self-contradictory rather than just empirically wrong. Is the problem just in unspelled premises or is the reasoning itself logically flawed? Is there a logically correct "a priori" argument? 

Is this counterintuitive? Very. Dummett himself after 40 years of anti-realism called it "coherent but repugnant", and experimented with softening justificationism about the past by placing it into subjunctive mood. So the past tense is meaningful if "someone suitably placed could have verified it". Presumably, "suitably placed" allows for something like a time machine to do the placement, so "king James II had migraine on the day of his 32 birthday" would clear the hurdle, but I am not so sure about the aspects of Big Bang not recoverable from the current universe. See Rispberg's Objectivity of the Past. 

Theoretically, that scale is continuous. During what are clearly dreams, when you are paralyzed in sleep, external reality is drowned out by internal 'noise'. And during full waking, you are incorporating as much external reality as you can accommodate at any given moment. But we are often somewhere in between. So, this approach would say that when I visualize a complex 3D shape, or check my work against the memory of a class diagram that isn't actually drawn on anything, I am dreaming on purpose, even though I am awake. 

I see the former as a perfectly acceptable answer, and the latter two as further specification of, rather than as alternatives to, the Copenhagen position. 

But it is clear that some knowledge is 'a prior', that we have leverage on information from some basis that is integral to our minds. Even to grasp what is pointed to when someone points at a table and calls it a table, one needs a set of underlying organizing conventions that limit the range of the potential implicit pronoun created by pointing. And even below that, one needs to know that pointing is. This set of conventions allows analysis to get a foothold by the process of elimination. But if these underlying conventions do not limit the options to a finite set, no information really can be conveyed.