It’s the fear that’s most striking. Wilson was trained, armed, and empowered with the force of law. At almost any point in his confrontation with Brown, he could have called for backup and won control of the situation. But, he says, he was too gripped with terror to do anything but shoot. [...] There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. Who organized the rally? tl;dr: The rally was organized and promoted by Nazis and white supremacists. Some less extreme elements of the far right did not attend because of the negative imagery. Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: What was the rally about? The initial reason for the rally was to protest the possible future removal of a confederate statue. Those are all Nazi or white supremacist groups. Rule of law specifically means: According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.” What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? Also, even though Democrats cannot reject nominees as they do not have the votes to do so, they are able to delay the nomination process, as mentioned in the same article: As stated in a Presidential Memorandum: Basically, he resigned due to violating the Logan Act and causing embarrassment to the Trump administration. The Logan Act specifically states: Can a presidential candidate place different running mates for different states? If so, who will be the Vice President if elected? Section 1 of the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution states: So, this caused embarrassment for the Trump administration since they misled the public. The reason that the VP succeeds the President is that only the President is impeached and convicted. The impeachment does not include the Vice-President or his cabinet officials. As this article by Politico mentions, the administration didn't file the necessary paperwork for many of the nominees to make the nominations formal. Should the Supreme Court have more than 3 vacancies, it will not be able to conduct business. Senate confirmations only require a simple majority vote as shown in this document: Even the Vice-President Mike Pence defended him: However, there are also other reasons for the delay. Firstly, it may be delayed by the Office of Government Ethics as they can't review the nominees' financial reports until the administration submits them. The administration has been slow to send the nominees' financial information to the OGE, according to an OGE spokesman. Update - WH Statement According to the White House spokesperson Sean Spicer, Trump seemed to have requested the resignation of Flynn due to a "trust issue". Also, other countries are not willing to lend to Greece money at reasonable rates, so Greece is unable to keep paying to service its current debts while carrying out basic government functions. Furthermore, Greece is quite bad at collecting taxes, as seen from OECD data, it has a 89.5% of outstanding undisputed tax debt. Its GDP growth was also negative from 2008 to 2013. The same article also states that he can place a different running mate in other states: This $10 million's "calculated from an October 2016 Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimate of presidential travel costs to Florida" according to an article by Vox. Lastly, this's the graphic that's "shared widely on Reddit": Basically, most of Trump's nominees are still awaiting to clear the respective Senate committees. Flynn resigned to avoid embarrassment to the Trump administration since he misled both the public and the Trump administration yet the Trump administration publicly defended him. According to an article by the Politico, it quoted an official from Utah saying that changing it now isn't allowed: If so, does it require the approval of other countries in the trade deal or can the US just rejoin it by (maybe) issuing another Executive Order? Flynn then spoke to him after Obama introduced sanctions on Russia: Sidenote: I'm not claiming that the electronic voting machines were indeed hacked; the theory does seem plausible. Just wanted to know the purpose of the recount and its effectiveness. The campaign site states this as the reason: The President has 10 days, not counting Sundays, to sign or veto the bill. If he does not take any action within 10 days and Congress is in session, it will automatically become the law. Source: https://votesmart.org/education/how-a-bill-becomes-law#.WYHVG8aPBAY Apparently yes. According to this article by Bustle, his travel cost would exceed Obama's by a huge margin. Summary: There won't be a general election. The succession will continue to follow the line of succession as established in the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. No, it has never happened. There hasn't been any President-elect that died before Inauguration Day and after the Electoral College votes. If the President vetoes the bill it is sent back to Congress with a note listing his/her reasons. The chamber that originated the legislation can attempt to override the veto by a vote of two-thirds of those present. If the veto of the bill is overridden in both chambers then it becomes law. There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.” But it would be an altogether different matter if Trump pardoned Arpaio for willfully refusing to follow the Constitution and violating the rights of people inside the U.S. Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] What was the rally about? The initial reason for the rally was to protest the possible future removal of a confederate statue. Gavin McInnes - known for his right-wing politics and antisemitism - declined to attend because he did not want to be associated with Nazis.