The other major line of criticisms is the empiricist argument, often attributed to Hume and echoed by many philosophers today. These people balk at the idea that such grand conclusions can be reached with absolutely certainty without any empirical evidence. Richard Dawkin's calls it "logomachist trickery", and points out the counter-argument by Douglas Gasking which "proves" the non-existence of God using the same basic reasoning: 

SEP and Wikipedia cover this pretty well; there should be more than enough there to help clarify the "power" of the ontological argument for you, but keep in mind that once you realize the trick (which you already seem to have done), the argument really loses all its persuasiveness. 

The easiest (and "safest") way to get a solid grip on the core texts of philosophy would be to just buy an anthology for each major subfield of philosophy. Often these anthologies have the relevant texts annotated to help with clarity, and omit much of the unnecessary sections which you would otherwise pointlessly labor through. This will save you a lot of time both in reading but also in understanding what's important to understand, and then if you find a particular text/subject really interesting, you can always get the full text later. Accordingly, I would strongly recommend starting with a solid introductory book before you dive into them such that you can acquire a firm grasp of the basic concepts you will need to know. Some authors are of course easier to read than others, but however you slice it, you want to be on level 1 before you get to level 2, and that means acquiring an introductory understanding of philosophy before you dive into some of the more classic texts. 

... which more clearly highlights the critical (3rd) premise, which is often tacitly implied in many formulations. 

Now, consider the classic formulation of the ontological argument... The former reason hasn't entirely disappeared. Take religion for example; in many communities across the US, if you secretly write about atheism that's fine, but if you publicly proclaim it you will be ostracized. 

I think one could argue that tradition may have been valued more back then and important to retain respect in society; also because we are more aware of these kinds of ironies today and so they are not as easy to get away with. As an addendum I want to add though that I've never heard of such a position before (that ancient philosophers generally did not practice what they preach). If it is true then I imagine some of the basic social psych reasons which I offered above could be in play. It would be hard to otherwise imagine some sort of positive cultural feature that could account for such a practice (i.e. "they preferred to live lives of irony"). That, or I missed a LOT when taking Ancient Philosophy...