A theory is then in a progressive phase if the changes being made to the auxiliary hypotheses improve its predictive power and are being driven from within the theory. It is regressive (and hence in need of change) if the auxiliary changes are being made as responses to outside challenges which question the theory's validity. However going into the details, I fail to understand the difference between Lakatos's view and Kuhn's view of science. On the other hand if you are looking for those who contributed strictly to the field of philosophy of science (so starting from the 20th century) - the only well known example I can think of is Hilary Putnam, who contributed to philosophy of science (multiple-realizability and scientific realism), and also made significant contributions to computer science (The DP and DPLL algorithms). This seems to be an informal description of verificationism (or might be interpreted to include falsificationism as well). In normal science, the scientist's activity consists in solving puzzles rather than testing fundamental theories. In puzzle-solving, current theory is accepted, and the puzzle is indeed defined in its terms. In Kuhn's view, “it is normal science, in which Sir Karl's sort of testing does not occur, rather than extraordinary science which most nearly distinguishes science from other enterprises”, and therefore a demarcation criterion must refer to the workings of normal science (Kuhn 1974, 802). Kuhn's own demarcation criterion is the capability of puzzle-solving that he sees as an essential characteristic of normal science. This was a question that was brought most famously by T. Kuhn in his book "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions". Based on the previously mentioned problem of underdetermination, Kuhn argued that theories are never fully proven or disproven by experiments. Instead various sociological considerations go into which science theories are accepted and which are not. For example, the switch from classical mechanics to quantum mechanics and relativistic mechanics in the first half of the 20th century was due to new experimental results, but also to the fact that a younger generation of physicists and college professors was willing to accept the new theories, whereas the older generation was committed to the previous theories for various reasons. Some schools have gone further and claimed that all of science is socially constructed (i.e. that is, science is similar to religion or to political ideologies) - see the Strong Programme. Quine famously drew a comparison between mythology and science as being different only in degree, not in kind. In his 1951 paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism", he states: The question of what constitutes science and what doesn't is an open question in philosophy, known as the demarcation problem. Here in the US at least, there are several institutes which oversee how science is conducted, such as the NSF, the NIH, the FDA, the CDC, etc... Berkeley however goes much farther, stating that we cannot know anything about the apple directly, only what our sensations of the apple, which are all ideas in our head, and so the apple really only exists as sensations/ideas in our head. All that exists is just ideas. See also this SEP article on Challenges to Metaphysical Realism.