In your case, you're great at coming up with new ideas, terrible at following them through to completion. There is no shortcut around this, you will have to power through at least one project from start to end. In other words, you have to make an absolute commitment, and stick to it, even at the price at losing out on some good other ideas along the way. It may make it easier, however, if you start with a shorter project. Why not commit to writing a short story, rewriting it, editing it, and at least submitting it for publication BEFORE starting anything new? That way you'll at least have gotten past the psychological block of never having finished anything. If you really have the perfect ending, then the beginning will be implicit in it in some way. Just ask yourself what conditions will be the same at the beginning of the story, and what conditions will be the opposite? What travels in a circle in your plot, and what travels in a straight line? What has to change to transform the conditions of the beginning to the conditions of the end, and how will those changes take place? You cannot write in a genre, if you do not know the genre. Only exception: you invent your own genre. (And that's a questionable idea.) Take a genre you dislike. Romance, thrillers whatever. Sit down and write a novel in it. I'm interested how far you will get. And no, half knowledge is not any better. A writer reads a lot. A lot in the genre he writes in. (Yes, also in other genres, which include non-fiction for fiction writers and fiction for non-fiction writers. But that's only a bonus.) Know what you write about or do not write about it. After reading the questions, I have one question: Are you serious? You want to sell cars, but you have no clue about the different brands, the different models, which series is very often in the garage, because it's crap, which cars are reliable even after 200,000km, what extra is worth paying for and why and and and. After reading the existing answers, I was puzzled even more. You do not know your market, you do not know your readers, but you want write for them? Don't do damage to your work if you think the changes they requested are negative, but keep in mind that if they are a reputable publisher, they probably know the market better than you, and may be giving you really good advice. This can, and has been done (here is an example of something similar), but it takes your book out of the realm of conventional fiction, and reclassifies it as what is called "experimental literature," which can be influential, but which typically draws only a small niche audience. It essentially becomes metafiction --work which deliberately calls attention to itself as fiction --whether or not that is your intent. This, in itself, will make it much more challenging for your reader to suspend disbelief, and to care about your characters and their actions. Consider the love interest in Almost Famous. What makes her compelling is that she has her own story arc, even including a love interest of her own (that is not the main character). Her story basically stands alone without his. That's a lot of what makes her so attractive to the main character (a thinly disguised stand-in for the writer) and in turn to us, the viewer. After reading the existing answers, I was puzzled even more. You do not know your market, you do not know your readers, but you want write for them? You cannot write in a genre, if you do not know the genre. Only exception: you invent your own genre. (And that's a questionable idea.) Who, who is right in his mind, would buy a car from you? After reading the questions, I have one question: Are you serious? You want to sell cars, but you have no clue about the different brands, the different models, which series is very often in the garage, because it's crap, which cars are reliable even after 200,000km, what extra is worth paying for and why and and and. Take a genre you dislike. Romance, thrillers whatever. Sit down and write a novel in it. I'm interested how far you will get. And no, half knowledge is not any better. A writer reads a lot. A lot in the genre he writes in. (Yes, also in other genres, which include non-fiction for fiction writers and fiction for non-fiction writers. But that's only a bonus.) Know what you write about or do not write about it.