I once blamed my children for something they didn't do, and worse yet, I didn't believe them when they said they didn't do it (I don't remember this myself; my kids told me this a few years ago.) I mistakenly disciplined them for the action and for what I believed was a lie. When I found out that it was my husband who committed the offense, my kids told me that not only did I apologize profusely, but that I gave them each a hefty sum of money to pay them for the time they put in as a consequence. I was shocked by the amount they quoted; I can only imagine I was following my own principles of making restitution significant. 

For example, children with autism are often selective eaters, so much so that they were eliminated in one study, Psychological and Psychosocial Impairment in Preschoolers With Selective Eating. 

But an equally valid boundary is 

I hope you find a middle ground here where you and your daughter both feel respected and loved. 

**I have a lot of experience with mental illness and substance abuse. Because of this, I have worked with more kids like this than I can count, even though it's not my primary field. But because I'm a physician, I'm also an interventionist. Hence my recommendation for therapy first, and second (psychiatrist). I also would not rule out a wilderness program if it is deemed by the psychiatrist as beneficial. 

Her cousin was perhaps not well-mannered, but he wasn't "wrong". People feel what they feel. You can discuss how different people handle disappointment in different ways including (but not limited to) crying, being angry, shutting down, pouting, accepting it gracefully, being sad, or combinations of these things. 

I would suggest that you don't need to bring her cousin or their parents into this if you think they were wrong and the cause of this behavior. 

Another possibility was mentioned by @pojo-guy in comments. If your son is highly intelligent, this is not always a blessing when it comes to a work ethic in school. Highly intelligent kids tend to sail through grammar school without needing to study. Once they get to high school, where a different kind of learning needs to occur, they don't have the study skills to fall back on. They hit a wall, and because they may have found praise and self-esteem in good grades, they resort to cheating on a test. 

These are extremes, of course, but a lot of people don't have good middle-ground boundaries. 

(I also find the idea of a therapist ignoring your concerns strange. Most trust the parent.) 

TL;DR: You're not alone. Many have walked this path and come through on the other side with a "good" kid. Find a good family therapist. 

One major difference between my experience and yours is that I only ever perceived this as my problem. I never considered that I had any right to ask people to stop making noise for my sake. (Please don't get me wrong; I have often fervently wished that someone would just stop talking!) 

In one of these examples, the need is to train his sister to stop taking his toys. (If someone walked up to you and calmly took your iPhone and started walking away, would you not feel like yelling?) He can't "share" at this age. You choose the method you do that; depending on her age, one thing that might work is substituting a good toy, but if he still objects, then no trade. To try to silence him in this situation is to tell him, in effect, that his feelings are invalid. (Remember the iPhone.) They aren't.