That being said, the South did in fact have large-scale salterns they tried to run during the war. There was one at a salt marsh in inland Virginia, and another in the Florida panhandle. There was(/is) also a major salt mine in Louisiana. 

The name was first used with the Conservative-friendly Nixon administration, but the strategy itself was first employed by Ronald Reagan's mentor and idol, Barry Goldwater. He ran against the Civil Rights Act, using (as per form) the coded "States' Rights" argument. Goldwater lost badly, but he still won his home state, and swept the entire deep South. 

As background, realize that an important but often-overlooked part of the First Ammendment is the right to petition the government. 

It does look suspicious to me. It's tough to put my finger on, but the phraseology doesn't look very 18th century. It doesn't sound like other Jefferson writing to me either. Also Jefferson is a rather conveniently famous and beloved figure to tag it onto if you aren't sure (or don't happen to like who really said it...) 

So I'd say that it is probably quite fair to take the position that Justice Frankfurter never said any such thing, unless someone can find a documented speech or decision in which he said it. Everything the guy did was heavily documented, so if it exists it should be easy to find. Signage is a similar issue. Originally the signs wouldn't have been much of an issue. Black people were just supposed to know their place. The signs came up after Plessy (1896), when courts basically ruled that facilities could legally be separated, as long as "equal" facilities were available. So the signs were the legal cover for refusing a facility to a black person. * - The "faithless elector" who voted for Reagan instead of Ford in 1976 did an interview on Ken Rudin's Political Junkie podcast #158, and admitted he would not have done so if the vote had been close. The Atomic bombings themselves are estimated to have killed about 150,000–246,000 people (almost all Japanese of course). It actually happens fairly often. The last was in 2004, where a Minnesota elector (who would not own up to it) voted for Edwards (the VP candidate) instead of John Kerry. The assumption has been that this was done out of incompetence rather than malice.