Using patch kit If you don't have a spare tube (but DO have a patch kit), you should attach your pump to the old one and try to pump it up. Air will exit the leak, and you can hear/feel the air escaping. Mark the hole somehow -- a pencil, a ballpoint pen, or a piece of chalk will work. But note that you will be cleaning the area around the hole, so make marks well away from the hole that you can line up to locate the hole after cleaning. The Kevlar belt under the tread increases puncture resistance by at least a factor 10, eliminating most common glass/thorn punctures, and also reducing the tendency of the tire to "bruise". Good quality pumps will be advertised with a stated maximum pressure, and you can fill tires reasonably fast to 80-90% of that max pressure, after which progress will slow to a crawl. So when you shop for a pump you need to pay attention to that number. Well, it's a complicated question, because there are several different cases to consider: The culprit was apparently a construction staple that had pierced the tire just outside the belt, gone through the sidewall of the tube, and then punched a bigger hole in the inside diameter of the tube. OK -- To make this into a direct answer to the question, the main disadvantage of Kevlar belted tires is that you forget how to change a tire, you do it so rarely. Price wise, my recollection is that they are about 30% more expensive than standard tires, but they likely last that much longer (plus save a lot on tubes), so the cost is pretty much a wash. (The odd thing is that Kevlar-belted tires are so hard to find.) After that, you can look at getting more aerodynamic, but at some point you have to stop spending money to "put makeup on the swine" and start saving for a road bike. The bike is a 20" folder and has done 1,300 km since I bought it used. Previous owner did minimal riding, so its done maybe 1,500 km total (1000 miles) EDIT: Other points I missed * patching in the rain or dampness - water/cold stops the cement from curing as quickly, and being wet makes you hurry. In your case you would want two 22" rims side by side, each with 28 or 32 spokes, laced to a single hub with 56 or 64 holes. This would be a high-spoke-count wheel. I don't think you would have to weld the two rims together, but Example of dual wheel rims on a bike. This is a custom-built rig for polar snow riding. Chain runs through between the rims so they're separate, but the front rims are together. Tyre pressure is given as only 2 PSI. Edit: Do be aware that ebikes are heavy. So my 17 kg MTB had another 26 kg of batteries on it, plus me and my gear. When carrying my work toolbag of 20 kilos plus me, that's ~165 kilograms. Handling is definitely affected by the mass, so your tyres have to cope with the full load.