It is the liquid that, at times, comes out after urination. If it doesn't come in contact with urine it is clean. Reference from Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Husaini Sistani: Taharat » Istibra As a plus, if it is convenient for you to attend congregrational prayers and offering your prayers in it gives you peace from this excessive doubting then you must attend the congregration. I have to say the details of deeming a person Kathirush shak wasn't easy to understand (p.418) and not easy to explain. But, if you doubt at least in every third prayer for more than three times then you can deem yourself as Kathirush shak. It doesn't invalidate your waddu if you have done Istibra (explained below) after taharat (washed with water). It is not at all permissible to halt or take a break from saying prayers. It's forbidden to do so, and if done one has to make up for them. What is Istibra? Shortest definition could be, "'milking' of the urethra". It ensures that no more urine is left in the urethra. How does one do that: wadi (liquid discharged after urination, provided it has not come in contact with urine, which can be ensured if istibra was performed) wazi (liquid seen after ejaculation) mazi (moisture discharge by a man during wooing or courtship) semen urine 1, 2 and 3 are deemed pak (clean). 4 and 5 are najs (unclean), the release of which invalidates waddu and anything that comes in contact with it is deemed najs too. Their are 5 types of penal discharges: If one doesn't perform Istibra, and liquid is discharged it is deemed unclean. If one doubts whether he did it properly or not, it is deemed clean. And if one, doubts whether he did it or not it is deemed unclean. This might be confusing. To remove that confusion we have Istibra. If one performs Istibra after urination and liquid is discharged thereafter it is deemed clean even if one doubts whether it is urine or urine came in contact with it. The response is that there is no problem if you touch that. It is quoted that Imam Jafar al-Sadiq (pbuh) narrated from his father (Imam Muhammad Al-Baqer), and he has narrated from Imam Ali (pbuh) that said: Based on the mentioned issues and likewise other available information, the mentioned Zikr as you indicated, is considered as a Zikr(s) which could be better to recite them (and at least) it that length, not as obligation. I indeed appreciate your question a lot. Since commonly it is inquired a lot and looks interesting as well. It is declared that it is sufficient to recite every Zikr during the Ruku’ or Sujud (Sajdahs), and for the sake of precaution: it would be nicer if we recite a Zikr which be (at least) as much as the length of the following zikr: But the most significant consequence is the first one as I remarked as the unity in the Islamic society. Note: I am looking for the viewpoint of Sunni brothers. If the saliva, nasal mucus or any other moisture from haram meated animals, such as cats, are on the body or clothing of a person praying, if it is still wet, the prayer is void, and if it has dried and there is no longer any substance left, the prayer is correct. Based on Shia’s related explanation, while a person see himself (herself) in front of Allah during Ibadah (worship), so it is good to wear his/her best clothes. Hence, e.g. the best covering for women is complete covering which is the symbol of Efah (chastity), although there is no non-Mahram there. As a related source: Porseman, Vol.6 Pg.151. To see more related questions/answers, and likewise asking your question: Travelling must not be his job. Apparently it is not necessary to make it up as @Ozbak (as a Sunni brother) mentioned it as well. Abu Hazim narrates about how the Prophet SAWW prayed: Maqna’ah: this is Khemaar, and Khemaar is the thing by which woman covers her head and hairs… Well done, you inquired about a question (issue) which could happen plenty of times. So it doesn't look to be counted as the items which invalidate the saying prayer (salah), and actually it could be the duty of the person who intends to say prayers to observe the issue and attempt not to stand in front of you who you were there since before. But on the other hand, we can say that perhaps it could be considered as a positive practice for you to move a little in order to changing your situation in front of him as holding more respect to Allah. Actually, I reckon that as it is obvious from its name Niah, it is related to the intention, not reciting. Anyhow, in accordance with the mentioned issue, I assume it is sufficient for you just to mention the phrase of “2 Rakat Sunnah Umrah Namaz” I know that majority of Shia Marja’al-Taqlid considered it as a permissible issue for women to stand as the Imam-al-Jama’ah for women. (Not for men)/www.islamquest.net Anyhow, as I mentioned before, it is permissible to prostrate (do Sujud) on the earh (by its conditions) based on Shia school of thought. For instance you can see the following tradition from Shia as well as a related issue to what we can prostrate on. It is narrated that Hisham b. al-Hakam said to Abu Abdillah (Imam Sadiq S.A): Inform me of what it is permitted to do sujud upon and what is not permitted. He answered: