"Their brain images reveal what looks like an attenuated line stretching between the two organs, a piece of anatomy their neurosurgeon, Douglas Cochrane of British Columbia Children’s Hospital, has called a thalamic bridge, because he believes it links the thalamus of one girl to the thalamus of her sister... When they were 2 years old, he performed a study in which Krista’s eyes were covered and electrodes were glued to her scalp. While a strobe light flashed in Tatiana’s eyes, Krista was emitting a strong electric response from the occipital lobe, which is where images are assembled. The test also worked when the girls switched roles... The results of the test did not surprise the family, who had long suspected that even when one girl’s vision was angled away from the television, she was laughing at the images flashing in front of her sister’s eyes.". And this of course also goes back to Plato and his K=JTB (Knowledge is Justified True Belief), the "new" is the old in a new garb. This is one of those cases where one comes to appreciate Whitehead's quip:"The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato". By the way, Dennet, a clear bundle theorist, also subscribes to a two stage model. Of course, the model does not resolve all the riddles, a typical criticism is to say that the first stage is not willed, and the second stage is not free. But it does serve as a point of departure even for radical libertarians, like Kane. The short answer, for the vast majority of Western philosophers, is "it doesn't." All sentient beings, by definition, possess consciousness, but this does not mean that they all partake of (the same) consciousness, or that consciousness as such pervades all conscious beings. What's more, for many philosophers-- let's say Husserl, and those that follow him-- each individual consciousness is radically unknowable by any other consciousness. There is literally no way that anyone else can have direct access to my thoughts. Furthermore, for many philosophers-- let's say those influenced by Freud, to begin with-- no individual consciousness is completely transparent to itself. In other words, there is literally no way that I can be fully aware of the contents of my own consciousness. If the question remains "What do you think of the view of consciousness stated in the quote above?" my answer is "Not much." There's not much more us guys here can offer, until you refine the question. Since you are asking about the nature of consciousness, and not bliss or existence, we can bracket those parts for now, which leaves us with: 

Your premises contain the answer to the question: yes, if there were two of you, there would be two of you. One of you would experience things in one location, and the other one would experience things in the other. If the surroundings (and stochastic noise) were not identical, the two would begin to diverge; if they were, there would be two yous having two identical experiences. That is, each would experience their own consciousness. 

Anyway, I think it's CogSci's turn to work on this problem for a bit--it's really quite a new area, and we've yet to find out whether it fundamentally upends our intuitive understanding that informed philosophical approaches (as has been the case for the nature of perception), or whether it's a morass of messy facts and data that can be cut through with principled reasoning (i.e. philosophy). Right now my bet's on the former. I can scarcely think of a fact better supported by empirical evidence than that logic works to understand things. And you can't get anywhere with theory-building if you don't use rules of logic in your scientific endeavor. So if you're not going to admit philosophy, you don't have much science to do.