Susan M. Elliott: "Cutting Too Close for Comfort. Pauls's Letter to the Galatians in its Anatolian Cultic Context", Continuum: London, New York, 2003. 

The first known and accepted use of these magnifyiers as an actual reading aid in common translations as of late is reported by Chrysippos. He describes that Archimedes not only built, measured and calculated burning glasses and lenses. He actually describes how Archimedes wore such a chrystal affixed to his forehead as a vision enhancer. 

No entrance tickets to the Colosseum survive, but we have examples from elsewhere and they must have existed: […] So far as we know spectators did not pay for their tickets; attendance was one of the perks of citizenship. But how they were distributed is not clear. Given that everything in ancient Rome, ‘free’ or not, had its price, then we should probably imagine that people paid for membership of clubs and societies to which free tickets were issued. Or men of influence, powerful patrons, distributed tickets to their dependants and clients. When they arrived at the Colosseum, spectators would find that the entrance and exit routes for different classes of seating were planned (as we shall see in the next chapter) in a complex pattern so that citizens of different status were kept rigidly separate. Roman snobs did not like to rub shoulders with the less privileged, even if they were squashed side by side with their equals. 

However, recent studies put this apparent progressivism displayed also in the Wikipedia to shame (please excuse the length of his quote, it's just too perfect to be paraphrased): 

This widespread cultic manipulation of genitals had the most profound repercussions when Paul the Apostle wrote his letter to the Galatians arguing that circumcision is not needed and actively discouraged for future Christians. Burial rites seem to be among the customs the Galatians adopted at the earliest point from their Anatolian Greek neighbours. 

What is today understood as a 'hospital', not a little private clinic, seems to be a much later invention. Though still in 'Roman times' much of the above is true as early as the early republic, hospitals seem to belong into late antiquity. 

But that changed starting with Caesar's campaign in Gaul and was quite professionalised by the time of Trajan. The longest surviving aspect of their initial cultural traits might be the language they spoke attested to be very similar to those of the Treveri (in modern day Germany) as late as the fourth century CE. One explanation for that might be that they migrated with their whole families, making it much easier to keep the mother tongue alive. If we look for something similar in antiquity we just need to turn that onto its feet: this is about purity or impurity. Purity rules! As well for Greeks as for Romans also. Splitting from this main movement in Greece the three tribes of the Tectosages, the Trocmii, and the Tolistobogii entered from Thrace to Asia Minor and Anatolia. Being invited by Nicomedes I. of Bithynia to serve as mercenaries in a dynastic struggle they soon became a plundering menace for the surrounding territories so that the Seleucid King Antiochus I. felt the pressing need to intervene. After he had beaten the invaders in battle the Celts were supposedly pacified by settling the survivors in central Anatolia around their capitals Ancyra (Ankara), Tavium and Pessinus. That region then became to be known as Galatia. The Galatians had a first clash with Rome in the Galatian war but only became a formal client state of Rome after Pompey reorganised the east in 64 BCE and it was integrated into the empire as a province in 25 BCE. 

Those Galatians, or tribes in Anatolia of Celtic origin, sometimes even Gallic origin, were part of the south-eastern migration of Celts. This migration might also be called an invasion of the Balkans and Greece. Under Brennus they entered the greek peninsula in the third century (281 BCE) and thus before the Roman era for this part of the Mediterranean. The Greeks were obsessed with this kind of purity. But they also noted that they were not unique in this respect and not even the first among peers of the time: