Justification Protestants actually put this first and they mean that a sinner is declared fully righteous before God as though they had obeyed all of God's laws perfectly due to the righteousness of Christ being charged, or imputed to them. This is an event, the result being entrance into the church, or new birth and sanctification. The idea of working out our salvation means that it is something we already own but must cooperate with the Holy Spirit if we are to enjoy its full benefits. If we did not already 'have' salvation residing in us, then we would not be able to work it outwards from that place. The fact is when one enters the 'kingdom of God' it is heaven entering into them. This new life, generated by the Spirit, is called the inner man and the old sinful life inherited from Adam is called the outer. Now having entered into heaven and heaven into us, we are already considered to be in heaven. To work to enter into heaven is silly because a believer is already in heaven and a full citizen of it: So, in simple terms justification is needed to satisfy the demands of the law of God, remove it’s curse and put one in a righteous state before God. Sanctification is describing the blessed communion with God as a result of that law with its curse being taken away. The logical order for both Calvin and Luther is precisely because the law and its wrath must first be removed in our justification before our reconciliation with the father can be provided, even though in time both occur together through union into Christ’s mystical body by faith. Owen begins by charging Arminians with overthrowing all traditional beliefs on the subject. (Roman Catholic dogma on this area is actually very close to Calvin as well by the way at least compared to Arminian). When looking at the overall context of all the warnings in Hebrews we have a situation for the unpardonable sin of fully rejecting Christ even under the sanctifying work and demonstrable power of the Holy Spirit making it absolute, thus unforgivable. It represents a full grown and stubborn unbelief in the face of a long season of powerful grace and the Spirit's manifested power. Now regards assurance, this is quite straightforward. The Calvinist belief is that anyone who sincerely believes in Christ, and has at least some moral assurance from a changed life aft conversions and a sense of their adoption by the Holy Spirit, proven foremost by their love of other believers, can and do entering into a blessed assurance of their eternal blessed state. I guess we could say this is the warmer side to Calvin, for although he has little heart to consider God's love for the damned, he swings the gates wide open for the enjoyment of God's love without fear for any who flee from God's wrath to the dying love of Christ. First, you mention ‘Ordo salutis’ I would argue that neither Luther or Calvin would be so pedantic as to make such detailed logical orders of Salvation, aside from the main order already in scripture. (Rom 8:30). Salvation to a Catholic is a process of sanctification not an instantaneous 'justification by faith', therefore although faith is required and important it does not carry the same meaning. Faith to a Catholic is therefore restricted to something within the state of grace, which makes a believers duty grow as they understand more accurately the truth in Christ. Faith is similar to protestant faith in this sense but does not have this prime direction towards a justification apart from works. When I first read your question my immediate thought was it is not what is said here that shows the conflict with Calvinism but what is 'not said'. Interestingly enough I was trying to find proof of this impression and found the very same observation made my a modern Remonstrant with respect to the seventh article of the Methodist church.