It's likely that Sheldon's concern was for galvanic corrosion between carbon fiber and aluminum. This is an issue that's well-trod in both the bicycle and aeronautics fields. In essence, in the presence of an electrolyte (sea air, your sweat) and a cathode (carbon fiber-embedded resin) the anode (aluminum) will corrode. In the case of a seatpost/seattube interface, this corrosion will wedge the seatpost in place. This can, at best, make it extremely hard to remove the seatpost. At worst, it can render the frame unusable. If that's not the case, there are still some precautions you can take. As Calfee notes, anodization will provide some protection. As well, regular removal and cleaning and reinstallation with carbon paste can help prevent excessive buildup. In both cases, you can use a caliper to determine the dimensions precisely, but a simple measuring tape or ruler should be sufficient. Dropout thickness. This is the thickness of the metal plate comprising the dropout when looked at end-on. The tensioner cups the ends of the dropout, so must be large enough to fit over them. Steel dropouts are typically 5mm thick, while aluminum frames can have 8mm thick dropouts. I'm not sure how the formatting in this article got so ruined, but you can read more in this VeloNews Technical Q&A with Lennard Zinn. For your frame, it sounds like the Park Tool directions for securing bosses on carbon frames should work equally well. The top mount on the seat-tube is also the easiest to repair using this method, so you're in luck. Rodriguez Cycles did an excellent multipart essay on choosing between 650c and 700c wheels for road bikes, and the illustrated Cliff notes they provide should prove illuminating. On the significantly more expensive side, you could also consider a titanium seatpost, which wouldn't corrode. Axle diameter. 10mm is the standard, but you'll also find models designed for 9.5mm (3/8") and 14mm axles on BMX bikes. Absent some kind of abuse or extraordinary stress (like falling on top of the bike while it's lying on the ground - stressing the tubes from the side, riding with a friend sitting on the top tube...) a carbon fiber frame should outlast the rider. It is possible to have a crack in an aluminum frame repaired by taking it to a specialty welder. That said, you could encounter a range of quality and durability issues with that repair. Add to that the fact that after the repair and repainting you will likely have spent at least as much as you would on a used but good condition frame, I would just replace it. Considering that if this fails catastrophically at any speed you are likely to end up going head first into the pavement, I would personally not ride a frame with a crack like that. I would not trust my face, head or life to a homemade preventive repair. Junk the frame. Having ridden since the early 80's I've been through this twice, once with aluminum frames and now with carbon fiber. As high end competition bikes were made of the materials there were questions of durability. Over time, as the frames became widely available, those concerns were shown to be largely baseless. I believe most frame builders warranty carbon frames for life now. I personally know of at least two riders with carbon fiber bikes that have been ridden in excess of 100,000 miles. Lennard Zinn covered durability of Carbon Forks for Velo News a while back. Here are some quotes from that article in case the link breaks: That said, you should periodically inspect the frame for cracks and wear, especially at stress points like around the bottom bracket (just like you would with any frame). I wouldn't go that far, but play in the stem/headset assembly certainly could have been a contributing factor. Just take a second to imagine to torque and force applied to that small area below the weld when you hit a curb or pothole if the assembly is not tight. The bottom of the headset is somewhat wedge shaped, and if the whole assembly is loose it can be like pounding up on it with a hammer each time you hit a bump. That said - it's a 10 year old aluminum frame and there can be myriad reasons for that failure. On the significantly more expensive side, you could also consider a titanium seatpost, which wouldn't corrode. The first thing to do is to check to see if your frame was built with an aluminum insert for the seat tube. Given that you currently have a carbon seatpost this is unlikely, but it would alleviate the main concern. Dropout thickness. This is the thickness of the metal plate comprising the dropout when looked at end-on. The tensioner cups the ends of the dropout, so must be large enough to fit over them. Steel dropouts are typically 5mm thick, while aluminum frames can have 8mm thick dropouts. Bosses in aluminum frames are typically rivet nuts, aka "pem nuts", which have a head that should be too large to slip back into the frame. For your frame, it sounds like the Park Tool directions for securing bosses on carbon frames should work equally well. The top mount on the seat-tube is also the easiest to repair using this method, so you're in luck. The real issue is in the top tube length. Basically, for shorter riders you need to move the handlebars closer to the seat. But then you have to deal with the wheel possibly colliding with the pedals ("toe strike"), changing the head angle or the fork's rake, which compromises the handling, and/or having a proportionally longer top tube than would otherwise be indicated by the seat tube length.