Consider how long it took epistemology to get to Wittgenstein's notion of language-games, which after failing at a more forthright sort of logical positivism, finally injects a lot of these aspects very directly into the theory of meaning: meaning is a human game, upon which we are totally dependent, based on consensus, and we play to win, but we do not win without mutual support (because then the consensus around the game breaks down and we start saying nonsense and claiming it is deep). Plato's notion of anamnesis suggests that, at base, all knowledge is simply recombinations of this kind of knowlege -- that we already know everything we can learn, but need to apply analysis. So in extreme models of the mind, one does not ever have to be able to generate new synthetic knowledge. One only has to trust that it is there. This perspective suggests that our notions of space, time, color, etc. may need to evolve, perhaps in a literal and biological sense, before we can understand some of the deeper conundrums of physics. That turns your question into a 'sorites' problem, what is the clear line between points on a continuum? If the arithmetic is correct, I think this implies that however you pulled this off, we would notice -- one of the three values would change. Although I respect Ken Wilbur and other transpersonalists, they seem to see evolution as a single track, whereas it is clearly something more complex. It presents to us at least a tree of evolutions, and perhaps a network where traits emerge and fold back together into more complex systems than could evolve in a simple, goal-seeking manner. I would not try to impose Conifold's proposed balance. I would leave it to the natural evolution of what cognitive dissonance our collective mind will tolerate. From a Kantian point of view it may be that all we can know of things like space and time and color is their fundamental nature. We may never know all the ways nature interacts with or causes us to experience those things, but the fundamental nature of those things is an aspect of ourselves and not of nature. The rest of 3) seems equally obvious. The predictions of ethics and other 'modal' disciplines (religion, literary theory, depth psychology) cannot be disproven in the way that the predictions of astrology can, because they are always suspended in modal logic, implicity wrapped in 'oughts' or 'mights' or 'woulds'. So I am not sure we need a different demarcation criterion, because the nature of the predictions themselves are different and the methods of challenge are totally disjoint. If I am predicting a certain class of people are going to have better communication skills during a given week because of the position of Mercury relative to the house of their birth, that is a statistical statement that can be disproven. But I cannot prove infanticide is wrong without some context. So I would say that our model of space is as inborn as our model of color, and that Euclidean space is the model we project. But it is evolved, and it can continue to evolve, if a better model eventually really offers breeding advantages. Time is more of a question in general. But it is clear to me. Memory is achieved via an exothermic chemical process. So if time moved backward, in the sense that entropy locally decreased in a fine-grained and uniform way, we could never remember it. So the paradox is not really paradoxical. Analysis may be thoroughly incapable of generating information on its own. But it does not need to. Synthetic knowledge can be the ultimate source of all information, with analysis providing a different aspect of understanding than 'information'. The neo-Intuitionist approach here is to weaken our reliance upon negation in a way that splits the meaning of 'exist'. Everyone in all the sciences has always done so, assuming the issues of reducing idealist mathematics to something consistent and realistic will be resolved inside mathematics. Acting as though mathematics is an ideal domain does not mean you believe it is one, only that its issues are outside your purview. For instance using continuous space does not imply real acceptance of the actual infinity of points, only acceptance that it is a good model, not worthy of breaking down farther. Wittgenstein used this acquisition of first language as a general model for all learned meaning. He had in mind that the rules of a culture, a science, or a philosophy are really the rules of a 'language game', which are not expressed beforehand by anyone, and are never clearly expressible by anyone, because they are subject to continual change. He imagines that people decide what rules they like and converge together on the right answers, praising the people who guess the 'right' answer first or more often. Then the actual statements of cultural, scientific or philosophical thoughts are mere approximation to this more genuine set of rules no one can formulate completely.