However, a Muslim man may not care very much about obeying this command, or may not even be aware of how it applies, and may seek a second wife while being in a situation where he is unable to be just between his wives. I'm wondering what happens if a woman marries him despite being aware of his inability to be just between his wives. 

There's a strong emphasis on a woman's wali (guardian) during marriage, and when selecting a husband. However, it seems the role of the wali disappears after she is married. In a sense, the husband becomes her guardian, but not in the sense that her husband becomes her "wali" (if I understand correctly). 

Question: What role does the wali (guardian) play after a woman is married? 

This could result in divorce and turn into a failed marriage and effect the wife's perceived purity. After all, a man would have seen her unveiled. And having a divorce to one's name is not great either. These might have a negative impact on a possible future husband. 

1. Faskh (annulment） In these circumstances, the marriage may be annulled (faskh, or judicial separation). Islam Q&A lists this exact reason: I'm talking about a situation where the husband really does not like her body, and no longer wishes to remain married as a result. He does not foresee a compatible future together. 

Offences of exposure - if the person exposes themselves to someone intending that someone will see them and be caused alarm or distress 

I interpret "his/her people" as meaning "his/her family" (which seems to match some translations at Islam Awakened and this answer to my previous question). A convert, for example, may not have any Muslim family members, and I'm wondering if they can use non-Muslim family members for arbitration. It's difficult to get accurate information on this because the legalities vary from place to place, but the options I found for a couple who consider themselves incompatible and agree to separation/divorce are listed below. 

This makes it sound like if you are the kind of man who can deal fairly with orphans, then as many as nine or ten wives would be acceptable.