There are, I believe, a number of cases of distinct scientific theories that are equally good at explaining phenomena...until experimental evidence favors one over the other. 

So if you ask what evidence "you" need to believe in God, the answer is simply anything that convinces you. An inner certainty, an answered prayer, a near death experience, an ontological argument, personal testimony of a loved one, a sense of dread, a startlingly apt line of sacred text, Pascal's wager, a warm feeling in the chest area, a lack of psychological alternatives. 

Third, just as the "shortest distance" is the "fastest speed" it is also the "least possible difference." The least "distance" entails two "stances" or "instantiations" or "points." A "dif-ference" is related to the root word for "ferry." To go straight back and forth. The fastest ferry is the least difference. And the shortest route or distance, or "straightest line." 

Lysenkoism, on the other hand, could easily be "normal science." Even political intrusion and falsified evidence might have been overcome by some continual, Quinean revision of the subsidiary hypotheses. Presumably, it would have encountered a Kuhnian crisis sufficient to dismantle its ideological embankments. But in fact it never did become a "normal science" because an alternate, crisis-inducing paradigm appeared not in its "normal" development, but as a superior, contemporary crisis and challenge. 

As far as old evidence --once again this makes intuitive sense to me: If you have a piece of evidence prior to creating a theory then you're not really demonstrating any added value by predicting that fact. You would need to predict something new. 

It's worth noting that a science can stay in a developing stage for a very long period of time. Logic, for example, only reached maturity recently, after several thousand years of development. 

As a side note, if you want to give them a non-scientific, intuitive argument, try this one. There's an every increasing number of people in the world, using up an increasing amount of resources and energy. It's irrational to think that can continue indefinitely without creating some kind of environmental disaster of some kind --not necessarily climate change, but something. 

Many great mathematicians have been people of faith. Pascal and Descartes, two giants of the field, are merely the first that come to mind. And all the way back to Pythagoras, the "mysterious" qualities of math (how it all fits together, seemingly by itself, and how mathematical entities seem to have their own independent existence) have attracted those of a mystical frame of mind. It is even the case that Platonic idealism, which posits the real existence of non physical entities, still has a following among mathematicians, although it is largely discounted elsewhere. 

Saints Augustine and Aquinas (the two greatest theologians of the pre-Reformation Christian church) identified God, as understood in the Christian tradition, with the Ideal of Good, as described in Plotinus' "neo-Platonic" worldview. They thus united the personal perspective on God from the Biblical tradition with the abstract perspective of a neo-Platonic philosopher. 

The main thing to realize about informal fallacies is that they are all closely related to strong arguments, because it's the resemblance to a strong argument that makes them seem compelling. In this case, the fact that an substantial majority of the people who seemingly have relevant expertise on the issue have come to a unified conclusion does not prove that conclusion to be true. But it does provide significant support for the conclusion. 

For a real world example, many schools are shifting to a data-driven approach to learning, based on statistical analysis of educational outcomes. However, one might argue that the really important things to pay attention in education to are the outliers --the successes or failures that lie outside the realm of statistical probability. 

Historically, immortality has been a major topic of interest for philosophers such as Plato, the Buddha and Bishop Berkeley. As a topic, it would be strongly associated with idealism. The exclusion of topics such as this is the defining characteristic of what are known as verificationist philosophies, of which logical positivism is the best known. 

As covered in your post, according to all the typical measures by which we --as lay people --judge science, there appears to be a solid scientific consensus that global warming exists. 

Science is the development and exploitation of one particular method of reasoning, which originated within philosophy, but proved to be uniquely valuable even to the world outside philosophy. 

As support for this --would you describe the ontology of a human being in a hunter-gatherer tribe ten thousand years ago as maximal? It would rather seem that the human ontology has expanding significantly several times since then. How can you be sure sure that process has achieved a final terminus? 

If Bob has a definitive proof of his conclusion it outweighs Alice's collection of experts. But if Alice and Bob are both drawing conclusions based on similar types of arguments, then Alice's is stronger than Bob's. They aren't just comparing two opinions here --rather, they have agreed to take the consensus of relevant experts as supporting evidence for a conclusion, and that consensus is significantly stronger on one side than the other.