It all boils down to this: God is a personal god. 

The high priest said to him, “I charge you under oath by the living God: Tell us if you are the Messiah, the Son of God." Now, we can presume that he did all of these events multiple times, or we can (rightly) move forward with the understanding that these records are four viewpoints of the same events. Jesus explicitly calls himself the Son of God here in Matthew 26: 

He wants our love and gives love in return. That's what a personal relationship is about. But that relationship means that we have to both speak (through prayer) and listen (through all the ways that God talks with us). That, ultimately, is what a relationship is. A give and take; both speaking and listening. This means that he wants to know us as individuals--that he wants to be loved by us as individuals. That he wants a relationship with us as individuals. In all four books, Jesus was anointed with expensive oil. Two books show he was anointed on his head, two show he was anointed on his feet. More than likely, he was anointed on once on both his head and his feet. 

If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. In order to get this as a concept, you have to pull back and take a look at it in light of other religions. If you look at other religions, you see gods who do not care about individuals. In other religions the goal is to please their god(s) enough to be accepted into heaven. The love flows one direction: towards the god. 

The four gospels record the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus. There are multiple events that are shared and reported among the four gospels. I don't know about you, but I rarely come across any single item that's worth multiple millions of dollars. 

Hank Hannegraaff briefly answers this question here, and in much more detail other places, by saying: 

I highly respect Hank, but I strongly disagree with him on this issue. Finally, to your question of "should we forget?"--I don't believe there is any Biblical evidence that "forgetting" is part of forgiving. I may forgive someone for stealing my TV set. It would however be foolish to forget this incident, and therefore fail to put locks on my doors. I may forgive someone who attacks me, but it would be foolish to forget the incident, and make myself vulnerable to future attack. Christ offers us the same forgiveness as the store in my analogy. It is forgiveness extended to all humans. For various reasons, not all humans accept that forgiveness, and therefore reconciliation with Christ is not always experienced. In other words, he argues that it is impossible to forgive someone who does not accept the forgiveness. By extension, you cannot forgive someone who is dead, or with whom you do not communicate. And now, Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed. [ESV] 

The Greek word translated "offspring" in v. 29 is the same word that is used earlier. Thus, by virtue of being "one in Christ Jesus," all Christians are Abraham's "offspring," in the singular sense of offspring. Adam Clarke similarly focuses on the current event of the healing and salvation of the man: 

John MacArthur15 and D. A. Carson in particular point to the language of John 17:5 as evidence that Christ here is discussing his return to his full glory, as Carson writes: Understanding the context here is important. Here's the full passage (John 5:16–18): That said, this text does not refer to this man as an angel, so I don't know if you'd consider it a valid example. Other fathers and commentators refer to this figure as an angel, do not ascribe deity to him, and explain Joshua's worship as mere "veneration" (John of Damascus).1 And since that's how the audience interpreted it, John provides us with an understanding of why in v. 18. Some commentators do employ a bit of speculation on this question, including Augustine himself. The Ancient Christian Commentary on Scripture summarizes Augustine, saying that the fish "represent the faith of the martyrs that have gone through the fiery trials of suffering." With respect to a similar passage in John 21, Augustine writes that "[t]he fish roasted is Christ having suffered" (Treatise 123). 

Reformed theologians who hold to penal substitutionary atonement emphasize a) the divine nature of Christ and the increased capacity for suffering that that implies and b) the intensity of God's wrath against him.