From the ATP World Tour website (emphasis mine): 

It is also worth mentioning 1995 was the comeback year for Monika Seles after the stabbing incident and she only played one GS tournament (US Open). She is listed as year-end No. 1 by WTA together with Steffi Graf (despite having less points than her). 

Note that Jankovic and Wozniacki still have not won a GS tournament. (Seles won her first GS title in 1990, Hingis in 1997 and Davenport in 1998.) 

Rickie Lambert converted all of his 34 penalties for Southampton FC. (Although he missed some penalty kicks in some of his previous clubs. And after transfer from Southampton to Liverpool he did not convert his first penalty in a friendly against AC Milan.) 

For questions of this type, it seems reasonable to create a CW answer where various users can contribute the instances they are aware of, add references, etc. (We will probably not create a complete list, but at least we will have some of them.) 

To answer my question (at least partially) I checked the lists of Gold medalists from junior and senior championships as shown at elitepropects here and here. Note that the lists from older championships are incomplete. (I was able to find that also Makarov, Kasatonov, Krutov, Pervukhin have achieved this. They are not in the list on eliteprospects. I have added them to the list below. Just for reference, I will add here also the version of the lists I was working with - in case they will be updated later. Here are they: juniors and seniors.) 

Jonathan Toews managed to win both the junior and senior world championships in 2007. Are there some other players which managed to win both these championships in the same year? 

I am posting a CW answer, feel free to edit it if there are younger Gagarin cup winners that I was able to find. (Or if you can find further references.) 

Considering that it is NHL website, I would consider the information reliable. So it seems that this is record for Stanley Cup finals. (So this only answers the first part of your question - which is how it was stated originally. It would be nice to find also records for Stanley Cup playoffs and for regular season.) 

Simply by checking List of ATP number 1 ranked singles players at Wikipedia I found two players who were Year-end No. 1 without winning a Grand Slam tournament that year: 

My personal guess is that the average age might have dropped recently, after David Ferrer (34) got out of Top 10. And then it dropped again a bit after relatively young Dominic Thiem (22) entered Top 10, following French Open - where he reached his first Grand Slam semifinals. 

I tried simply to google for nhl no shots in a period and found this: 

Adriano Panatta saved 11 match points in his match against Kim Warwick in the first round of 1976 Italian Open. He won this match and then went on to win the tournament. Several sources confirm this as the Open Era record. 1, 2, 3. 4 

There are also several coaches who lead both juniors and seniors to gold medal at World Championships. 

By checking similar list for WTA Tour on Wikipedia we can find the following year-end No. 1's without GS in the same year 

Men Wikipedia article Longest tiebreaker in tennis (current revision) lists 52 points (27-25) from the match between Bury/Kowalczyk and Dasnières de Veigy/Gicquel in the first round of 2012 Marrakech challenger. However, this was at ATP Challenger Tour, not at ATP World Tour level. 

I would like to know who was the youngest player to play in an NHL game. It would be also interesting to know also some related records (youngest goalscorer, youngest player with an assists, similar records for Stanley Cup) and Top 10 of this statistic (if it is available somewhere). 

All time record seems to be Wilmer Allison's win against Giorgio De Stefani after saving 18 match points. This was in 1930 Davis Cup. Sources: 1, 2. 3. 4 

Another long super tie-break is mentioned in this article from WTA website (Internet Archive). It was 40 points (21-19) from the first round match at 2008 Amelia Island between Mattek/Uhlířová and Craybas/Krajicek with super tie break . 

According to the blog Where is the next generation in men’s tennis? (Wayback Machine) written by John Burn-Murdoch (FT Data) in November 2015: 

Is there more of them if we add those, who won golden medals in different years? (For example, Igor Larionov won WJC in 1979 and 1980 and senior championships in 1982, 1983, 1986 and 1989. Other examples of players winning both junior and senior championships include Patrice Bergeron, Scott Niedermayer and Alexander Ovechkin.)