Description: You want the best gear that you can get. Anything below this is dog food. Only the cream of the crop for you. If if's not an Infinity+1 sword, your time has been wasted. Take a look at the Apprentice Leather Doublet When fighting bosses, champions, anything with over 100,000 health, turn on Sweeping Wind. You'll regain your Spirit, and be doing extra damage. If you need to run away, use Lashing Tail Kick on an enemy to keep it from falling off. Higher Critical Damage is just a damage boost. For historical purposes, the previous answer is being kept below. A single resistance; it doesn't matter which one. If you find a piece of equipment that has your chosen resistance and resist all, that's gravy. You can get 90+ resist from one piece of equipment. This will mitigate damage to a very large degree, which is absolutely required for Inferno, even for dodging. You are going to get hit. Make it hurt as little as possible. It removes snares, stuns, jail effects, freeze effects, and any other effect, while making you immune for the duration (walls, however, still block you). Yes, it has been stated by Jay Wilson of Blizzard that Inferno will be soloable, and yes, being in a group will make it easier: You don't equip them. Your followers do. This is especially important in Hardcore mode, where it is better to be a few levels higher than normal for boss encounters. Another major, major benefit to this spell is that you can pick up health globes while under its effects. This means that you can safely run through champion packs, rares, and uniques/bosses while low on health to snag some much-needed healing that would otherwise be far too dangerous to pick up (e.g. in the middle of multiple arcane lazers, molten magma trails, etc.). New monsters will "ignore you" if you pass by them, but are out of sight before the effects of the spell wear off. In other words, you do not aggro new monsters while spirit walking (although your follower or minions following behind could, if they don't wind up warping past the monsters to catch up with your increased speed). I've been slowly working my way through Inferno, and I think I've come up with a respectable build. I'm focusing on a hybrid dodge/life regen build. So, when salvaging an item, make sure to see what the required level is. If the item has a reduced requirements affix, then add that to the required level to get the true item level. Since 1.05, and the introduction of Monster Power, Reduced Level Requirements affects the materials gained. So for inferno salvage, your items cannot have a reduced level requirements affix. This one's a little bit of a moving target. Your goal for this is to try to get as much 6-affix gear as you can. To this end, Magic Find plays a very large part in what you want. Run Act 1 with as much Magic Find as you can possible carry and still have no problems at all. Now, here's the tricky part: If you find you are getting more legendaries than you're really wanting, that means you have too MUCH Magic Find; you want just a little less than that, to get the 6-affix rares. This is the sign that you should move up an Act. Switching out gear to be more survivable will take care of the extra Magic Find, and the higher act will garner you better chances of Inferno-class gear. Edit: Note that a recent hotfix (4/3/14), changed Nephalem Rifts to provide an additional 25% chance for Legendary items to drop (stacking with the bonus from Torment Tiers, if applicable). New monsters will "ignore you" if you pass by them, but are out of sight before the effects of the spell wear off. In other words, you do not aggro new monsters while spirit walking (although your follower or minions following behind could, if they don't wind up warping past the monsters to catch up with your increased speed). Another major, major benefit to this spell is that you can pick up health globes while under its effects. This means that you can safely run through champion packs, rares, and uniques/bosses while low on health to snag some much-needed healing that would otherwise be far too dangerous to pick up (e.g. in the middle of multiple arcane lazers, molten magma trails, etc.). Edit: Updated for 1.0.4 You can cancel any auction, so long as no bids have been made on it yet.