Note: It can be better if you (and other Muslim) endeavor to use Islamic phrases in such positions instead of not-Islamic words as much as possible. Although the above-mentioned word "Allah-Hazez" seems to be a nice OK word as well. 

On the other hand, Arabic language is counted as one of the most populous language and according to my research, Arabic is considered as the Sixth language of the world (from the aspect of the population). 

For instance, look at the questions below which a person has inquired (which could help you): 

2: Ummah as the heir of the earth 

If the organs of the donors are used for the cure of other patients, but quicken their death, it is impermissible, other than that, if the surgery is done with the donor’s permission or another ‘muhtaram’ person’s life depends on it, it is permissible. 

Different dimensions of the concept of Ummah in the Islamic culture (in short): 

It is permissible, given that all necessary conditions are met. 

It is permissible to say Allah Hafiz as you asked: 

In his commentary on sunan an-Nasa'i as-Suyuti added a quote of one of his sheikhs explaining the importance of these deeds by saying that "the grain" of these deeds still exist after their life as if they were still alive, he also discussed what kind of knowledge would be more appropriate among the possibilities (Imam as-Subki as it seems was of the opinion that compiled books are the ones with most benefit and should be of a higher value). 

On the way how you may perform it 

beside this the other 5 reasons are (see also this fatwa in Arabic): 

Al-Qassy: are clothes mixed with silk lines 

put forth [righteousness] for yourselves (Sahih international) do some good act for your souls beforehand (Yusuf Ali) do good beforehand for yourselves (Shakir) place forward (good deeds) for yourselves (Dr. Ghali) 

First of all i repeat saying that I'm no expert on this matter and my answer is based on my interpretation of this article in Arabic (in addition to other references I found). I try to transmit what I've learnt or understood as is, so you will see me pointing at critical points and at discussions, but I won't tell you whom might be right or wrong. For example: when it comes to the discussion of the relevant angle for fajr and 'isha timing I'll just transmit the information as precise as I can as different references use different definitions or terms, so I'm not even sure whether it's the same angle they are quoting. 

For instance, look at the questions below which a person has inquired (which could help you): 

To the best of my knowledge, solely a kind of Qusl (Qusl al-Jenabah) would be sufficient instead of Wudu. In other word, you don’t need for wudu after doing Qusl-a;-Jenabah. But after doing other Qusls, you ought to take wudu. (According to majority of Shia Marja’s) 

On the other hand, on the whole, Islam suggests the Moslems to use right hand as much as possible, a reason can be related to “Ashab-al-Yamin” as the right path. Since apparently the righteous was is considered as the right side, not left. Moreover, I have heard that the Prophet (s) and Shia’s Imam always used to eat by their right hand (unless in some specific situation which had to …) 

For instance, you can read the text below (according to: www.islamquest.net) which shows three ways which Satan enters...: 

The Arabic word /ummah/, according to Mufradat by Raqib, means any group or nation that a common cause joins them to each other, such as being common in religion and creed, being in the same time or Age, and being in one definite place, whether this unity is optional or non-optional. Some commentators have considered the phrase: ‘single Ummah’, mentioned here, as ‘a single religion’. Some others have said that the objective meaning of ‘Ummah’, in this verse, is the whole mankind in all ages and times. 

But solely being as an Imam for Salah-a-Jama’a it doesn’t seem wajib to have the permission of leader/caliph/Imam. Although there are some conditions for being the Imam of Jama’ that the Imam and persons who prayers behind him, ought to note those conditions in order to have correct Salahs. 

Note That some calculation methods instead of using a formula for the calculation (the deviation angle) of 'isha and fajr prayer times add or subtract a fixed amount of time: Um-al-Qora uses 'isha'= maghrib + 90 min during the year with the exception of 'isha' = maghrib + 120 min during Ramadan. 

I hope you can provide me some referenced answers with a practical solution how this ghusl would/could be performed! 

If you recite some Surahs from the Koran it is better to recite at the 2nd rakaa a Surah which is smaller then the one you recite in the first rakaa and it should be after that Surah in the order of the Mushaf/Quran (this is a preference, but not a most in some Madhabs) for example you shouldn't recite in the first raka-a Surat An-Nas (114) as you only can therefore only recite it once again in the 2nd raka-a (which is no problem at all), or if you recite Surath al Ikhlass (112) you could only recite afterwards Surath An-Nas (114) or Surat al Falaq (113).