(turning them to face me) That's wrong. You know it, I know it. Don't forget what I told you about lying... That's what happened, right? 

This is generally an age where you can have a reasonable conversation. They can remember to bring papers home from school (or daycare or even home-care). They can follow the basic "rules of the road" at school, can likely recite to you why they follow the rules and then tell you want will happen if they don't. In other words, they are familiar with consequences and I think a child this age is ready to link responsibility to those consequences. 

I'm a forceful parent. Sometimes I get concerned looks in public when I say things like "what the hell are you doing?" but it works for me because I'm a rather assertive person. And sometimes I've made assumptions and accusations that were wrong. But I apologize directly, just like I would expect of my kids, ("I'm sorry honey. I misunderstood) and we all move on. All taht being said, the above is what I think you should do. 

Your child has now suffered the natural consequence of having missed out so this is not a negotiation about the consequence, this is showing them how to brainstorm how to "fix" or at least make up for a mistake they've made - an important life skill. 

How to Talk so Kids will Listen and Listen so Kids will Talk This book discusses the pitfalls of too much praise, how to use non-evaluative statements, how to correct or critique constructively instead of deconstructively and yes, how to actually listen to your kids (somewhat). 

In regard to other situations My daughter has two older cousins that are, shall we say "undisciplined" so it was especially tricky. The cousins are by-way of an in-law and her parenting style at family functions at least is pretty much "leave well enough alone." She let her two year old slap the newborn all the time when the second one was an infant and said, "Well she is expressing her frustration about the disturbance the baby has made in her life." Obviously, talking to the parent wasn't a real option for me. 

First, if I hadn't seen what happened, I asked. I let both kids tell me their side of the story. This gave me great information to use with my daughter later if we needed a follow up discussion - either about different choices she could make to help herself out of a situation sooner, or about different choices she could make altogether (like sharing nicely). 

It is really important that you not look or act worried though. Your offer has to be made calmly so the child can assess the damage. Usually, I try not to react until after she is already upset (because most of the time, she doesn't bother if I don't) It has worked pretty well for us. 

Just to reiterate, these are the things that worked for me. Your mileage may vary, but you asked for ideas and I'm just doing my job around this forum by bringing my own experience into the mix. 

Appropriate discipline? Man, you know your kids better than I do. What has worked for me with all 5 of my kids is spanking. The only time they get the hand is if they lie. Consequently it rarely happens. 1x a year maybe... matter of fact, i don't think i had to spank the 8 at all in 2011. 

You guys can't do that. You're both clearly hamstrung by fear of this person's reaction. Eff That. And here's some tuff love: Grow up. Own it. 

"Well, we'll just see what the court has to say about it." 

2) Detail the situation. What I've done is gotten down on their level, holding them tight by the side so they can't get away. 

I like Ali's answer in the context of the 4yo. 

I'm a forceful parent. Sometimes I get concerned looks in public when I say things like "what the hell are you doing?" but it works for me because I'm a rather assertive person. And sometimes I've made assumptions and accusations that were wrong. But I apologize directly, just like I would expect of my kids, ("I'm sorry honey. I misunderstood) and we all move on. All taht being said, the above is what I think you should do. 

How to Talk so Kids will Listen and Listen so Kids will Talk This book discusses the pitfalls of too much praise, how to use non-evaluative statements, how to correct or critique constructively instead of deconstructively and yes, how to actually listen to your kids (somewhat). 

It is really important that you not look or act worried though. Your offer has to be made calmly so the child can assess the damage. Usually, I try not to react until after she is already upset (because most of the time, she doesn't bother if I don't) It has worked pretty well for us. 

I think you are essentially headed in the right direction on a parallel track to the one you are intending in your discussions with him about "good boys" and "bad boys." Instead, I wonder if you might use more of an approach where you speak about your feelings - especially in regard to trust. "When I get pinched, and it hurts it is hard to trust that person won't hurt me that way again. If the person who did the pinching says, 'sorry' it is like saying, 'I'm sorry I did that, I won't do it again.' If you say 'sorry' and don't do it again, it is easier for me to trust you and want to hang out." 

The second thing I would suggest, again, if you haven't already done so, is only participating in "special hugs" when he is out of the house or you are on the other side of a locked door. Your son simply isn't ready for viewing this activity and it has shown in how he is behaving after viewing you. Help yourselves out by taking steps to avoid a recurrence.