I posted a thread previously about differences in cultures. Again, I am part of 2 cultures, and based on 1 of them, parents apologising to children is a very good thing, it is considered setting a good example and it teaches the child manners and also respecting them at the same time if the parent does something wrong and apologies to the child. 

Does Islam have any rules about this? i.e. in Islam, are parents allowed (or encouraged) to apologies to their children if the parent wrongs the child somehow. Or is it considered almost sin like for parents to apologies to children if the parent wrongs the child in some form. 

By saying something like "ohhh, sorry, are you OK"? 1 culture I am part of recommends this, the other culture considers this almost sin like. What does islam encourage? That parents are too high in their position as a parent to apologies to children, or parents should teach their children by apologising to them if needed to set an example? 

For example, the parent is going from 1 room in the house to another, and accidentally bumps into a child because the parent was not looking where s/he was going. Does Islam say that the parent should apologies, or does Islam that the parent should never apologies to his/her child? 

In the map below, only the darkest part is night. Fajr and Isha will be observed at the darkest point and the first shade. 

Fajr - when the night breaks. Isha - when the night starts. 

You can confirm that Fajr is the astronomical twilight by matching prayer times to astronomical twilight. They will always match. 

After astronomical twilight, while it is still pretty much dark, there is contribution of light in the sky from sun so it is not considered night. 

Night is the darkest part of the day when sun goes below 18 deg of horizon. When sun is at this position, it does not contribute to any light in the sky, hence the night. 

It is worth noting that many part in the world at this time of year, including London, does have proper night as the sun never goes below 18 deg of horizon, although they still observe Fajr timing there. The Fajr timing in these area, like in London, are usually 10-15 min before nautical twilight 1. 

For those of you who don't know what it is, consider going through this page or this is good too. 

If the above advises are not a solution for you, then maybe visiting a psychiatrist would be. 

Your question is vague. I'll explain you how in contrast with today's world of thanking vs the "thanking" used in Qur'an 31:14 and also probably used in the article pointed out by Dinar in the comments. (https://plus.google.com/109702928551400026668/posts/VcqzMhdLe7e) 

These conditions fall under the umbrella term called "Addiction", and has something to do with your Dopaminergic activity. 

Are you sure fasting did not help? 

Please note that usually the symptoms like compulsive paranoia / hallucinations (which you've been calling vivid imagination a.k.a day dreaming), and addictions are related to serious mental disorders like Schizophrenia, Bipolar Disorder etc. These thoughts come again and again, no matter how hard you try to not think about them. 

I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". 

It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". 

This has a higher probability that the killer might completely stop, but doesn't guarantee that because as said already, it depends on various circumstances like if, the person is deemed to receive death penalty by the Islamic law, then no one can help. 

Also remember Allah as much as you can. 

Having an after noon nap should also help. 

Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. 

I testify that there is no God but one God called "The Lord God" or in other words "Allah" (The God), and I also bear witness that a man called Muhammad was a prophet of God. 

The above actual "thanks" is what that can be inferred from Qur'an 31:14 and also from the Hadith in the article i.e. thanking, can be either done by doing something useful to the one who helped you, or simply making Du'a (may Allah grant you good things) for the person who helped you. (Still even in this way you're doing something useful to the one who helped you).