Doing research in the history of philosophy can be a daunting task at times for exactly this reason: e.g. you might want to understand certain nowadays "classics" in their own time and place and discover - not without puzzlement - that you have to acquaint yourself with obscure figures and ideas in order to proceed any further. Sometimes these figures were much more popular during their time than today's "classics". some see a middle-way between the two by adopting another FO set theory like Morse–Kelley set theory. MK, which allows proper classes along withs sets, is syntactically almost identical to second-order ZFC, but differs quite in its semantics. The term leads back to pneuma, a central concept in stoic metaphysics: is however incorrect. FO axiomatizations of set theory became only dominant starting in the mid 30s. There is an hypothesis to the effect that this timeline should be correlated with Tarski's important contribution to model theory (truth, logical consequence). On this view, FOL became standard not (only) because of its intrinsic qualities, but because it was shown to have a particularly nice model theory. For the very simple reason that they have been passed on by subsequent thinkers, while all others have not. (There is even the suspicion that Skolem's axiomatization was FO by chance…! There is some good evidence that a lot of the finest minds of their times - like Fraenkel and von Neumann - had trouble developing a real understanding of the difference between FOL and SOL in the mid 20s!). In this sense it can be said that what makes up the canon are no "personal philosophies", but highly adapted ideas to a certain point in time. Also, your question implies that what makes up a philosophical canon simply accumulates over time. The most important lesson here, I think, is that there is no such static mainstream, an overarching canon. "Classics" change from century to century. 3. The emergence of FOL It is not a coincidence, I think, that it was in this metatheoretical setting, and in the Schröder-Hilbert-Zermelo tradition, that logic was put on the operating table to be dissected, so to speak. It was a direct consequence of the need to investigate metalogically the properties (soundness, completeness, compactness, consistency, categoricity etc.) of various logical fragments: In 1918 Bernays gave the first rigorous proof of completeness of such a subsystem of logic, i.e. propositional logic. Another fragment turned out to be what we now call FOL. Specifically, it was first developed in 1917 under the name restricted functional calculus by Hilbert as a subsystem of his functional calculus (effectively a ramified type theory), but was only published in the classic textbook coauthored with Ackermann Grundzüge der theoretischen Logik in 1928, where it was still treated as a subsystem. Kant subsumes the metaphysical approach of Plato, Aristotle, Leibniz and Wolff as the dogmatic period. A second approach is the sceptical approach. And the third approach is his own critical metaphysics of transcendental philosophy. The latter determines the scope and boundary of metaphysics. Kant considers this kind of framing a progress because it terminates the unsteadiness of the discipline. I would not overestimate Descartes‘ dedication of The Meditations to the theological faculty of the Sorbonne to be a proof for Descartes' apologetic religious intention. Already the first sentence of the dedication makes clear that Descartes' expects that the influential theologians defend his work and make it public. The philosophers who remain in their discipline are falling behind the cutting edge. They are no longer familiar with the problems and the results of contemporary science by their own experience. Only a few philosophers got an additional formal training in physics, biology or other sciences. Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate. The term leads back to pneuma, a central concept in stoic metaphysics: Last, but not least: The book is enjoyable to read. 2. Metalogical research The important point is that these two traditions scored unevenly in the above mentioned task of investigating logical fragments and their properties. Of the two, the latter was in Lakatosian terms the progressive research program because it was interested from the start in metalogical questions, while the former was not. I'd say it started around the 1950 and got off the ground around 1980 ;) And Gödel, although he argued for a FO *meta*language, used a variant of type theory in his famous paper in 1931! Doing research in the history of philosophy can be a daunting task at times for exactly this reason: e.g. you might want to understand certain nowadays "classics" in their own time and place and discover - not without puzzlement - that you have to acquaint yourself with obscure figures and ideas in order to proceed any further. Sometimes these figures were much more popular during their time than today's "classics". is however incorrect. FO axiomatizations of set theory became only dominant starting in the mid 30s. There is an hypothesis to the effect that this timeline should be correlated with Tarski's important contribution to model theory (truth, logical consequence). On this view, FOL became standard not (only) because of its intrinsic qualities, but because it was shown to have a particularly nice model theory. The long answer It seems trivial today, but in order to adopt first-order logic (FOL), one has to be able to isolate it from second-order logic (SOL) or higher-order logics. And this possibility was itself an important conquest. Up to Principia Mathematica, several versions of second-order logic (including infinitary logic) were commonly employed by logicians without much care. FOL and SOL were not really distinguished (distinguishable?) until the relative merits and vices of each one were investigated. Or, to state it the other way around: It was the foundationalist quest which lead to study not only the expressibility, but also the properties of various fragments and it was through this venue that FOL and SOL were discerned.