The relevant factor is rolling resistance, not weight. On a flat surface there's a more or less parabolic relationship between tyre pressure and rolling resistance. The region you're talking about is the low side of the curve, where more pressure in the tyre gives lower rolling resistance. The losses here are mostly from deforming the tyre, so riding underinflated is costing you money in increased tyre wear as well as time through riding slowly. As a first approximation you could use zero. When you are fixing this it's tempting to just deflate, push the bead down, and re-inflate. The problem will occur again very quickly. The actual issue is that you have a circular bead that's slighter bigger than the circular bead seat on the rim. If you arrange them so that they're concentric (even all the way round) that will work, but it's not stable until you pump the tyre back up to push it up hard against the rim. There's also a relationship between total weight and optimum tyre pressure. Vittoria have an online calculator and there's a simpler one here with a link to the papers it's based on. Basically, more weight means more pressure and it's not a linear relationship. My impression is that many (most?) cyclists I know go to a local bike shop and talk to people, see what's available, and buy something they can actually touch. At least once, anyway, before going "I can get these much cheaper online". Having decided on a brand or brands, and a preference for fat/slick/kevlar-studded and so on, they then grind through a few options over the next few thousand kilometres of riding before developing either very strong preferences (like the bike geeks here), or a complete lack of interest. Working in a bike shop I really did get people who brought bikes in and said "tyre. flat. replace. bye" then walked out, leaving me holding a bike going "can I at least get your phone number?" Availability is also important. If you're going to try some tyres with a view to picking one you like, pick a manufacturer that's been around for a while and doesn't change their darn tyres every year. Otherwise every time you buy a tyre you have to work out which one best matches the one you bought last year. If you're buying online, try to pick a store that keeps stuff in stock. It's annoying buying something only to wait a month while it gets shipped from a warehouse in China when you chose a "local" online store. From experience though, increased tyre wear is not a big factor. At one stage I was only riding about 8-9km each way to work so I dropped the tyre pressure on my slick tyre MTB to compensate. Tyre lifetime was still determined by tread wear and didn't seem to drop - it definitely wasn't halved, for example. Bike handling was compromised a bit and I did get more punctures (n~3, though) It's worth buying a bike pump, not just for times like this, but so you can keep your tyres pumped up which will make riding easier. And it's a step on the way to owning a puncture repair kit (which will save you money as well as time). To fit 700c (ISO 622) wheels into a bike built for 27" (ISO 630) you only need to shift the rim brake pads down 4mm. If you're exceptionally lucky your current brakes will have enough reach and you'll just have to adjust the pads. That's the first thing to check, because if that doesn't work there's no way you're going to do this on a $50 budget. The area from above was 1290 mm², which we need to divide by 100² to get it in dm² for the volume calculations = 0.129 dm² That seems a little on the short side, but it's vaguely plausible, so what's the volume? Unfortunately the volume of a toroidal section is a bit beyond my rusty calculus, so I'm going to cheat. A lot. But this may also indicate that the tyre is slightly too large for your rim, in which case you're better off buying a different tyre. The way to find out is to fix it and see whether it happens again. So, my preference is for puncture resistant to very, very puncture resistant slicks, with more puncture resistance on my commuter and less on my touring bike (where rolling resistance is more important). On my velomobile I went for extreme puncture resistance because going much faster also meant that the time taken to stop and fix a puncture stood out a lot more. Spending 10 minutes fixing a puncture on a 20km ride that should have taken under 30 minutes is more annoying than I expected, so after it happened once I went for serious puncture resistance. I also prefer a brand (Schwalbe) and apart from a few older Maxxis tyres that haven't worn out yet, all... 6... bikes in our shed have Scwalbe tyres. Marathon Plus through to Marathons, with Duranos on my 700c "lazy bike" (takes less effort to go faster than by other bikes, therefore "lazy") If you have a weird bike with odd-sized wheels it's vaguely possible that this is actually the wrong size tyre altogether. But that's unlikely. More likely you have a cheap bike with slightly undersize wheels, or a damaged rim, and a generously built (cheap) tyre.