But from the "machinery" of arithmetic (addition, multiplication, etc.) the "limiting case" of the number that "count no things at all" is uncontroversial (and very uselful indeed). Having established its existence and basic property, the emptyset has a central role in the theory (see e.g. Von Neumann construction of the natural numbers). In Newton's early (around 1664) manuscript called Waste Book we can find some "conjectures" [see folio 10v : Axiomes & Propositions, 4 and 6] regarding the proportionality between force and change in quantity of motion produced. 

We can say that noumenon is the "limiting case" of a "thing" devoided of all "properties" (what we ascribe to it following our phenomenal experience). 

A possible reference to check (but I've not read it) is Alain Badiou's ontology. 

But things may have gone differently ... We can comapre with the Law of universal gravitation : the "simplest" proportionality would be to decrease with the distance; the "natural" one would be to the decrease with the cube of the radius (the force spreads out in space). See : John Herivel, The Background to Newton's Principia : A Study of Newton's Dynamical Researches in the Years 1664-84 (1965). In the same way, having assumed the concept of set (a collection of things), we can easily imagine the "limiting case" of a set without elements; with the basic axioms for sets (specifically : the Extensionality axiom) we can prove that all empty sets are equals, and thus speak of the empty set. Consider this analogy: numbers are used to count "things". Thus, what is the number 0 ? What does it mean to count "no things" ? Following your suggestion, we may say that "things" are known through their interactions with us; these interactions are the phenomena. The main deviation of Kant from Hume is that while Hume denied the possibilty of non-empirical knowledge altogether, Kant pointed out that mathematics or the principle of causality in physics, which Hume criticized most ardently, are treated as true a priori, i.e. non-empirically. However, he sought a justification for this not in metaphysics of "reality", but in our own constitution. His ingenious idea was that we ourselves insert non-empirical aspects into our own experience:"So the Humean problem is completely solved, though in a way that would have surprised its inventor… the complete reverse of anything that Hume envisaged — instead of the concepts (of the understanding) being derived from experience, that experience is derived from them". 

Categorical intuition releases Husserl from the need to keep perhaps the most implausible part of Kantian picture, the forever immutable a priori categories and forms of intuition. But it is not the intellectual intuition of Spinoza and Fichte, it captures invariances of sensuous experience, not "glimpses" of things in themselves. But with it Husserl can be more generous on what is almost a vanishing point in Kant, the unknowable X. The transcendence, as Husserl calls it, is that content of consciousness that "points beyond" consciousness itself, given to it as not its own but foreign, subject to pre-cognitive awareness as the "raw matter" of sensuous experience. The limited creative ability to perceive wholes, however weak and partial, ability that Kant denied us completely as "intellectus archetypus", allowed Husserl to remove some of the other-worldliness surrounding Kantian "supersensible substrate of experience", although as for Kant it remains beyond the reach of knowledge. In the A and B edition (first and second edition of Kant himself) thesis and antithesis are presented as thesis on even pages, antithesis on uneven pages, so that you can read them parallel. The titles (e.g. "The antinomy's of pure reason third antagonism of the transcendental ideas", own translation) are cross-page. 

One thing to pay attention to here: He speaks of 'objective principle', not 'law'. Otherwise hypothetical imperatives could not be imperatives. But they in fact are objective in the sense that given the situation and the end, they have objective validity, i.e. you really ought to do this objectively in these situations if you want to achieve this. 

Further evidence This is consistent to all his earlier writings and his opus posthumum: 

My main issue is not the understanding of the text in question, it really is a question about his conception in general: 

There are some remarks of the original editioners, but they are not exactly voluminuous. This edition is the very basis of any academic work on Kant rather than something build upon it like you seem to look for.