Leaving aside whether or not the President should refuse to otherwise uphold the "law of land," there is a definite precedent for him to act by Executive Order. 

are incompatible with the genius of a body so variable and so numerous. The very complication of the business, by introducing a necessity of the concurrence of so many different bodies, would of itself afford a solid objection. The greater frequency of the calls upon the House of Representatives, and the greater length of time which it would often be necessary to keep them together when convened, to obtain their sanction in the progressive stages of a treaty, would be a source of so great inconvenience and expense as alone ought to condemn the project. 

Indeed, even as late as Woodrow Wilson (a face made for radio), directly communicating with "the American people" was considered somewhat novel. Wilson's tour to sell the League of Nations to the country was conisdered a novelty. Wilson's successor - Harding is often considered the first candidate picked for looks instead of a message, and FDR was really the first to use the airwaves extensively in his campaigns. (Calvin Coolidge in particular was known to loathe public occasions and avoided them as much as possible. While he used the radio, he didn't particularly like it, and called it "a technology of the future," not the present.) 

Running for office has no bearing on your current office in any way. It's only if you win that adjustments need to be made. 

Stare decisis (aka Precedent.) Courts hate deciding "new" things. A court prefers to show that they are just ruling the way they always have. Changing things unsettles everybody, so it takes something really egregious, like Brown v. Board of Education overturning Plessy v. Furgeson only after it became obvious that separate was never equal. 

Both the House of Representatives and the Senate rule themselves according to the rules they adopt - typically at the beginning of each session. Article I, Section 5 of the Constitution lays this out, stating: 

In 2008, for example, both candidates, Barack Obama and John McCain, were sitting U.S. Senators (incidentally, it was the first such time this ever happened). 

5-4 decisions are not as common as you might think- SCOTUS blog's 2013-2014 stats pack showed it was only 14% of them this year, and Anthony Kennedy was in the 5 100% of the time. As such, it would pretty much be Kennedy we are talking about, and he is still young. 

Over the course of the year, let's say you have about $2000 in taxes withheld. The government wants you to have children (avoid being like Japan, and have someone to pay your Social Security later ya know!), and so they want to make it cheaper for you to have kids. 

The real question then is not, "Why a deduction vs. a credit," but rather, why does the government allow any deductions or credits whatsoever? The answer is, there are certain activities that the government wants to foster, so they are literally lowering the price of doing it. 

Specifically in regards to who can call for a vote, however - that's long been the perogative of the Speaker. Indeed, by controlling the calendar, the Speaker has the ability to influence legislation far more than if he actually voted on it. Sam Rayburn (a Democrat Speaker in the 50s and 60s), in particular, held tight control over the calendar in order to ensure his priorities were the priorities of the House. 

Since this is a power of Congress, you need to be looking in Article I, rather than Article II. (That said, I would have thought it was about the President, too :))