Herr and Frau Luther were married a little over two years after the escape, and Frau Luther, "die Lutherin", became a role model for vicars wives everywhere. Nicholas reigned nearly three years during which he made his brother and two nephews cardinals. After the next election had produced no result after five months, the magistrates tried a new approach. They arrested Nicholas's nephews accusing them of impeding the election. This led, relatively quickly, to the election of Martin IV. Outraged by what had happened the people of Rome would not allow Martin to set foot in their city at any point in his four year reign. The next pope, Honorius IV was elected within a week of Martin's death, before some cardinals had even been notified of the death. Honorius reigned two years and one day, dying in April 1287. The absolucion to be pronounced by the minister alone. The next conclave, too, lasted only a day, but the one after, in 1304-1305 lasted 11 months. The cardinals however did not starve. As soon as they got together they voted that the conclave rules would not apply to them. He studied at Wittenburg and amassed a library of some 25,000 volumes, becoming one of the foremost scholars of his age. 

Until the mid-20th century Melanchthon's version was simply accepted. In 1959 historian Hans Volz suggested that the theses may have been sent only to a select group on October 31st and published somewhat later. Then the Roman Catholic historian Irwin Iserloh, pointed out that there is no record Luther ever mentioned posting the theses on the church door, and proposed the idea that Luther never did publish his theses on the door, but that this was a later misunderstanding by Melanchthon. Coming shortly before the 450th anniversary, this proved controversial. 

In fact Luther goes further back, to the Council of Jerusalem in Acts 15 . The chief subject was whether Gentile Christians must obey the Mosaic Law. The decision: no. But to this was added a stipulation, proposed by James, about abstaining from blood. If people were to take that seriously, Luther pointed out, nobody would eat blutwurst. Since a ban on German sausages was so patently preposterous, it proved that the peripheral decrees of councils, even of the apostles never mind later bishops, could not to be taken seriously as having any permanent relevance. (Luther also moved James' epistle towards the back of German Bibles, but gave reasons unconnected with sausages.) 

Paragraph 7 says that the teachings of the Ecumenical Councils are authoritative for both Lutherans and Orthodox, but goes on that the seventh was not part of the tradition received at the Reformation, and that it does not have the same significance for Lutherans as it does for Orthodox. 

This was the position in the time of the Reformation.