Our elder child didn't sleep until she was two, so we tried LOTS of things to help her sleep. One that was a huge help was suggested by our pediatrician, which is the 90-minute activity cycle. Essentially, after waking, a child will be active and hungry for approximately 90 minutes, and then be ready for another sleep, and will nap for 90 minutes or a multiple thereof, at which point they awaken and you lather-rinse-repeat. Watch his activity for a few days; if you see that he starts getting tired and cranky about 90 minutes after waking, go ahead & put him down for a nap and see if it helps. For sleeping in his crib, that's going to take time and patience. The swaddling might help, and having a routine will DEFINITELY help (turn on the white noise, rock and feed, place him on his back and gently rub his chest for a few minutes, things like that; do these things every single time you put him down, so that he knows what to expect and will be less anxious trying to anticipate what will happen next). @Stephie nailed it, but I'll add a couple more suggestions. If you don't currently swaddle your son, try it. In the last trimester, babies are crammed quite tightly in the uterus, and tend to find being swaddled snugly to be comforting. We swaddled both of ours as long as we could do so safely. Research indicates that lovies are there to help kids transition from the parent to the rest of the world. My son (2.5) sleeps with approximately 12 trucks, four bears, a caterpillar, three pillows and Iron Man. (I sometimes wonder how on earth he can fit in there with all those toys.) He will get quite upset if he wakes up and a toy isn't there and should be. It's not for protection, or fear; he does it because these toys are his lovies. My daughter, 5.5, does the same thing (except for the quantity). We always verify that each one is there at bedtime for her peace of mind. Start putting the child to sleep by rocking on a chair or walking around with him. DO NOT put him to sleep in your bed. He might try to break free from your hold as he is crying - do not let go. Hold him tightly, and let him know that you love him and that he must sleep. Our daughter used to crib, call for the other parent, but be patient - sing songs - and believe that the suffering won't last long :) It's actually quite common for foods that a breastfeeding mother is eating to cause gas or colicy behavior in a child. A friend had to avoid eating chocolate because her child would cry on hours and hours after she'd eat a chocolate. Lo behold, that child still doesn't like chocolate - not allergic to it - but it just doesn't sit well. I've known people whose infants have had issues with the mother eating orange juice as well. This will take a lot of persistence and work on your part. You must be stubborn and convince your child that he is NOT going to get to sleep anywhere but the crib. If there is something you eat in the evening or at dinner everyday, and you are breastfeeding, consider eliminating that - or at least finding out what it is. I am not sure why you are dismissing this is a "lack of medical cause." This happens, it is a fact. The cause of it is clear too. It is not an old wives tale. And no, it is not common to medicate the child to get rid of this gas pain. It is an adjustment period for the child to very new foods. There are even studies on this topic. For sleeping in his crib, that's going to take time and patience. The swaddling might help, and having a routine will DEFINITELY help (turn on the white noise, rock and feed, place him on his back and gently rub his chest for a few minutes, things like that; do these things every single time you put him down, so that he knows what to expect and will be less anxious trying to anticipate what will happen next). My son (2.5) sleeps with approximately 12 trucks, four bears, a caterpillar, three pillows and Iron Man. (I sometimes wonder how on earth he can fit in there with all those toys.) He will get quite upset if he wakes up and a toy isn't there and should be. It's not for protection, or fear; he does it because these toys are his lovies. My daughter, 5.5, does the same thing (except for the quantity). We always verify that each one is there at bedtime for her peace of mind. @Stephie nailed it, but I'll add a couple more suggestions. If you don't currently swaddle your son, try it. In the last trimester, babies are crammed quite tightly in the uterus, and tend to find being swaddled snugly to be comforting. We swaddled both of ours as long as we could do so safely. Research indicates that lovies are there to help kids transition from the parent to the rest of the world. This will take a lot of persistence and work on your part. You must be stubborn and convince your child that he is NOT going to get to sleep anywhere but the crib. The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. If there is something you eat in the evening or at dinner everyday, and you are breastfeeding, consider eliminating that - or at least finding out what it is. I am not sure why you are dismissing this is a "lack of medical cause." This happens, it is a fact. The cause of it is clear too. It is not an old wives tale. And no, it is not common to medicate the child to get rid of this gas pain. It is an adjustment period for the child to very new foods. There are even studies on this topic.