This perfection depending on its particular objects is inevitably communicated in religious scriptures with concepts of perfection that we humans normally use to refer to this-worldly instances of perfection and wholesomeness, such as virginity for women, despite the fact that there's a substantial difference between, for example, this-worldly virginity and next-worldly feminine perfection. This is in brief because next worldly manifestations of perfection are not natural things, but through association we tend to think of next worldly things accounted in scriptures as natural things that have been somehow stretched beyond their normal limits, and this way of thinking in combination with some common anti-religious or anti-Islamic prejudices (such as the assumption that those accounts result from salacious aspirations of a backward tribal society) result in the kind of knee-jerk interpretations that renders those accounts sound ridiculous, but these assumptions are far removed from the highly intellectual interpretations of Muslim traditional meta-physicians and mystics . I think what came above is sufficient for the purposes of this question except with respect to one particular claim in the video which is the problem with the heavenly person's perception that the virgin woman he is presented "is the best thing in heaven" which is resolved by the doctrine that heaven has many levels, and people's perception in heaven is bounded by their respective rank therein. Hence to the person for whom the highest deserving heavenly reward is not the utmost reward (as granted to more virtuous), his own particular enjoyment can seem like the best possible enjoyment since even though he might know through conceptual knowledge that there are higher enjoyments and better people in heaven, since he can't actually enjoy and imagine those higher levels, upon his personal euphoric experience of his own rank-specific enjoyment, his concrete and immediate feeling would be like he's enjoying "the best thing in heaven." 

Just like Artificially-Intelligence robots/computer programs make their own (partially non-automated) decisions even though they're the "created" by us, by Humans! e.g, if you give an AI program some input, it will make decision and give output, if you give it the same input after a period of time, it might make a different decision and give a different output. They're not really "automated", and we, their creators, may not be able to predict that output. That's somehow similar to the case we are discussing; Allah created us, but He didn't "automate" us, He granted us brains (minds), we have our own will, and we make our own decisions. Thus Allah judges us. The difference between the two cases ("Humans created AI programs" and "Allah created Humans") is that Humans don't know AI programs' decisions, while Allah knows what we will do. 

Note: any improvements/discussions to this answer are most welcome. So obviously yes, Qur'an refers specifically to the orbit, i.e, the round way/road which sun and moon move (float) in. Yes definitely Allah is the All Knowing, He knows every thing in the past, present, and future. But knowing something doesn't necessarily mean doing (or determining) it. Allah knows what will happen in the future because He is God, He is the Perfect, not becuase he determined it. You you can imagine that He predicts our actions, and his prediction is always 100% true and successful (but please don't believe it, since Allah doesn't predict, but Knows, has the ultimate knowledge). Allah (the only, unique God in Islamic beliefs), created/creates two types of creations: But since Allah knows what we will do, doesn't that mean that he pre-determined our actions? But how could Humans have their own will while they're the creations of Allah? 

Hope that's clear enough, and hope I haven't missed up anything or said anything not true (may Allah forgive me). 

Disbelief here basically means rejecting what Allah is. Allah for example is Al-Ahad (The One); if you believe in an Allah who is one of many gods, then you're not truly believing in Allah. 

However, taken in context the emphasis is far less on any particular mode of fighting as it is on unity. The hypocrites who "…say what [they] do not do" are essentially being reprimanded for either failing to fulfill their promises to stand with the Prophet and fight, or for claiming that they had fought hard when they did not. In other words, for appearing to stand as one with the fighting forces when they in fact did not. 

How strong, exactly, is each interpretation, and where does this difference stem from? Are either of these translations more "correct" (for lack of a better term)? There is a related hadith of the prophet narrated through Abu Hurayrah: Simply believing that Allah exists isn't enough to be a believer. Even the polytheists during the time of the prophet believed that Allah existed, they just also believed that He was one of many gods. Christians believe that Allah exists, but they also believe that He has a son and is triune in nature. 

This perfection depending on its particular objects is inevitably communicated in religious scriptures with concepts of perfection that we humans normally use to refer to this-worldly instances of perfection and wholesomeness, such as virginity for women, despite the fact that there's a substantial difference between, for example, this-worldly virginity and next-worldly feminine perfection. This is in brief because next worldly manifestations of perfection are not natural things, but through association we tend to think of next worldly things accounted in scriptures as natural things that have been somehow stretched beyond their normal limits, and this way of thinking in combination with some common anti-religious or anti-Islamic prejudices (such as the assumption that those accounts result from salacious aspirations of a backward tribal society) result in the kind of knee-jerk interpretations that renders those accounts sound ridiculous, but these assumptions are far removed from the highly intellectual interpretations of Muslim traditional meta-physicians and mystics . 

There's nothing perverted about this. The problem with this analyst (and the likes) is that he compares paradise to our worldly perceptions and conditions within which heavenly possibilities indeed seem ridiculous and absurd. There are however profound philosophical explanations for heaven and hell thanks to the efforts by Muslim Philosophers such as Mulla Sadra. But the reason most Muslims and even scholars are not aware of these explanations is rooted in the historical distaste of mainstream/Sunni scholasticism for philosophical explanations of religious doctrines. However in countries like Iran, religious scholars who are well versed in Islamic metaphysical tradition provide persuasive answers to these questions.