You guys can't do that. You're both clearly hamstrung by fear of this person's reaction. Eff That. And here's some tuff love: Grow up. Own it. This is generally an age where you can have a reasonable conversation. They can remember to bring papers home from school (or daycare or even home-care). They can follow the basic "rules of the road" at school, can likely recite to you why they follow the rules and then tell you want will happen if they don't. In other words, they are familiar with consequences and I think a child this age is ready to link responsibility to those consequences. So when you say "Bring it." you're doing a couple things So What I'm hearing is this: the only time the ex is a parent is when the Significant Other acts, or doesnt, based on what he's afraid the ex might do. Bottom line: You have to change the atmosphere. Hard. Even if you don't do what I've outlined here, some kind of a dramatic change is needed and she's got to know, very clearly, those things that are unacceptable and that mommy (the ex) isn't going to save her from punishments at your house. Most people believe a sincere apology is enough. I believe firmly in restitution accompanying an apology whenever possible. Since nothing concrete was broken here, restitution is trickier. In the end, I think it comes down to modeling the behavior you want in your kids and learning of life lessons. Our kids are not our confessors, but if we transgress against them or in their sight, we do what we want them to do. In my case, that was a sincere apology, a promise to try to avoid that behavior in the future, and restitution when possible. Three Huge Mistakes We Make Leading Kids…and How to Correct Them How Not to Talk to Your Kids <- Read this article completely 7 Crippling Parenting Behaviors That Keep Children From Growing Into Leaders Unfortunately, the parents have played a role in this. In the self-esteem movement, Parents and schools determined every kid would feel special, regardless of what they did, which meant they began hearing remarks like: The thing is, we had all told him many times how much we disliked shark, both in private and together. We didn't need to eat cheaply so often. He was putting his own desire to save money (for what? We had much more than enough money) before our desires. By speaking up and drawing a boundary, I was saying, "We are important, too. You need to respect our feelings, too. And you're not doing that when you buy shark." We had toast and scrambled eggs. He had shark. Therapy gone wild Wilderness Therapy as a Treatment Modality for At-Risk Youth: A Primer for Mental Health Counselors I taught my kids not to complain in general about services done for us, and to be gracious. I've read some of the previous posts on corporal punishment. I'm honestly kind of looking for an intelligent discussion of the subject that avoids knee-jerk responses, so to speak. [1] Center for Early Education and Development: What’s the Difference Between Discipline and Punishment? 3. Express sincere regret for having caused the boy... (humiliation/embarrassment/etc. - all that apply.) Because @Becuzz's comment is so very good, I'm turning it into an answer. You have a rebellious 14 year old living in your house, and she is testing her limits everywhere. Several things come into my mind as I write this. The second is trickier. A personal example might be better. I have a hard time thinking this isn't abuse. If her kids argue too much, she puts hot pepper sauce on their tongues. They do use time-outs as well, and other measures - like taking away privileges. But her kids seem so well behaved. I've certainly not witnessed any paddle-worthy behavior. I like Ali's answer in the context of the 4yo. I'm a forceful parent. Sometimes I get concerned looks in public when I say things like "what the hell are you doing?" but it works for me because I'm a rather assertive person. And sometimes I've made assumptions and accusations that were wrong. But I apologize directly, just like I would expect of my kids, ("I'm sorry honey. I misunderstood) and we all move on. All taht being said, the above is what I think you should do. So What I'm hearing is this: the only time the ex is a parent is when the Significant Other acts, or doesnt, based on what he's afraid the ex might do. Bottom line: You have to change the atmosphere. Hard. Even if you don't do what I've outlined here, some kind of a dramatic change is needed and she's got to know, very clearly, those things that are unacceptable and that mommy (the ex) isn't going to save her from punishments at your house. Showing them that you have consequences for bad behavior is absolutely appropriate and reinforces why we set the limits on kids that we do. He is 13, and he's on a pretty seriously life-threatening course (I'm concerned especially with the alcohol abuse, the blackouts, the illegality of his behavior, the quality of his life, and the life-threatening aspect of alcohol abuse. The marijuana use is concerning as well; but the alcohol abuse - and their combined use - is truly alarming.) 4. Promise the behavior will not be repeated. I can't tell you what the right thing to do is. I can tell you what I would do, however. She has been through a lot. If you want to maintain a relationship with her, I would try to keep the peace. I would be as kind and loving as I could be for the rest of her stay. You only have two weeks to go. Before she leaves, maybe you can have a talk with her about the things you enjoyed with her, and also be honest about things that disappointed you, especially her attitude towards your (completely innocent) babies. If you believe it, express how you will enjoy seeing her grow into a lovely young woman. If it's true, tell her you love her when she is leaving (or before as well).