From an economic perspective, the lion's share (perhaps 90%+) of C corporations measured by revenues, income, assets, employees, or corporate taxes paid are publicly held companies that have to disclose their ownership structure in any case to a great extent under the securities laws (although disclosing the ownership structure of C-corporations that don't pay dividends isn't that important from a tax collection perspective because those corporations pay income tax at the entity level rather than the ownership level). 

Disclosure At The State Level In the U.S. system of federalism, the laws related to the formation and organization of business entities and trusts is governed primarily by state law, rather than federal law. (3) Social classes exist in the Roman Catholic hierarchy and Vatican City whose functional members are sworn to poverty, and all wealth is corporately owned by the church entity. 

(6) Social classes exist in every Communist regime that has ever been, with a first order distinction between party members and people who are not party members, and further distinctions on up the line. 

In any event, union membership has declined from its highs in the 1950s to a mere 11% nowadays - its lowest point since the 1930s. Regardless of whether you like them or not, there is at least a plausible case to be made that these laws serve as a healthy (or horrible depending on your prespective) check on union power. In "Union 1.0," once a workplace voted to organize, it effectively becomes a monopoly, requiring anyone who wishes to work at that facility subsidize the union. My wife, for example, as a teacher, can in many states, be required to financially support the NEA, even if they are promoting things that are exactly contrary to what she and I believe. Right to work does not compel such union subsidies, meaning that my wife would not, say, have to quit her job on principle. She could simply choose not to support the union. As such, the union has to not overreach, serving that useful check. Unions argue that this "free rider" problem is a huge blow to Union power. This was so much the case that when Michigan just recently passed such a law, near riots broke out. 

There were 3,613,000 entities taxed under subchapter K who had to report their partners to the IRS. It is really even more pervasive than that, because there are significant tax disincentives to create C-corporations except in cases of foreign ownership or publicly held companies, where C-corporations are the only permitted tax regime. For example, there are strong tax reasons for C-corporations not to own real estate, where the tax treatment of pass through entities who disclose their ownership to the IRS is much more favorable. 

Disclosure At The Federal Level Notably, this trend is not seen at the federal level, which regulates all entities for the limited purpose of tax law, and regulates disclosure requirements pertinent to publicly held companies and disclosure requirements for entities that file lawsuits in federal courts. (3) Social classes exist in the Roman Catholic hierarchy and Vatican City whose functional members are sworn to poverty, and all wealth is corporately owned by the church entity. 

Notably, in areas where "race to the bottom" approaches aren't available, such as in regulated industries like law firms, licensed real estate companies, companies with liquor licenses, and companies that participate in state regulated marijuana sales, state distaste for disclosure of beneficial ownership disappears and states routinely require full disclosure of an entity's owners (and sometimes their debt investors as well) in publicly available filings. The government is aware of this. In the past few months it has scrambled to resolve disputes with the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID); the Paris Club, an informal group of government creditors; and Repsol, a Spanish oil firm whose stake in YPF, the state oil firm, it expropriated in 2012. A default will undo this progress. 

Unions argue that this "free rider" problem is a huge blow to Union power. This was so much the case that when Michigan just recently passed such a law, near riots broke out. 

It undertook this hit willingly, in the hopes of joining the Euro and the EU. Come 1/1/14, it is scheduled to do so. Secondly, he forsaw the rise of the non-profit sector to take the place menial, automatable jobs. While I may not agree withe his prediction, the truth is that the "service" economy, of which the non-profit sector tends to be a part, is in fact where the bulk of new labor is growing. The comparative advantage in time of the unskilled lends itself to service, in that non-automatable tasks will always exist, and everyone has the same amount of time. Almost every major financial institution has a clause that says their disputes will be meditated and judged by the laws of the United States (e.g. New York) or the United Kingdom (e.g. London). While Argentina could try going to London, the actors are aware of each other, and nobody will want to lend to a country that doesn't abide by international norms. 

The fear now is that the need to print money to finance its deficits will further spur inflation, putting the exchange rate under renewed pressure. Add in the likely jolt to consumption from default, and the recession that the country entered earlier this year will only deepen. Abeceb.com, a consultancy, is predicting that Argentina will contract by 3.5% in 2014; if the country had avoided default the projection was of a milder tightening of 1.5%. 

In any event, union membership has declined from its highs in the 1950s to a mere 11% nowadays - its lowest point since the 1930s. Regardless of whether you like them or not, there is at least a plausible case to be made that these laws serve as a healthy (or horrible depending on your prespective) check on union power. This very question was at the heart of Jeremy Rifkin's The End of Work. Way back in the mid-90s, already, he was noticing that low-skilled work in particular was being mechanized to the point where large numbers of people would be without work. In "Union 1.0," once a workplace voted to organize, it effectively becomes a monopoly, requiring anyone who wishes to work at that facility subsidize the union. My wife, for example, as a teacher, can in many states, be required to financially support the NEA, even if they are promoting things that are exactly contrary to what she and I believe. Right to work does not compel such union subsidies, meaning that my wife would not, say, have to quit her job on principle. She could simply choose not to support the union. As such, the union has to not overreach, serving that useful check.