"Till lately I had supposed that Reynier had at least his left wing...in columns of battalions, but evidence put before me seems to prove that despite the fact the French narratives do not show it, the majority at least of Renyier's men were deployed". 

So no; by the best rules of engagement available at the time, the Prussians were quite entitled to treat the franc-tireurs as brigands. Their very resistance to authority and commissioning as formal troops that drove the French military command to distraction also disqualified them from consideration as partisans under the Lieber Code. In April 1809 Oudinot force-marched his entire 2nd Corps of (mostly) new recruits for 5 days to play a key role in the destruction of Charles's left wing under Hiller. Note that Davout had been stockpiling foodstuffs and other supplies around central Bavaria for 4-6 weeks before Charles invaded, so outrunning supplies was not an issue for Oudinot. Although Oudinot sustained greater then usual attrition from this march, it was more like 10% over the five days than 30. See the excellent descriptions of the early 1809 Campaign in Saski: Campagne de 1809 en Allegmagne et en Autriche and in Jack Gill: Thunder on the Danube Volume 1. Napoleon's Marshals and Generals de Division all wrote up such - see for example Saski: Campagne de 1809 en Allegmagne et en Autriche. 

And this is just to ensure that (and which, as Berthier was causing the marshals to perform much retrograde marching until Napoleon's arrival in Bavaria) orders were received and correctly implemented. 

When modern European metallurgy started to catch up with Japanese, modern fencing styles had begun developing as well, resulting in the shield being incorporated in the sword itself, as it's hilt. Only two large-scale battles between these two radically different types of cavalry occurred: Legnica and Mohi. Both of these battles resulted in extremely convincing Mongol victories, with the Mongols subsequently advancing at will across Poland, Bohemia, and the entire Danube Valley. Only the death of Ogedei Khan in December 1241, and the consequent requirement that Subedei's forces retire to support his claims at the kurultai, spared Europe from further ravishing. At a glance, the uniform "feels" more 1940's style to me than either "First World War" style or "post World War Two" style, but I am no expert. ... and Baculus - the chief centurion who was disabled from several wounds in the battle against the Nervii - came running to Galba ... and told him that their only hope of escape was to try their last resort, a sortie through the enemy lines. ... Update #2 - The Conquest of Gaul: In Chapter 5 (of my translation) Failure in the Alps (57 BC), 4th paragraph, Caesar writes: 

The suburb of Landshut is now again occupied by my extreme advance posts; at least, I have not any new report that they have been forced to retire. But tonight I will be forced to withdraw them, [as] the Marshal the Duke of Danzig seeing my intent withdraws them by Geisenfeld to Rain. I will therefore withdraw the picket this evening to Pfaffenhausen and the one which I have on the route between Kelheim and Landshut, to Rottenburg, from where I will observe to my left and right the movements of the enemy. Additionally, between the wars the importance of airpower in deciding naval battles was increasingly recognized as of importance. Older destroyers without the capability of mounting A_A guns, and other modern armament, were often retired rather than moth-balled as not worth the expense of the latter. It was the surprisingly effective role of airpower in sinking the Bismarck that finally convinced the sceptics on both sides that the North Atlantic would be a battle of submarines against ASW vessels, rather than of surface fleet raiders eluding chasers. 

This source provides a complete list of the RN's vessels in service in September 1939. It lists 113 Modern Destroyers, 68 Old Destroyers, and 54 Corvette Escorts (including 4 Australian and 2 Indian), for a total of 181 destroyers and 54 Escorts. An additional 24 Modern Destroyers were under construction. 

Update #3: It was less about the number of destroyers available in 1939-40, as the much greater effectiveness of the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine in sinking them than was anticpated. In one letter to Roosevelt inquiring after the destroyers, Churchill noted that in the preceding ten days the Royal navy had had 11 destroyers sunk in the English Channel, and then precedes to list them.