Working example: http://jsbin.com/udowo3 

So when dealing with an accessor that doesn't return a jQuery object, if you don't know for sure you're dealing with a set containing at least one element, you need more defensiveness, e.g.: 

For example: Live copy | source 

No, there's no jQuery (or CSS) selector that does that. 

Live example | Live source (The live links no longer work because of changes to JSBin) 

Let's look at jQuery's use of it first, then talk about it more generally in JavaScript (a bit). 

You don't know the elements will be there, but you don't care and just want to operate on them if they're there => no check 

You care whether the elements are there for some other reason => do the check 

Here's an example of code that fails the test because of the asynchronous call: 

If you're using chained syntax: 

You have a fundamental misunderstanding of what 

So basically, there are three scenarios: 

Or for that matter, give yourself a new tool: 

To the general point: jQuery is set-based. This means that operations on sets with no elements in them are no-ops. E.g.: 

When I say official API, I mean not hacking internals, going straight to Sizzle, adding a plug-in into the mix, etc. (If I end up having to do that, so be it, but that's not what this question is.) 

But your best bet, by far, is to hook up the event properly: 

Can someone please help me out here? 

but then the other functions setTimeouts go into a tizzy and they get called a million times in a row without paying attention to the time 

Here is a fiddle that shows a little of what I am trying to do: http://jsfiddle.net/maniator/K2B3q/ 

in FF and Internet Explorer the dialog box shws up in the center, but in chrome it ends up on the left side. 

What is the different in performance and the handling of these two different jQuery statements: 

Extra Info to recreate the page without the fiddle: 

In the end, isn't it the same? 

My code is located here: http://jsfiddle.net/maniator/qAWuA/ 

But it seems that it gets messed up at some points. 

Ok based on you comment on your question: 

Is there any difference if I do: 

I am trying to set it up so that when you drag the item, it only gets dropped to the div element which you can see, and is not covered up. 

I guys i'm using a datetimepicker by trentrichardson.com. 

I have these textfield and dropdown menu for a 'Facebook' like autosuggestion: 

p.s. the files both in local and remote are the same thanks Luca 

Anybody have had this issue before? 

I have a form with two input fields : from and to and i want to be able to set dynamically a minDate to my "to" field equal to the value of my "from" field. 

The problem arises whenever i change the "localhost" src-path (inside the body tag)for a remote one (absolute or relative same issue..the js script doesnt work) 

I know i should use a beforShow option but don't know how to implement the function. 

plus you're missing the "-" between "element" and "id": 

Your problem is that you didnt' close your php statement: 

I'm using datetimepicker by trentrichardson.com and edited to give a green color to few days' cell at my choice with this css (through the beforeShowDay) :