Whether the two forms can co-exist remains to be seen. On the one hand, several players have demonstrated that it is possible to perform well in both forms, introducing T20 versatility into their Test game. On the other hand, some are concerned that young players' focus on T20 hurts their development of the qualities, such as watchfulness, needed for Test cricket. 

Therefore, why are fielding sides often so keen to have the ball changed for another ball of comparable wear? 

A maiden over, in short, is an over containing neither any runs off the bat nor any bowling extras (wides and no-balls). 

While the techniques of badminton are unlikely to be directly transferable to cricket, nevertheless virtually any sport that improves hand-eye coordination will have a positive impact on one's cricket, particularly one's batting and fielding. The great English batsman Colin Cowdrey reputedly used to warm up for batting by playing the game of rackets. The young Don Bradman hit a golf ball against a wall with a stick. All such exercise is beneficial. 

There is no requirement to have 11 fielders on the field at all times. Law 1 (The players) makes provision for the number of players per team to be varied by agreement of the captains: 

The ICC's position 1) DRS improves accuracy Dave Richardson pointed out in February 2012: 

The weight of the bat must also be carefully considered [...] children over the age of seven fare best with bats that weigh no more than a kilogram. A good yardstick is to ask the child to lift the bat in his non-dominant hand (i.e., his left hand if he is right-handed), and to hold it out horizontally with his shoulder for one minute. If he can do this without strain or difficulty, the weight is correct. 

Good question. A common mistake is to select a bat that is too big for a young player. The temptation may be to buy a large bat for the player to "grow into", to save money as much as anything else, but it's definitely not a good idea. The bat should feel comfortable to and manoeuvrable by the player. 

Occasionally, the fielding side requests (sometimes repeatedly) of the umpires that the ball they are using be changed. This is not the request for a new ball regularly available under Laws 5.3 and 5.4, but a claim that the ball has become unfit for play under Law 5.5. 

The BCCI's position The BCCI's opposition to the Decision Review System has been linked to three main factors. 

Innings - Each team has two innings in a Test match, of indeterminate length. T20 cricket has one innings per team of 20 overs. Style and requirements - As a consequence of the above factors, the way players approach the game is considerably different in the two forms. 

Catches, runs, and boundaries are all possible if the ball touches the bat at any point, regardless of what else the ball may go on to touch. Furthermore, if the ball hits the pad before the bat, an LBW dismissal may also be possible. 

There is no Law of Cricket that specifically requires the use of shoes. (I am reminded of Mark Jefferson's fictional West Indian cricketer Hurricane Hamish, who found it impossible to bowl in shoes!) 

However, it has to be said that if playing with a cricket ball, it would be extremely unwise not to wear shoes - even a relatively slow delivery could cause serious damage to one's feet. It would also reduce one's effectiveness as a fielder, since one would not be able to use them to stop even moderately-struck shots. 

In Test cricket, players have to be fit enough to spend many hours playing, and batsmen have to be prepared to bat with patience for hours. Bowlers can attack more freely and have greater scope for setting fielders where they wish. In T20 cricket, bowlers have to almost always bowl more defensively, as not conceding runs is more important than taking wickets. Batsmen can be more aggressive from the start, and boundaries are more frequent. Fielders are restricted as to where they may be placed on the field. 

If the Dravid incident you mention simply involved the batsman protecting his wicket before a fielder touched the ball, there is no problem here as the batsman is explicitly permitted to do so under Law 34 (Hit the ball twice), provided it is "for the sole purpose of guarding his wicket", and, as stated, a fielder has not yet touched the ball. 

Only if the ball does not touch the batsman's person may Byes be scored (Law 26.1), and only if it touches the batsman's person but not bat may Leg byes be scored (Law 26.2) (an oversimplification, but sufficient for the purposes of this answer). 

If anything, I would expect a player of racket sports to be more immediately comfortable with square-bat shots (the cut and the pull), and to require more training in straight-bat shots (particularly the drives). 

1) The technology is not 100% accurate BCCI president N Srinivasan said in December 2012: 

3) The cost is justified Richardson stated: 

Wides and no-balls are known as bowling extras and are counted against the bowler (think of the bowler being at fault for them), and therefore an over that includes any bowling extras cannot be a maiden over. 

Byes and leg-byes are, by contrast, known as fielding extras (think of the fielders being at fault - the wicketkeeper failing to take the ball, for instance) and do not count against the bowler, so a maiden over may include byes and leg-byes. 

Law 37 (Obstructing the field) does not give an exhaustive list of every reason a batsman might be given out in this fashion, and with good reason, as it would not be possible to specify all possibilities. It is up to the umpires "to decide whether any obstruction or distraction is wilful or not" (Law 37.2).