To wonder why Luke may have reversed the potential chronological order of Matthew's account we can only make an educated guess. The 'education' part in a good guess is that we do know that Luke was thinking more of a Gentile audience whereas Matthew was minding a Jewish audience. This is often the only handle we have to try and see why one goes in a certain direction and the other not. Having clarified what God's anger is in the bible as clearly understood by any who read it, the question becomes wether or not God's punishment of sin as described by the word 'anger' is an accommodation or not, beyond the normal sense in which everything in scripture to a degree must be an accommodation to humans as it is written in human language. In other words is God's anger an accommodation more so then say for example, God's patience or God's eternal councils? The obvious argument is not directly from the text, nor is there to be expected a direct argument, but from the omission on can see the underlying assumption. Nowhere in the OT doe we see in any book an argument that it is ‘scripture’ the nature of the book assumes it. In this instance we see the obvious assumption. In other words, Peter says that people twist Paul’s writings, in the same way that they twist scripture. Peter does not logically equate the two because he has no need to do that. He is not talking about canonicity. He is talking about twisting spiritual truths. Therefore, as twisting Pauls’ letter or scripture is equivalent, Peter simply draws attention to it. It would be grossly irresponsible of Peter not to add a caution saying: 'I do not mean to say that Paul's writings are equal with scripture' -- if Peter actually did not assume the writings of an Apostle were less than that of a Prophet. Such an assumption would be bizarre and unexpected. First, within a generation of His ascension, Rome would invade Jerusalem, and the second temple ("Herod's temple) in Jerusalem would be destroyed. Jesus prophesied about this earlier in Matthew 24:2. The huge stones of the temple that were "torn down" in such a way that not one would be left standing on the other are still visible today in Jerusalem. God is not honored, I believe, when his children handle his word haphazardly. We may not start out as "master craftsmen" or "craftswomen," but over time God expects us, through diligent and systematic study, to master his word, the way a master craftsman masters his tools in making something of which he and a customer can be proud. I would simply add to Mawia's anwer that the expression "the air" is a way of identifying the evil, sentient beings in the spiritual realm; namely, Satan and his minions, or demons. Baptismal regeneration (BR) has been a "hot topic" among Christian denominations for hundreds of years. The following quotation, taken from gotquestions.org, provides a good summary of what BR is: In the so-called "personality-purpose approach" to the image of God in man, the three key attributes or aspects of God in man are The New American Standard Bible Updated Edition seems to assume that Isaiah 48:16 is speaking of the Triune God, in that the words Me and Spirit are capitalized. Not so the NET Bible, however, which does not capitalize either word. Within the Godhead, the elements of intellect, emotion, and will reside eternally and to an infinite degree. That is why I prefaced my answer to your question as I did (viz., "It's a matter of degrees"). Very sobering words, indeed, for believers and unbelievers alike. Sinful, earthly pleasures are but for a season, but at God's right hand in heaven, there are joy and pleasure forevermore (Psalm 16:11). In other words, a little pain now will yield eternal rewards. Our rejection of pain now will yield eternal regret in hell. The choice is ours to make. I suspect that behind your question is a concern for how in the process of interpreting Scripture are we to distinguish the concrete from the abstract, the literal from the figurative, the "spiritual" from the physical. Going "too far" (however that may be judged) in one direction or the other can do violence to any given text. Since the authors of Scripture recognized and built upon the way in which words can function literally and figuratively, for an interpreter of Scripture to make virtually everything (slight exaggeration) spiritual, is a major exegetical and hermeneutical error. On the other hand, for an interpreter to err on the side of the physical and the concrete is also unwise. “Give us this day our daily bread” (Matthew 6:11). In our unrelenting self-reliance, who ever says the Our Father prayer anymore, except by rote memory in some churches? Who has developed the sense that God has taken it upon himself to care for those who are trusting in him as little children? To be dependent on God is a product of God’s work in the believer. It is not natural to us. This is a narrow way and it leads to life. The narrow way is God’s way influencing our thoughts and actions. Jesus spoke these words as part of a sermon spoken on a mountain to the people. The context of the sermon answers the question of the narrow way’s identity. The sermon is about the character of the kingdom of God in a believer’s life. The narrow way is the kingdom of God, as distinct from the established religion the people were familiar with. Let’s look at several examples taken from the Sermon on the Mount, one from each of the three chapters. What is the proper use of money in this passage? In v8, we are told that the non-Christians are often more shrewd in using their goods to further their interests, while Christians are less so. So how can Christians use their money and goods to gain the best results for themselves? If we believe that God gave us our money, what's the best way to further God's ends? How can we spend our goods and money for the growth of God's kingdom?