For stuff that isn't fun-poking, it should be part of the question if it's going to last. There are some exceptions like "Buyer beware - this answer will produce code that works, but it's dangerous" as a compromise to a disagreement that didn't reach editorial consensus. These, however, are rare enough that they can be treated as exceptions. 

Just try not to feel the need, or at least resist the urge to jab the author of the question for asking a poor question. Remember, leaving a comment to help a new user is supposed to be just that - help, not a whitewashed way to show your dislike for the question that they asked. Lasting information belongs in answers, and we're not going to relax that, we simply can't. Part of our appeal is our extremely high signal to noise ratio, and we can't lose that. 

If you don't have the time, inclination or patience to help the person, then avoid commenting altogether. As Yannis points out, this doesn't say anything bad about you. Just use your flags and votes and contribute positively on other questions. If this sort of thing is too complex to introduce, then we really should find something similar that isn't - I don't want to put additional load on our machine or human resources to deal with comments as a matter of principle - they're just not that important in the grand scheme of things. If you're posting that much code in an attempt to get clarification, you probably feel like you've figured out what the OP wants. 

Most people would just start screaming at the wall, or, worse, each other. 

Comments are intended to be short ephemeral conversations that discuss the points of a parent post. They should not, under most circumstances, become lasting beacons alerting people to possible problems with the content of the parent post - because that would mean that the change was never made. That's an unsettled discussion lingering under an answer with no consensus - that's not useful. 

If you find stuff on Stack Overflow valuable, it's probably because you value your time and we saved a bunch of it for you :) If you're so inclined, give a little back by helping to keep the place clean, as you see convenient opportunities to do so. 

Edit the question to fix anything that you can. It's rare that missing information is the only thing wrong with a question. Show the user through action that we take ownership as a community in all of the content that we curate. 

The amount of belly-aching this would cause alone makes it a very expensive thing to implement. People get very attached to even their most tiny creations. In the case of comments on an extremely high signal-to-noise platform, those creations are unfortunately not likely to last very long. I see your point about how this could help to teach in a just-in-time way, but I'm pretty confident that would be in an underwhelming minority of cases. If the answer to that is yes, then: 

I like the idea, but I'm not sure of adding a feature when one that we have could suffice. How about just a post notice that says: 

I usually flag them, they aren't appropriate at all. The more questions we have, the more traffic we get. If the question is on topic and does not duplicate another, it should be welcomed. 

As far as moderation goes, a post either is or is not an answer. If it is not an answer, it will be removed. Note, it doesn't have to be correct, it just has to be something that doesn't raise more questions than it addresses. 

One of the reasons for those restrictions is that, differently, comments could be used from spammers. This is because: 

In my experience, most of the comments are still valid after the post they are referring has been edited, and clearing them would be the wrong action. I would not want a question be bumped on the front page every time a new comment is added. I also tried with the first comment on this very question: I clicked the arrow to vote it, and without to wait 5 seconds, I clicked the arrow again. The result is the following one: 

On my iPod running iOS 5, I have been able to select the text from a comment, but it depends for which question I try. For example, if I try selecting one of the comments of this very question, when I tap the comment, the background changes color for the time of the tapping, it changes back, but nothing happens. Trying with a different question with more comments, I have been able to select the content of a comment, event if it is not predictable when it happens, and how. 

The votes, including mine, were two; where is now the other vote? 

Take a close look at those forum environments. On reflection, have you found any of them really useful to you at all? Can you count on the fingers of one hand the times when posting to a forum really gave you a timely, meaningful answer to your problem? 

As always, if there is useful information in the comments, it should generally be incorporated into the post. Don't make people sift through mounds of comments to find the nuggets of gold; put those nuggets into your question or answer. So do yourself a favor: stay on topic with your comments, and they will generally stay around until the next ice age (or when the server drives crash, whichever happens first). 

When people first come to the site, this is what we want to teach them first: how to post good answers. We requires 50 reputation to post comments on other people's posts. By that time, it is assumed that you have gained some familiarity with the system and its etiquette.