I think not. Christ still had his wounds. But they were badges of glory, not suffering and sadness. I think everything—in the body, in the soul, and in the person's world—that was offered to God and taken up into the eternal kingdom will be preserved and transformed and glorified in Heaven: but everything that was not—everything that was not the work of God or of the sanctified soul but was of the world, the flesh, or the devil—will be left outside Heaven's gate. The martyrs' wounds will glow like gold, but the amputee's limb will be restored, and so will the brain-damaged person's intelligence. God's justice and mercy are perfect, and so is his style. 

Bottom line: Heaven is gonna be pretty great, but no one knows exactly how except that we shall see God. 

Regardless of the source of that last quote, there's a wealth of other similar Luther quotes. See footnotes 101 and 103 on page 246 of The Theology of Martin Luther by Paul Althaus for a few more examples. I don't wish to sound flippant but you don't convert anyone. God does. Having said that, our responsibility is: 

Then we can explain the theology, if people want to know. It comes down to this: God is perfect (Deuteronomy 32:4, Matthew 5:48). That's His standard and His requirement to be with Him forever. No human however is perfect (Romans 3:23). Jesus is God become man (John 1:14). Therefore, He is a (and the only) perfect human. Jesus offers to swap His righteousness for our sins (2 Corinthians 5:21). This is possible because He sacrificed Himself for us on the cross (Philippians 2:8). Therefore we can immediately, on turning to Jesus, been declared perfect (forgiven) in the eyes of God (Acts 10:43). As one of my friends once said, summarising the whole Gospel in seven words, "We don't reach Him, He reaches us." 

It should be noted that this is rather a "standalone" passage, in that there is nothing similar in Scripture, so it is unwise to base a doctrine on it. However, you could read into this: Jesus didn't, because the word "Christian" only appeared much later. Acts 11:26c: 

The only passage I am aware of is 1 Peter 3:18-20a: We who are Jews by birth and not ‘Gentile sinners’ know that a man is not justified by observing the law, but by faith in Jesus Christ. So we, too, have put our faith in Christ Jesus that we may be justified by faith in Christ and not by observing the law, because by observing the law no one will be justified. 

Who were Jesus' "sheep"? In Jesus' original context, He was talking with people who had not yet embraced Him about those who had already (at that time) embraced Him. Modern Christians often assume Jesus was referring to us, or to the "elect", but that is eisogesis, not exegesis. 

Jesus is clearly trying to make a point by drawing a contrast between "good trees" and "bad trees". He is talking to a very confused group of people (the Pharisees) who think that being "religious" is the same as being "good". Jesus, once again, is trying to explain that they are not "good". This time he is pointing out the wicked things that are coming out of their mouths, and indicating that they will be judged for every last one of them. (Consider the context of the passage - blaspheming the Spirit.) Of course the answer will depend on which Christian tradition the answerer comes from, but since you requested passages from Scripture on the matter, here are a few to consider: