To give one such example relating to King Baudouin of Belgium: Although this power appears ceremonial, and in the vast majority of cases the Queen (or equivalent) does indeed grant assent when requested to do so, the power is real. This is demonstrated on the rare occasion when assent has been refused. How would Labour enforce this? Because being in a coalition is mutually beneficial. In exchange for party X giving Labour their votes, Labour promise to implement some of party X's policies (and maybe refrain from implementing some of Labour's policies that party X don't like). As with Royal Assent, this is largely a formality. However, recently revealed documents show that the Queen did in fact refuse consent on a Private Members Bill in 1999, as well as on a few other instances prior to that. UPDATE: Having researched this answer by using the aforementioned index of bills, it turns out that there is an easier way: the Act's entry on legislation.gov.uk already has a complete list (albeit without links)! It reveals that the bill's passage through Parliament looked like this: Because to do so would cause a constitutional crisis. As the Wikipedia article on the subject lists, previous such crises have more typically been caused by the head of state acting against the advice of the government on matters such as dissolving Parliament, or dismissing or appointing Prime Ministers. (Therein incidentally lies the strongest case against the EU: Its institutions are ultimately controlled by broadly democratic governments but, even with the EU parliament in the mix, the process is removed from the voters through several layers of decision-making – the UK parliament elects a government whose prime minister seats in a council which names a commission which prepares legislation with another council made of governments' representatives… – and once something is decided, it's very difficult to roll back, which is not ideal for a democracy. There is no one election that could prompt a change of direction.) The key insight in all this is that a government is not like a household. If you reduces spending (say stop going to the restaurant), this has no effect on the economy so you are still earning the same income and you will have more money available, e.g. to pay your debts. So as long as everyone else is still spending and your job is not at risk, cutting on expenses is a good way to increase your savings. Although this power appears ceremonial, and in the vast majority of cases the Queen (or equivalent) does indeed grant assent when requested to do so, the power is real. This is demonstrated on the rare occasion when assent has been refused. To give one such example relating to King Baudouin of Belgium: It reveals that the bill's passage through Parliament looked like this: Much of what happens in Parliament doesn't go to a vote, and doesn't change anything on paper. Its function is to ensure that all points of view are heard, and to force the government to justify everything it does. The Article 50 debates are prime examples of this. UPDATE: Having researched this answer by using the aforementioned index of bills, it turns out that there is an easier way: the Act's entry on legislation.gov.uk already has a complete list (albeit without links)! And finally, some councils are elected all at once, with a single election for all seats every four years. As with Royal Assent, this is largely a formality. However, recently revealed documents show that the Queen did in fact refuse consent on a Private Members Bill in 1999, as well as on a few other instances prior to that. See also this essay by Paul Krugman and this short note by Simon Wren-Lewis (both have been writing a lot on all this over the years). Furthermore, the governments of all EU member states (represented in the Council of the European Union) gave the EU Commission a mandate to negotiate the TTIP in the first place and have to agree to the outcome of the negotiation before anything happens. National politicians sometimes use the EU's role in this to distance themselves from the process but it is certainly not something happening without their consent (and that's especially true of the biggest countries) and the UK could easily block the TTIP if it wanted to. Even within this ad-hoc framework, it's difficult to see how the EU could weaken one of the cornerstones of the single market without endangering the whole thing. Or how an agreement like that could secure the consent of all member states. But even within these limits, being held by the police does still undeniably impinge on your fundamental rights, first and foremost the right to come and go as you wish, even though you have not been found guilty of a crime. To the extent that giving this power to the police is deemed appropriate, preventing someone from voting does not seem especially problematic.