This could also encourage people who might not have 20k+ reputation to run next year and hang in until the final election even if the primary results seemed gloomy. Would it be too much work to allow for multiple locations for the globe hopping minority, or should we just list the location that is our claim to citizenship? I thought about just updating my profile as my location changes, but I don't want to accidentally exclude myself from something that someone else is organizing based on a query. All in all, it would cut down on negative experiences, while giving the 'janitors' a fighting chance. Keep using the reason exactly as you have been. Just don't try to point the spam guns at people that have no real issues other than quality problems or voting a bit too much for their friends. 

They've gotten exponentially bigger, and better. Many that you see actually posting have replaced machines with humans that aren't otherwise able to market their skills, or want on-the-job training to learn them. Jeff put it best, it's industrial. We're keeping a lot of it out, but I'm uncomfortable with how we're positioned. 

A question asked in all caps is either: You then posted your series of self answered questions. These were rather awesome, and you did all of us a favor by sharing what you learned so future visitors don't have to work so hard to find the information. As you noted, you're working with newer emerging technologies, which means these did not get a lot of attention. Thus, you didn't receive some positive votes that would have been well earned, which would have put you much farther away from the ban. Meanwhile, a down vote or two put you back under it. We're going to aim to fix that, as a whole, which should solve the issue of those needing them not being able to use them altogether. 

While making my moderator 'rounds' today, I found over 300 flags. Granted, that is a bit unusual for many, but I'm the only one in my particular time zone (GMT +8). The other option, getting a list of exit nodes that have accessed our LBs, well - that means we have to see them before we stop them, which .. is basically what we have now. Final edit: I do realize that this system is undergoing changes, in fact many and is coupled with the moderator tools. Please treat this as a 'wish' for when things settle down, if needed :) 

Note, I did say all lowercase and new users often don't apply correct formatting. Plus, we have a mobile site. I'm not saying it's a bad idea, I just don't know how I feel about it yet. 

This is not an easy problem to solve, but blocking Tor users would be the last resort I'd like to consider. There's a few things still in the pipe that haven't been implemented yet in the spam layer, I'd like to get those in before we do anything too drastic. 

Yes, we do have other ways to collaborate such as posting chunks of text in moderator only chat rooms; however this is extremely clunky, lacks formatting and isn't very practical. There's also Google documents which allow for more real time collaboration - which moderators should use if they need something more elaborate than utilizing simple drafts. At least for now. And, whatever is doing this is freaking huge, I've been battling it for a few weeks now, and quite sick of it along with everyone else. I just don't want to start taking flailing, wild stabs at simple pattern matching that aren't going to ultimately get us anything - I'd rather our next move be closer to end-game. The invalidation process itself is often jarring for users, especially new users. I don't think we do a good enough job in the UI / system itself teaching them why the votes were invalidated. The canned message is a good start, but not enough 

I think that nominees that positively participate in the election process should be awarded a badge for their effort. I suggest the following: I propose that we do the following: 

My hope is, we can service flags according to urgency as well as accuracy, which might help cut down on flags in general. I designed the anti-spam / anti-abuse layer that's been keeping most of this crap out for the last couple of years, and it was designed with 'snow shoe' spammers in mind. I've spent a considerable amount of time looking into this, and I have made some changes network wide. I can't go into too many specifics, but here's the gist of it: I'd like to suggest refining the flagging system a bit. While I can't say it's been a majority, I noticed that quite a number of users who have sufficient reputation to vote to close or migrate a question are flagging as such without voting to close.