The cycle before that, the DC elector refused to vote, in protest to DC having no congressional representation. 

For the US states, generally borders tended to get set up while the areas were still territories (mostly uninhabited by American Citizens), so cultural communication/travel barriers weren't as much of a consideration. Additionally, there was a feeling in the US Congress that all new US states should be roughly the same size, which led to a lot of territories having relatively arbitrary lines drawn through them to make properly-sized states. Slavery also ended up having a hand in a surprising number of state border placements (for example, its almost solely responsible for Oklahoma's weird "pot" shape, made up of mostly straight lines.) 

The only election I can find where a faithless elector voted for the POTUS candidate from the other major party was in 1796, where Samuel Miles (our very first faithless elector) pledged to support the Federalist, but voted for the Democratic Republican (Jefferson) instead. 

1 - Yes, there's a tiny straight bit on the northern border of Vermont too 

Note that in the USA, the people responsible for the President's security are The Secret Service. They are not military. 

Fairly simply, the Federalists had a majority in both houses of Congress at the time, and held the Presidency. So they had the power to do it. 

He was a Marxist during the Cold War in a French-dominated area. He ticked off the landowners by taking their land and mineral rights with no compensation. He ticked off the traditional tribal elders by usurping their power, outlawing a lot of their prerogatives, and pushing quite a lot of radical social change. He ticked off the civil servants by forcing them to take pay cuts, make arbitrary payments to his pet projects, and even to dress in specific ways. He banned unions. He banned any Free Press. His regime indulged in extra-judicial executions and torture. All this behavior made neighboring countries very nervous, resulting in at least one (possibly inadvertent) war. So basically, he ticked off everyone with any power in the region, and arranged things internally so that no non-violent expression against what he was doing was possible. For those who were dissatisfied, that left violence as their only option. 

Then, in the very first administration, Washington's treasury secretary Alexander Hamilton introduced a sweeping economic program involving creating a powerful national bank, assuming the previous government's debt, and imposing tariffs to both pay that debt and promote local industry. That may not seem radical to modern eyes, but to the people who were still very wary of a strong central government, that government immediately assuming all that power was alarming. 

I understand that usually it is the Speaker (or in the senate the Majority Leader) who casts this vote against, but if he wasn't there at the time (as your note implies), it makes sense that some other supporter would step up and do it. 

As you mention, the Naturalization Act of 1790 did attempt to define the term "natural born Citizen". That act was replaced by the Naturalization Act of 1795, which did not include this language (which was itself replaced in 1798, which ended up just being repealed). So at the moment this term is not legally defined. However, courts do seem fairly happy with the 1790 definition. Of course, by this definition, it didn't really matter where Obama was born. His mom was a US citizen, so he is. 

It wasn't that they were against private property because they thought it was sinful, but rather that they thought it was sinful because they were against it*. 

They were suffering withering attacks from Jefferson and Madison's newly organized Democratic-Republican Party, which had just run its first presidential campaign in the previous cycle, and had developed its own network of newspapers pumping out anti-administration editorials. So the Fedralists would have felt a bit besieged, which gives you part of their motivation. Fear has a nasty habit of making good people abandon their principles. 

After WWII, (and to a lesser extent between the wars), it had a great deal to do with the decolonization process in Asia, Africa, and India. 

I think it would be more comprehensive (and perhaps accurate) to say the more successful former colonies are mostly populated by direct descendents of the colonizers, rather than the indigenous population at the time of colonization. 

It actually happens fairly often. The last was in 2004, where a Minnesota elector (who would not own up to it) voted for Edwards (the VP candidate) instead of John Kerry. The assumption has been that this was done out of incompetence rather than malice. 

You essentially have it correct. The Constitution says: 

Originally (post-Louisiana Purchase), the USA claimed the entire Mississippi(/Missouri) watershed, while Britain claimed the Hudson Bay watershed. However defining an exact watershed was no simple matter, particularly when native nations controlled most of the headwater areas. 

So I guess my answer is the old Facebook cop-out: It's complicated. 

In theory, yes that would cover any religion. In practice, not just no but hell no. 

As for the Supreme Court, there was in fact a longstanding principle of Judicial Review in both English Law and in the various states. So even though SCOTUS had never yet invoked it, they could have if they'd wanted to. However, the entire court had been appointed by Federalists as well, so from a political standpoint there would have been no motivation to do so. The first SCOTUS strike-down of a law had to wait until these Federalist judges came up against a Democratic-Republican Congress. 

However, as the population grew, that problem went away, and land in the commons started to become really valuable. As a result, landowners started using the Enclosure process to take their land out of the commons and reserve it for their own exclusive use. While personally lucrative, this turned all the former tenants into the era's equivalent of homeless migrant laborers. As you can imagine, these people were not pleased with their change in status. There were also way more of them than there were landowners, so this led to a lot of social unrest.