EDIT: And to push the revenge trope even further the very new "Blue Ruin" presents a man getting revenge with the entire hook being that he is the least likely candidate for vengeful retribution you could probably think of. At one point someone tells him he's "weak" and he doesn't reply at all, just stands there looking mopey. This either signals the guy is not very self-aware (because he goes through a hell of a lot in the course of the movie), or that he can't deal with verbal confrontation, or that he is, at some level, deceptive in the way he presents himself. All of these are flaws and the movie seeks to make the protagonist complex and problematic in order to deepen what is, like the former examples, a fairly bland revenge narrative. 

In the Jason Statham thriller Hummingbird the character study angle of a fairly thin revenge plot is extrapolated to the point where the genre of the thriller becomes de-focused. The movie is more interested in putting together the character of a man who would exact revenge for the death of someone close to them in the manner he chooses to do so rather than concentrating on the mechanics of the act itself. 

People have flaws. If a character is portrayed as flawless then that character comes off as having somewhat less substance than otherwise. 

The abduction or murder of a relative is not a character, it is an event. The character comes through in the way the protagonist reacts to the event. In "Taken" Liam Neeson's character is pretty bullet proof during the main part of the action but the film takes care to acknowledge (at least in passing) that Neeson's character is, in normal reality, deeply dysfunctional. I have to agree that you might want to seek a second opinion with this one. A hoodie doesn't designate sneaking around. Just because, as Nzall showed in their answer, that Assasin's Creed uses it as such. Sneaking is designated by posture more so than anything with clothing. In a comedy, sneaking is usually done where they are on their tip-toes, doing some silly antics. 

"she sneaked a glance at her watch" If you are looking to make them stand out, give each one of them a quirk. Maybe 1 of your characters doesn't take the adventure as seriously and is the "comedy relief". He would be memorable for his quick 1 liners at the right time. Maybe the other guy does a feat during the peak of the story which pulls on the emotional strings. 

synonyms: steal, take furtively, take surreptitiously; informalsnatch "he sneaked a doughnut" 

Think about some of the adventure stories, The Hobit, Lord of the Rings, Redwall, Game of Thrones. What makes characters stand out to you? Especially in a story like GoT where there are so many characters, what makes one stand out over another? Most of the time the bottom line of this is emotional appeal. That is how well someone can relate to that character either positively or negatively. We hated Joffrey because he reminded us of the spoiled little brat that lived down the street from us as a kid. We love Daenerys because she has a strong, motherly vibe to her and she's awesome. Get creative, think of the goal or objective of the story and then think about all the things that could prevent the MC from achieving that goal. These conflicts can still easily fit into your "no fighting" mentality. You just have to approach from a different definition of conflict. 

synonyms: creep, slink, steal, slip, slide, sidle, edge, move furtively, tiptoe, pussyfoot, pad, prowl If you don't have a goal for your character... maybe you have made them too perfect? A common theme to help provide character goals is to demonstrate character growth. Give them a couple flaws. Say that she is an elf and a really good magic user, but no one gives her a chance because she is female and she is not assertive enough to challenge people that tell her to go away. In the end, the goal of the MC is usually the punch line of your story. It's the lesson learned or will have to be learned in order to achieve the goal. There may be many side goals or side plots that helps build the main goal, but ultimately, your character is trying to strive to achieve something. World fame? Is there an evil person in your story that is trying to do harm? What does the opposition look like? What is it that they are trying to do to hinder your main character? If you don't have an antagonist, maybe developing an antagonist's character will help you realize the goal of the MC.