Here's how a proof could proceed. We have a meaning postulate, a convention that states that: 

                                                                             §1 

The truth of CH is a semantical matter and has no business in independence proofs. CH may be believed to be true by experts, for reasons I cannot hope to understand. Some might even believe that it has to be true, but whether CH is true or not, the important result here is that: if ZF is consistent, it is compatible both with CH and with its negation. 

because while "¬(¬p ∧ ¬p′)" belongs to Lo, "(p + p′)" is not part of the object language, which is defined explicitly by (Definition 1) as the smallest set containing 'p' and closed under 'tallying', negation and conjunction. But '∨' is available as a symbol to us at the meta level, so following Teller's convention about using boldface letters for metavariables, we could express (2)* correctly as follows: 

The point of corner quotes here was to replace the metalinguistic A with the expression "snow is white", which unlike A is also found in the object language. Once the replacement is done, the corner quotes are replaced with ordinary quotation marks, and from there the usual Tarskian definition does its magic. 

Informally, this means that n-ary relation is a set of n-tuples of elements selected from a bunch of sets. A special type of relation used often in introductory logic courses is that of the predicate, which is simply a 1-ary or unary relation over the domain of individuals. In single-sorted logics such as classical first-order logic, the domain of individuals is some set D, so we have a simpler definition of relations: 

2) ∃x(Dx ∧ ∀y(Dy → x=y)) There is a dog and every dog is identical to it. 

First, there is Frege's concept horse problem. It has been a topic of much discussion and there is no one way of explaining exactly what the problem is. If I could summarize in a few sentences, I'd start by saying that Frege is committed to the idea that: