I wouldn't call it a bold hypothesis; its been generally affirmed through out history despite suffering that being human means, and of humanity in general. 

Judgements bring the concepts of the understanding and the objects of the intuition together. A judgement brings unity to several concepts & objects synthesised together: When I look at at the letter 'T' I can see that it is made of two straight lines but my judgement renders it as a unity as the letter 'T' - here I do not see its parts. 

The second statement, is simply a restatement of the first: such capacity must refer to the capacity of reason, which is rational - by the usual understanding of what reason and reasoning means; and by stating that it is universal we come back to the first statement. 

Spinoza for example said that God was the only Substance with an infinite number of modes - one being mental the other extension. This reconciles Descartes dualism, and asserts that existence of the mental & extension is contingent - that is on God. This has many parallels with Occasionalism a doctrine of the Ash'arite school of Islamic Philosophy/Theology, particularly developed by Al-Ghazali. 

Third, he showed that the self was not unitary, that we, when we look into ourselves are a bundle of sensations. Thus empirical psychology isn't possible. 

The SEP entry on the Kants Moral Theory despite the title exclusively concentrates on the Groundwork; and is very clear, particularly on the various formulations of CI, and unravelling it in terms of Perfect and Imperfect duties in a five step 'decision procedure' 

A similar note is struck by Yeats, in his first political poem, Easter 1916 which marked the Easter Rebellion of Irish nationalism - which was put down within a week with many of its leaders executed: 

IN FACT, even in traditional model theory this act of interpretation still occurs outside of the model-theoretic framework elaborated above. That is phrasing the debate in first order logic or model theory is a red herring. It adds nothing essential to the debate. Mathematical logic and model theory are interesting for altogether different reasons. 

stronger existence. For beauty is nothing but 

It is starting from here that one begins to think about attributes - that is predicates, and existence. Is a substance defined by all of its attributes? Is there a bare substance devoid of any attributes? Etc. There is a long development that then goes through both Western Philosophy/Christian Theology. 

I had understood 'transcendental' to be religiously inspired terminology and in fact exclusively so, so it came as a surprise to me that it had a philosophical side to it - as a term it was introduced into philosophy by Kant. 

Existentialism was one of the first fruit of this break - Sartre being its most prominent exponent; and also defending it from the charge that this philosophy would only, on the whole, lead to nihilism. 

Kant tackled these criticisms and thus made empiricism possible again on all three fronts. His method was that mind was always complicit in our understanding of nature, and this not only for science, say when I look at a leaf under a microscope, or even consciously when I just look about my room and nor at the preconscious intuitive level that Freud theorised about; it is at a level so deep within us that they are neccessary for us even to have that thing called experience. 

Was transcendental used prior to Kant to denote the divine realm, that beyond the human etc or did this religious meaning of the word develop after Kants adoption, in which case was it actually a neologism of Kants?