What ontological commitments are really there? Edit Note that my confusion is not caused by using Bayesian probabilities in general, but by the procedure to subsume many different Bayesian probabilies for different facts into a single Bayesian probability for a "stronger" fact. So I'm OK that we can postulate Bayesian probabilities for facts like that N=NP would be very surprising, or that N!=NP explains many observed facts, or that P!=NP is extremely useful. But I'm confused how it should be possible to subsume these into a single Bayesian probability for a "stronger" fact like that P!=NP is true. As a reaction, some computer scientists sympathetic to Scott wrote serious posts about (3) How much data must we collect before we can find a “simple hypothesis” that will probably predict future data? How do we go about finding such a hypothesis? The drawback related to the i.i.d. assumption is sufficiently highlighted in the same section: I remember having read about experiments concerning the communication of trees in a popular science magazine (when I was still a teenager). IIRC, the experiment went something like exposing one tree to a poisonous substance, and monitoring whether the nearby trees show (chemical) activity indicating that they were informed about the incident. It turned out that the nearby trees really get informed. Then the experiment went on trying to cut the communication channel. It was possible to establish that the communication channel was chemical (but I no longer remember whether it was above or below ground), even so the exact chemical substances couldn't be identified. I think it is quite probable that trees posses mental qualities like identity and intension. It may be important to keep in mind that although what we can see from a tree are its trunk, branches, and leaves, the most important part of a tree might be its roots. So a tree doesn't care too much about loosing a branch, but is quite sensitive to damage to its roots. There is no question that intentional actions influencing and reacting to its environment are evolutionary advantageous for trees. However, as many questions regarding trees are well suited to be investigated by the "normal scientific method", we don't really need to speculate metaphysically about them. Perhaps philosophy could identify interesting metaphysical questions regarding trees, but a big part of the answers should come from normal scientific investigations. Why do we think N NE NP? They actually started by asking themselves: "Why do scientists believe any particular theory?" and listed the following actual reasons: "(1) By doing Popperian experiments- experiments that really can fail. (2) Great Explanatory power. (3) (Kuhn-light) It fits into the paradigm that scientists already have." I don't know whether the earliest (Gödel/Tarski style) completeness proofs also relied on the same sort of ontological commitment. The last section below indicates why it is highly likely that some sort of ontological commitment is required for any completeness proof, as long as no explicit notion of "existence" relative to which we talk about "completeness" is specified.