Firstly, I appreciate your endeavor for making such useful site as you remarked: In the name of Allah, the most gracious, the most merciful Secondly it won't be haram by itself, as can reach many couples to each others (by getting marriage), but the significant point is that it can be a place for haram acts as well, by relations which can be result in non-Islamic relationship by making relationship between boys and girls... And actually some or many individuals can misuse ... Shia Fiqh (jurisprudence) considers it haram even if a part of women's hair is visible. On the other hand, all of women are not so in Iran, and many of them (especially in more religious cities) cover all of their hairs. And when you have completed the prayer, remember Allah standing, sitting, or [lying] on your sides. But when you become secure, re-establish [regular] prayer. Indeed, prayer has been decreed upon the believers a decree of specified times. (103) Secondly, it doesn’t seem to be haram directly for students to educate in mixed gender location. But as much as I know, according to the viewpoint of Shia Islam (and probably Sunni view, although I am not exactly aware about Sunni view): it would be haram if your attendance in those classes leads to sin or perhaps at least the introduction or the start the fields of commiting sin(s). Firstly let me state about your second question as a brief answer. As you inquired: To the best of my knowledge, both Shia and Sunni order to cover all of the hairs of the head. Meanwhile it is true that reciting or saying Allah's names is so good, but every thing has its specific rules and we ought to them according to Islamic rules as have mentioned. But regarding your initial main inquiry, seemingly it is okay, but there should be paid attention to some items regarding Mut’ah which ought or ought not to do, such as: And when you are among them and lead them in prayer, let a group of them stand [in prayer] with you and let them carry their arms. And when they have prostrated, let them be [in position] behind you and have the other group come forward which has not [yet] prayed and let them pray with you, taking precaution and carrying their arms. Those who disbelieve wish that you would neglect your weapons and your baggage so they could come down upon you in one [single] attack. But there is no blame upon you, if you are troubled by rain or are ill, for putting down your arms, but take precaution. Indeed, Allah has prepared for the disbelievers a humiliating punishment. (102) In fact, it wants to teach us regarding the truth (hidden) aspect of the issue (and being aware of that), not being wajib in using that phrase orally. And actually it emphasizes on the politness of monotheism (as a fact that we always ought to regard that. Those above-mentioned items can be counted as some remarkable items which I endeavor to state them briefly and approximately. For more complete matters, you’d better refer to the reference below. In both Shia and Sunni figh, women must cover all of their heads' hairs. It doesn’t seem as a haram deed for women to work (as a general rule), thus don’t look at this matter as an impermissible or forbidden act. Even Shia counts it as a halal or permissible act for woman to work (According to Shia's hadiths from Shia Imams), but by observing ...) / But on the other hand, there could be many important items which indeed are more valuable for women if they endeavor to stay home as much as possible (not by force, actually by paying attention to some items as I named some of them above). Consequently, definitely Allah will give them an extensive reward in this world and likewise doomsday if they avoid going on work by the intention of the above-mentioned items and so forth. But you are the final and main persons who decide about your futures. Good luck all of you.