As far as the medical side of things, I strongly recommend talking to your pediatrician about this, including if you choose to do something like I recommend above. We're not really equipped here to handle medical questions, though perhaps others will have had experience with this specific issue. Speaking for an average kindergartner, it is very common for them to not eat almost at all at lunch. My kindergartner, who is an extremely voracious eater, eats nearly none of his lunch, either. This is for two reasons: Note: I am not a doctor, nor am I your doctor; please read the note at the last paragraph regarding the medical issue you mention. Proximity of snack to lunch. His schedule is 7am breakfast, 9:30am snack, 11:30am lunch. He eats a big breakfast, and typically eats his entire snack (a fruit or cheese stick or similar, not a lot of food but enough), and so is just not particularly hungry at 11:30. Desire to interact socially (either talking to friends, or going outside and playing). Often there is a limited period for eating and playing, say 45 minutes total, and he wants to do as much playing and as little eating as he can. My suggestion would be to take this in a few different directions. So don't shy away from this responsibility. This isn't a talk you can have once and then be done - you need to occasionally bring up an aspect of relationships you value or dislike, and discuss that with her. Movies, books, and other entertainment bring up a lot of good examples where a short statement or discussion about the character's feelings and actions can provide that occasional teaching moment. You have energy - your body converts food into energy, and stores it as sugars and fats. Then, when you want to move your arm or legs, your body uses those sugars and fats to make the muscles work. Part of the problem is that she will write thoughts and feelings she has no possible way to act on, but once you've read them you may take them to be more meaningful than they actually are. And you can't discover the difference without essentially grilling her, and giving up that you are snooping - which will damage your relationship. Note: I am not a doctor, nor am I your doctor; please read the note at the last paragraph regarding the medical issue you mention. Speaking for an average kindergartner, it is very common for them to not eat almost at all at lunch. My kindergartner, who is an extremely voracious eater, eats nearly none of his lunch, either. This is for two reasons: As far as the medical side of things, I strongly recommend talking to your pediatrician about this, including if you choose to do something like I recommend above. We're not really equipped here to handle medical questions, though perhaps others will have had experience with this specific issue. Proximity of snack to lunch. His schedule is 7am breakfast, 9:30am snack, 11:30am lunch. He eats a big breakfast, and typically eats his entire snack (a fruit or cheese stick or similar, not a lot of food but enough), and so is just not particularly hungry at 11:30. Desire to interact socially (either talking to friends, or going outside and playing). Often there is a limited period for eating and playing, say 45 minutes total, and he wants to do as much playing and as little eating as he can. My suggestion would be to take this in a few different directions. Conclusion Go re-read the summary. You love her, and you merely want to help her avoid the pitfalls of life in this world that will hurt her, or prevent her from reaching her capacity as an adult. This time provides a breather before she becomes a full teenager, and launches herself into the world. Use it to gently guide her thoughts and feelings, and she will develop the relationship skills you value. There is no need to punish her for what she's written in a private journal, but now that you've awoken to the reality of your little girl growing up and changing, put careful thought into how you can best guide her into paths of growth and happiness. You have energy - your body converts food into energy, and stores it as sugars and fats. Then, when you want to move your arm or legs, your body uses those sugars and fats to make the muscles work. Part of the problem is that she will write thoughts and feelings she has no possible way to act on, but once you've read them you may take them to be more meaningful than they actually are. And you can't discover the difference without essentially grilling her, and giving up that you are snooping - which will damage your relationship.