(He also continually points out that Aristotle himself would not put up with the level of authority assigned by everyone to Aristotle himself. So he may have wanted to avoid dependency on other a priori notions in Aristotle on the modern side of his argument.) 

Two cases of potential thought beyond humanity come to mind: A slower example is the atomic theory of matter. Various alternative explanations fought it out for consideration, and each way of covering the facts turned out to be inconsistent with other accepted parts of the paradigm they were trying to expand. These dead theories are sometimes recounted in courses on the subject. Boltzmann, for instance, was so disparaged for promoting atoms as an alternative that he was forced out of physics and into philosophy. Ernst Mach, otherwise known as being as brilliant in physics as philosophy, is famous for holding out to the bitter end in his opposition to these theories. To a lesser degree, every science always has smaller versions of this kind of paradigm shift going on. For instance genetics has a gap between continuity in evolution that makes statistical tracking of mutations a way of measuring past populations, and the notion of punctuated equilibrium: that change, especially extinction, tends to happen suddenly, so that measuring this kind of thing over time, presuming it has some kind of smooth rate of accumulation, is misleading -- big die-offs are going to skew your distributions too much. This is an ongoing tiny little paradigm dispute. 

Kant's general approach to things is 'transcendental idealism'. That means that there are ideal forms behind the physical world, but they do not make any sense if totally separated from it. They do not form it and it does not cause them. Kan't position is that space and time are not real, but are imposed on reality by our perception. If space itself teaches us something about our imagination, like the fact it is off a bit at high speeds, then he is just wrong on that count. There are huge holes in his analysis of what is and is not a category, or how exactly categories should be combined into a maxim if other intelligences do not necessarily have languages. It is one of the primary weaknesses of the resulting ethics. But there is an idea that we should be able to develop an intuition for what is and is not adequately general, even if Kant's attempts to do so are either too hard to understand or too incompletely expressed for most of us to use them. 

A materialist way of framing a priori thought would be that it is at least phylogenetic: All humans agree on it, and once they form the concepts, it never changes for them. We cannot know whether non-humans would, but by this argument Kant suggests that they will do so, unless their perception of space and time is entirely different, sharing no common basis with our own. 

Equal, Opposite and Like in Kind are basic or derived Categories. So in some sense the Third Law lies at a far more basic level of logic. But the hokey pokey is not the Medieval Mass, (or even the modern peer-review process) or some similar cornerstone of deep cultural definition. So its definition is not going to be 'categorical' enough to be a general truth or rule of conduct, at least not up to Kant's standard for generality. If your motivation is to be 'avant-garde' or to be contrarian, then you have a problem. Not everyone can be contrarian, and purposely flout the opinions of the majority for sport. Nor can everyone simultaneously 'push the boundaries' on purpose by constantly undermining popular opinion. We value those actions in a modern competitive society because they keep things evolving. But it seems clear that Kant would not. Consider "Don't eat meat." There are whole tribes of primitive peoples with no arable land and no way to store food who live off cattle. We should not consider poverty and bad conditions sins, so it should be OK for them to eat a cow when it dies. So this cannot be a duty. Can we flip it over? "Eat all the meat you want." Well, how do we get meat? Someone produces it. Why don't we all produce it ourselves? Well, it would bother us. Why? Not just because it is dirty or hard, but also because using an animal as a tool involves withholding empathy: we do not like being used as mere means, and we naturally, if inappropriately, extend that empathically to animals. Is it just uncomfortable to withhold empathy, or is it bad? Well, for a Kantian, if we were totally subject to empathy, we would lose our autonomy, so some low level of it must be OK. But it obviously becomes bad at some point, because our whole process of moralizing involves empathy. Can we do the job at all without being bad? Yes, at some level, like the dairy cow that dies on its own, it is clearly possible to simply harvest the meat. Without going into the details of exactly where the cutoff lies, it is possible at some level to raise cattle and not be bad to them. We can trust that call to someone else. But we can use the idea now, and do the research later. "Consume at most that quantity of any given product that can be humanely raised and fairly distributed in your society." Who would object? Farmers that want to make more money than they can while being humane are actors in bad faith. Who else? I can't think of anyone.