So the Lord has Ezekiel prepare a tally-stick, signifying a formal contract in which one side represents writings of Judah, and the other, writings of Joseph, that will be joined together into one "in my hand." The writings of Judah are obviously the Bible, which leaves an obvious question: what can the identity of the stick of Joseph be? This prophecy requires a writing similar in nature to the Bible, containing the Lord's covenant with his people, as the Bible does, but coming forth from Joseph, not Judah. 

Since ancient times, formal contracts have been represented by inscribing the terms on a rod and then cutting it down the middle, through the inscription. One half was given to each party to the contract. When it came time to fulfill the contract, both parties would bring their sticks before a priest, magistrate or other legal authority, who would join them together in his hand. This made fraud impossible, as only if the two pieces of wood matched perfectly, grain for grain, could the contract be verified, and changing the engraving would require physical access to both halves. 

Not only does life exist in the womb, but God is active in the creation of that life. 

As @Mike noted, followers of Jesus are called "sons and daughters of God". However, this is quite different from the "sonship" of Jesus. His "sonship" is wholly unlike any other, in that it is eternal. Indeed, His birth into this world was miraculous as well. 

The Bible actually indicates that Adam and Eve did, in fact, have daughters. 

Whenever we ask why we should take something in the Bible as literal, we must start by asking ask why we should not take it as literal. Does the text give us any reason to interpret it as being figurative? In the book of Revelation, and other places where mortal man is given a glimpse of eternity, descriptions employ the use of comparison quite frequently. It was like this or had the appearance of that. The Genesis account employs no such language. 

Where did this idea come from? 1 Timothy labels it a desire, not a calling. 

Take a look at these passages of David and Habakkuk expressing their frustration at God: 

Through all this it's important to remember not to act on anger towards other people. 

So then what does the Timothy passage get at? Well, it's not totally clear, and when it's not clear you need to be open to reaching multiple valid conclusions (like this essay does). A popular viewpoint (and the one I take) is that Paul was speaking specifically about Eve--that Eve should save herself and everyone by eventually giving birth to the Christ. 

If that's true, why did Moses leave his family? 

This got me thinking: what else can have the Spirit of God in them? A country? An animal? An inanimate object? 

This Wikipedia page lays it out pretty well which Christian denominations accept same-sex marriage and just how much they accept it. Some denominations just kind of accept a little, while others split over it.