The templar I met insisted that if we found any books about his order that they were his. How does this work for normal legendaries? All the other components can be farmed from the nearest waypoint in normal for extreme speed. Since the plans are legendary items additional magic find can help them appear, from that point of view you can get 475% MF with MP10 and hit him in Normal or Nightmare. Some users are playing with stereoscopic 3D using Nvidia's glasses as described here and one person references ctrl+t as the toggle, but it seems that this is NVidia's technology and not built into Diablo 3 itself. Are they strictly a plot device and don't actually relate to any game items? Crafting equipment has always entailed some risk. In Diablo 2, the best players would hoard perfect rubies to try to create "Blood" gear (items with strong life leech). If your build calls for such a piece then it may be the small advantage you need to start succeeding in Inferno. I thought I did a good job of looking around, but I didn't find any books, did I miss them? Seeing as they can drop on any difficulty level, farming Izual/Diablo in normal or nightmare is a pretty straight forward way to get the plans. The advice to use an authenticator was repeated in a cut and paste response a few hours after the original post, and again a day later. The assertion that no authenticator enable account has been hacked was reiterated in a response to a user here. The best gear that the blacksmith produces is certainly being hoarded by those who have invested the time and effort to generate it or will be offered for sale at an enormous price. For example in Diablo 2 it was well known that you wanted to wait to open all 3 portals at the same time to take the randomness out of it, is that possible in Diablo 3? Effective Health Pool is calculated as TotalHealthPool / (1-Armor Reduction)(1-Resist Reduction)(1-DodgeReduction)*(1-Any other dmg reduction you want). The particular values are explained elsewhere.EHP John Gorham Coffin - a unique Grave Robber - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1 There is a pretty good guide over at d3db here. It includes a spawn point strategy for farming the Act I ghosts. The diablowiki also has a concise listing here. The Tomekeeper - Unique Grim Wraith- Realm of Shadow - Act II Since it is essential to maintain my Barbarian's disgruntled state, what strategy can I use to best maximize Fury? Does it only come down to each left mouse click? Do I get more for hitting monsters in groups? Does taking damage increase my rage? Should I pattern my use of primary and secondary attacks (P+P+S, P+P+P+S, etc). What is the best strategy? If you are specifically interested in uniques (monsters with Purple names and "flavor text") you can find a list here. These monsters, in addition to more general elites/champions, tend to have special traits which give them unique powers. Floating monster health bars can be turned on using the "V" key (provided you don't change that hotkey). I hit it all the time by accident, but I like it on. Another major, major benefit to this spell is that you can pick up health globes while under its effects. This means that you can safely run through champion packs, rares, and uniques/bosses while low on health to snag some much-needed healing that would otherwise be far too dangerous to pick up (e.g. in the middle of multiple arcane lazers, molten magma trails, etc.). It removes snares, stuns, jail effects, freeze effects, and any other effect, while making you immune for the duration (walls, however, still block you). The Stone of Jordan (SoJ) became a unit of currency throughout Diablo 2, to the point where Blizzard created a special event that could be triggered by selling enough SoJ's. As an example, I used this spell repeatedly on Belial.  If I was too close to one of the green pools indicating that he's going to take a swing at me, I'd pop Spirit Walk.  His attack would hit my body, ending the Spirit Walk early, but I would take no damage from the attack.