As waypoints aren't carried over from game to game as in Diablo II, how do you start a new Diablo III game to run a particular boss, or just grind on higher level minions near the end of the act? 

If you wanted to add the gem to the axe in your example, take the damage added by the gem (11), multiply it by the attacks/second on the unsocketed weapon, (11 × 1.00) to get the DPS boost (11). Add this to the DPS number on the unsocketed weapon to compare (89.5 + 11 = 100.5 < 103) ∴ the axe does more less with the same gem). 

Lyndon the Scoundrel is met trying to con some artifacts from a woman and her village during the first part of The Broken Blade. 

You can only change your BattleTag once, so someone can't endlessly cycle their name looking for easy marks. A level 1 asking for high-level gear is a bit suspicious; investing a great deal of time to get to 50-60 for a con that might work a handful of times is probably a lost cause. You either need to Once your friend, they would need to maintain some level of rapport that is consistent with what your past experiences. If you are still worried, you could take the following steps: 

After the bridge she simply leaves. 

You can either calculate what happens if the same gem is added to the other or if the gem is removed from both. The results will be slightly different if the attack speeds differ as damage gems are more effective on faster weapons. 

After killing Jondar he simply waits at the top of the steps then disappears. 

Use RealID as Melini mentions. This is unique and will display their real name. 

Double Enchantress After getting the first quest from her: 

At that low amount, you're not in danger of wild swings up and down if you stack lifesteal. That, or passive health regeneration could keep up with what you lose. 

Covetous Shen seems obsessed with gems but not the other sparkly fashion accessories that make my character absolutely fabulous, so I can't rely on him for a minimum upgrade for amulets and rings. The vendor in the north of New Tristam sold me my first pair of rings, but I'm in act III and I don't know where to look to try to upgrade my very dated rings and amulet. 

From my experience it is approximately 5%. This was in Nightmare where some spell I was using on my wizard was doing about 700-odd damage and the ticks I was taking were in the high 30's. 

As for the camp followers (Artisans), The Blacksmith, Haedrig Eamon points you to where the crown is in Act I and he joins your crusade after you find it. The Jeweler, Covetous Shen shows up in Act II hiding in a barrel.