Cheating You could get a signal from the table or audience. Even reads from the table is coaching. Cannot coach, talk about the hand, collude, nor influence action. It was not clear if PNIA would even let them cut a deal. Kicker Kicker is a single card. Kicker only comes into play when the main part of the hand is not five cards and can tie. If the highest kicker ties then you just go to the next highest and so on. Two pair and 4 of a kind hand is 1 kicker. Trips have 2 kickers. Nothing is all kickers. I get it was just a home game but protect you cards is your responsibility. You deserve to forfeit the hand - even in a home game. But flush K, Q, J, 10, 9 does beat flush 5, 4, 3, 2, A King high straight flush versus a five high straight flush You want to make it more complex and you are getting the current rules wrong Check raise is very common play. You let an aggressive player put money in the pot rather than possibly slow them down with a bet. The main pot is $100 each for $300 BB had AA and wants the chips in the pot is influence action. It may seem illogical to you but it is logical to me. Why make the game more complex and not add any value? Kassouf made a mockery of the game last year. Many hands he did not even look at his cards for 15 seconds. If some asked something as simple as pot size that is coaching. The hand ranks are based on statistics. Within a rank there is no statistics. A pair of twos is just as hard as a pair of aces. An arbitrary convention was picked. Making that arbitrary convention more complex adds nothing. There is one interesting exception in that an ace high straight is actually easier (from 7 cards) because there is no blocker above. 9 High card High card. After that kicker rules. Odds: 0.995 : 1 Announced: X high with an intonation of I hope it holds up Even cards that reach the muck are not necessarily dead: Player 2 would receive like a 1 hand to 1 round penalty. It would not be fair to make the nuts forfeit hand. Let's say 1 was the pre flop raiser and lead out every round. You just checked and called. If you hit on the river your best play it to check again and let them lead out. The money they put in the pot is money in the pot. They are more likely to call an all in due to pot odds. If they don't call your all in you still have their lead bet/raise. If they are not going to lead out after a check then they are not likely to call an all in as the first bet anyway.