Thus, salvation (and its opposite, damnation) are directly related to the Ten Commandments. (I also recommend that you check out Matthew 221 to understand why Jesus didn't list all ten commandments in that discussion with the young man. He was obviously summarizing). 

The sin of Pride fairly leaps off of the page. 

Their original condition was life. Their obedience fulfilled the Covenant of Works established between God and them by God. (Key point: God established the covenant.) The condition of obedience goes hand-in-hand with the condition of (eternal) life while they maintained their covenant relationship. Their obedience continued until they ate the fruit of that tree. To not be obedient is to earn death. That is a promise from God. God keeps his promises. Disclaimer: a profound apology to any of our Reformed participants here if I have made errors in this answer. 

Problem element 2 This raises an interesting point about dogma. When by the authority of the Magesterium of the Church a dogma is declared, the leaders of the faith community draw a line in the sand. (It's not done very frequently). It may present a challenge to the faithful. 1859 Mortal sin requires full knowledge and complete consent. It presupposes knowledge of the sinful character of the act, of its opposition to God's law. It also implies a consent sufficiently deliberate to be a personal choice. Feigned ignorance and hardness of heart do not diminish, but rather increase, the voluntary character of a sin. 

For a more recent example, Saint Francis of Assisi didn't require a Pauline experience to go forth, change his life, and then do God's work. Why does anyone else need or require it? He didn't need to. He's provided the entire Church (in terms of all of the Faithful, the entire (mystical) Body of Christ) to get His word out and to witness to Him. All of those who have answered the call to Faith, to be in a state of communion with God (CCC 1-10) are like Samuel (or should be). Speak Lord, for your servant is listening. TL;DR (1) Because He doesn't need to, and (2) it's not His style. 1 Samuel 3:18 What rules and dogmas can do -- for all that they depth and texture to the faith -- is aid and abet that journey. If the believer hangs in there with Jesus, and is faithful even when struggling with doubt, they'll meet him and he'll do as he has done since the beginning: forgive. (What's that he said on the Cross? "Forgive them Father, for they know now what they do." (Luke 23:34))