I so far haven't been able to dig up anything about the Valcarra either. However, the description of the rest sounds a lot like a Chinese Queue. There may have been some Chinese immigration to that area in that exact period, or it could have been influenced by similar Native American hairstyles. According to the wiki, this same hairstyle was also being used in the British Navy in the early 1800's. Note that in the USA, the people responsible for the President's security are The Secret Service. They are not military. Probably chiefly because they didn't really know what was causing it. The germ theory is actually fairly new, and even into the 20th century was quite controversial in non-scientific circles. It wasn't until public health officials working in the US Panama Canal construction zone managed to nearly eradicate the yellow fever that pretty much ruined previous efforts that public officials were convinced. If you can break the enemy line there, you break their unit in two. If you then keep coming, you will suddenly have your whole unit in the middle of theirs, able to fire on all of them effectively in a line while they have found themselves in a column (assuming they don't just rout). The key to being able to do this is training and speed, and early on nobody could match Napoleon in these two qualities. It was almost like a Calvary charge for him, but done with infantry. They can be viewed as a kind of Federal-level police. They used to be under the Treasury Department (with the IRS and the folks who make our money), rather than the FBI or Justice Department. In 2003 they got moved into the new Department of Homeland Security (along with a mishmash of other domestic security-related agencies that weren't politically powerfull enough to prevent it). What you are referring to is commonly known as the "French Column". I suppose it shouldn't be surprising that English movies and the English version of Wikipedia are pretty dismissive of it. After all, that was the opinion of everyone's favorite English General, Wellington. And he was certainly able to back it up. IMHO, the best benifit is free medical care for life in the V.A. system. Most Americans either have to have a full-time (40+hour a week) job with a large company, or be really old or destitute to get paid medical coverage. Everybody else has to buy insurance themselves (and fully 1/4 of the country doesn't feel they can afford that, so they aren't covered at all). In fact, Ienaga does inadvertently show at one point that his analysis is superficial when he writes: He died of wounds sustained in action in 1944, so we cannot tell how his fate would have played out post-war but I doubt he would have been able to weasel his way out of a court-martial and possible execution. As long as the war lasted, though, he was useful to the Soviet command. Notably, the Palmach veterans were very incensed about the introduction of British-style officer messes, rank insignia, and separate pay grades for officers (one such letter is cited on pp. 176-7 in the book בראשית by Michal Tzur). However, their egalitarian system was probably incompatible with being part of an organized state's army and had to go, whatever were its merits. He quickly rose in prominence in the German service and was able to create his own SS "eastern legion"-type unit, which was eventually known as the 1-я русская национальная бригада СС «Дружина» (1st Russian National SS Brigade Druzhina). That's about it, the continuation being a discussion of the conflicts between CCP and KMT. But, hang on, the quote above isn't even really by Stilwell himself! It is part of the editor's introduction to Chapter 11 and is clearly set in a different font, to make sure nobody attributes it to Stilwell himself... However, the pages where he discusses the 8th Route army and the Communist resistance to the Japanese in general (pp. 88-96) are actually not as well-documented as the rest of the book. Even so, this source indicates that joint officer-men meals persisted in ex-Palmach units for a while: To go further back, you have Zimri who ruled for a whopping seven days and Shallum who managed to hang on for a month. Another source which Ienaga mentions only in a footnote (right after the passage OP quoted) is a book by Jono Hiroshi Sansei dokuritsu senki - The War for Independence in Shansi - which he claims "substantiates the descriptions by Western writes of Communist military units). However, Ienaga says that Hiroshi "fought against Communist forces in Shanghai after 1945" so it's not clear how really relevant his testimony is. Anyway, I can't review it. Taken all together these data may seem convincing but then one must recall that all three Westerners were known as Communist sympathizers who lived and worked among the Communists. Though they were honest and competent journalists, their perspective was very slanted and their sources were ultimately Communist, and they had little access to Nationalist sources to rectify their bias. Thus, I think that their data has to be taken with a lot of caution.