You may be interested in this recent collection of short essays by prominent theologians and scientists, each responding to the question: "does the universe have a purpose?" There are other issues where the legacy of logical empiricism is still visible. Two different approaches to probability are still under discussion. One of them explores the objective chances of external events; this investigation follows in the tradition of the frequency theory of Reichenbach and von Mises. The second approach has an epistemic conception of probability as exemplified by Carnap. S.L. Zabell summarizes the current situation as follows: In another sense, it produces concepts permitting us to think according to singular conjunctions between human thought and the world. Because of this it is tempting to say that philosophy points to a kind of sadness of the highest happiness, for who else occupies this peak, serving no established power, neither the church nor the state nor the market? It perhaps bears thinking a little bit about who else but philosophy could operate without the hypocrisy of certain kinds of relationships to the state, the church, the market, etc. UPDATE: I have realized your question is somewhat more nuanced than my initial reading suggested. the fraction of human-level civilizations that reach a posthuman stage is very close to zero; the fraction of posthuman civilizations that are interested in running ancestor-simulations is very close to zero; or the fraction of all people with our kind of experiences that are living in a simulation is very close to one Ockham's Razor would initially indeed seem to suggest that the simulation hypothesis 'requires less assumptions'; however given the degree of unknowability here it would seem as difficult to assert this unqualifiedly as it is to imagine a scientific experiment which could validate the principle. In my opinion it's at least apparently unfalsifiable, though as I have suggested above, hypothetically we might run into certain limits imposed by the simulator on the simulation. In Conjectures and Refutations, Popper criticizes instrumentalism for being too mechanical, and plainly reductive with respect to "purer" sciences: From another angle, we may contrast the scientific and theological kinds of answers to this question with a very different sort of answer. Consider the early metaphysics of the young Nietzsche, who writes in The Birth of Tragedy (38) (my emphasis): In other words, instrumentalism suggests the practical utility of a theory is primary, that theories are nothing more than predictive algorithms, and that our reliance on them is no proof of their transcendent verity but reflects only the degree to which the relevant theory has proven effective at solving problems and predicting observable phenomena (rather than the degree to which they describe the character of an underlying reality.) I'm not sure that being in a simulated universe really poses a significant question for scientists. On my reading this is still essentially a metaphysical question. The realism-idealism debate hasn't stopped any scientists from getting to work that I know of -- meta is ultimately a distraction, at least in the last instance, and engineers and scientists have things to build and problems to solve (not years to worry about whether we're in a simulated universe or not and how you'd even know the difference.) This is an incomplete and sort of partial answer. But hopefully it might help provide an orientation around some texts that would answer your question more substantially. An instrumentalist believes that the purpose of a scientific theory isn't to describe an objective reality, but rather to effectively predict phenomena and solve problems. So the major consequence of this is that scientific theories are meaningless to the extent they deal with unobservable phenomena, or do not provide computable rules for predicting observable events. Insofar as I understand it, to an instrumentalist a scientific theory is a set of functions -- purely a practical instrument for problem solving. We get to bypass the realism-idealism debate, since an instrumentalist would discourage us from drawing any conclusions about ultimate "truth". In fact, you'll probably find that most philosophers generally don't spend a lot of time in their formal expositions worrying over these sorts of things either -- they too have more interesting fish to fry. Part of the movement's legacy lies in contemporary philosophy of science. In the US nearly all philosophers of science can trace their academic lineages to Reichenbach. Most were either his students or students of his students and so on. His scientific realism inspired a generation of philosophers, even those clearly outside the movement. Even the reaction against various forms of realism that have appeared in recent decades have roots in the logical empiricist movement. Moreover, philosophers of science are expected to know a great deal of the science about which they philosophize and to be cautious in telling practicing scientists what concepts they may or may not use. In these respects and others contemporary philosophers promote a kind of naturalism, and by so doing they follow both the precept and the example of the logical empiricists. More generally speaking, philosophy criticizes -- it unveils illusions, and is at its most "world-historically" interesting and important in this effort to demystify, to enjoin battle against received notions, popular perception, religious/economic/political doctrines. It is useful for injuring base thinking, which proceeds "naturally," according to all the mystifications and illusions which beset our mad species. Deleuze, thinking through Nietzsche, says that philosophy is useful for saddening in the sense that it injures vulgar and base thinking, cuts them off from what they could otherwise do. In passing, I might also suggest another interesting question to explore might be: why should we assume creation itself has a purpose or meaning, even to God? More pointedly, perhaps -- granting that Creation did stem from certain "motivations" -- how much more complex and intricate (and possibly beyond the reach of our understanding) must God's motivations for creating the universe be than even the most complex and profound of human motives?