(15) The corrective action plan presented by Air Koryo in response to France’s request was not adequate and sufficient to correct the identified serious safety deficiencies. (10) Persons exercising their right of residence should not, however, become an unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host Member State during an initial period of residence. Therefore, the right of residence for Union citizens and their family members for periods in excess of three months should be subject to conditions. The right of Union citizens (and their families) to move and reside freely within the Member States that originated with the Schengen Agreement in 1985 is regulated by Directive 2004/28/EC of the European Parliament and Of the Council (emphasis mine): 

Golden Dawn and the Communist Party will most certainly not support the government's candidate. Nikolaos Michaloliakos, GD's leader, was arrested in September 2013 and is still imprisoned (pending trial), along with other prominent party members. GD has accused the government of persecution and it's extremely unlikely that they'll do them any favours. (16) The authorities of the Democratic People Republic of Korea with responsibility for regulatory oversight of Air Koryo have not exercised an adequate oversight on this carrier in accordance with their obligations under the Chicago Convention. 

The third round of the presidential election (Dec 29) failed to elect Stavros Dimas. The general election is set for 25, January 2015. 

Alexis Tsipras, SYRIZA's leader, has already stated that they won't support any candidate. This isn't a surprise, SYRIZA has the most to gain from premature elections. As you've mentioned, they won the recent Euro election, and are leading most polls. Unless something changes dramatically, they have a real chance of winning the next elections. (13) Air Koryo demonstrated a lack of ability to address these safety deficiencies. If we take the opposition's statements at face value and all their MPs follow the party line, then the presidential election will fail. If that happens, then the government will have to dissolve the parliament in at most ten days. 

Source: The Independent - Article 50 was designed for European dictators, not the UK, says man who wrote it 

“It seemed to me very likely that a dictatorial regime would then, in high dudgeon, want to storm out. And to have a procedure for storming out seemed to be quite a sensible thing to do — to avoid the legal chaos of going with no agreement,” Kerr said. Yes, the UK government has mentioned this before in the explanatory notes published with the EU Notification of Withdrawal Bill (Article 50 bill). 

To sum up, some may think that Brexit automatically triggers an exit from Euratom since the European Union (Amendment) Act 2008 includes Euratom in its scope while others may think that it's not the case as Euratom is legally separate from the EU (though its only full members are EU countries). As mentioned by the author of Article 50, Lord John Kerr (a former UK diplomat), EU leaders then had feared that Austria may withdraw from the EU if the far-right Austrian Freedom Party was elected. (16) The authorities of the Democratic People Republic of Korea with responsibility for regulatory oversight of Air Koryo have not exercised an adequate oversight on this carrier in accordance with their obligations under the Chicago Convention. Alexis Tsipras, SYRIZA's leader, has already stated that they won't support any candidate. This isn't a surprise, SYRIZA has the most to gain from premature elections. As you've mentioned, they won the recent Euro election, and are leading most polls. Unless something changes dramatically, they have a real chance of winning the next elections. 

(10) Persons exercising their right of residence should not, however, become an unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host Member State during an initial period of residence. Therefore, the right of residence for Union citizens and their family members for periods in excess of three months should be subject to conditions. 

The right of Union citizens (and their families) to move and reside freely within the Member States that originated with the Schengen Agreement in 1985 is regulated by Directive 2004/28/EC of the European Parliament and Of the Council (emphasis mine): 

Right now, the distribution of seats in the Greek Parliament is: The third round of the presidential election (Dec 29) failed to elect Stavros Dimas. The general election is set for 25, January 2015. 

(b) By way of derogation from point (a), where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, the qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 

(13) Air Koryo demonstrated a lack of ability to address these safety deficiencies. As of 2010, the ban is partial and it excludes the two Tu-204's. Air Koryo can operate the two new aircraft (registration marks P-632 and P-633) normally into the European Union. 

The Communist Party of Greece considers itself the polar opposite of the ruling coalition, and has a very long history of not co-operating with any other party (even left wing parties). It will be a very big surprise if they support the government's candidate. Basically, Euratom was explicitly mentioned as the government had not stated its intention as seen in this article by Politco: 

Yes, the UK government has mentioned this before in the explanatory notes published with the EU Notification of Withdrawal Bill (Article 50 bill). 

It's mainly because there was no official mechanism to withdraw from the European Union before the Treaty of Lisbon was enter into force. The regulations were designed to make it easier for the EU to suspend a country that had elected an authoritarian leader whose values were deemed to be at odds with those of the union. 

As mentioned by the author of Article 50, Lord John Kerr (a former UK diplomat), EU leaders then had feared that Austria may withdraw from the EU if the far-right Austrian Freedom Party was elected. 

So, the UK Gov basically makes their intention clear by explicitly mentioning it. Thus, Article 50 was created so that it would provide an official mechanism and rule, such as the 2-year negotiation period, to withdraw from the bloc.