If it finishes early this means it did not require as much work to complete as planned. Rather than merely setting it to 100% complete, first ensure the Completed Work and Remaining Work accurately represent reality (i.e. Completed work is how much work was actually done, Outstanding Work should be zero if you are saying it is complete). If the task start date in MS-P matches when it did actually start, then this step will mean that you don't have tasks completed in the future, they always end on the day they actually ended. 

To model your task in MS-Project you need to start with how much work there is in the task. You have specified there are 71 hours. So start with a task that has a fixed-duration of 11 days, and 71 hours in the 'Work' column. 

First go to the Task Sheet view, then simply "hide" the columns you don't want to appear in the view (right click on the column heading and select Hide) Point 1. will give you a minimum 5 day lag and point 2 will ensure the task has to start on a Monday. When you are happy with the report save the View using a name meaningful to you. 

As an example, I commonly use it for all pre-deployment preparation tasks. The actual deployment date/weekend/milestone/task happens at a time driven by the bulk of the project plan, but the tasks to prepare the environment, complete the service transition documentation etc. can happen at any time prior to the deployment; but clearly you want them just before deployment. There is no point preparing the service transition documentation at the beginning of the project, you want it right at the end just before actual deployment. 

So the backloaded tasks becomes a pre-requisite for the deployment milestone/task using As Late As Possible, which means they butt up against the deployment tasks and don't get scheduled earlier in the project. 

Then we have the issue of only starting on Monday in MS-Project 2003. I cannot recall, but I don't think 2003 had task calendars. If that is true you will need to create a resource calendar with only Monday as a working day, then create a small task (say 1 minute) and allocate to that task a resource that uses the only-Monday calendar. That forces your short task to start only on Monday. Then add that short task as a predecessor to your task, ensuring the resources assigned to that task work normal hours. 

EDIT: Another solution you may wish to examine would be to continue using the Gantt Chart, but use relative period numbering for the timescale labels (i.e. Month 1, Week 2 etc.) As long as you hide the explicit Date columns you will be able to show all options on the Gantt next to each other within implying "real" dates. To do this just double-click on the timescale at the top of the chart and edit the "Timescale" drop down for each of the Tiers to achieve whatever effect you want. 

Then apply the resources to the task using the 'Assign Resource's window, and in the Unit column for each resource, put in the amount of hours they will work on the project using the format '24h' to mean 24 hours. It will automatically be converted to a percentage of the overall work by MS-Project. Since 1 does not resolve overallocations, you then need to Level the plan (unless you are using auto-levelling). Having done that MSP will attempt to schedule all remaining work to be done from the update date until completion. This may or may not result in a slippage of your end date On the basis it should slip to the following Monday- The main problem with completed tasks in the future of an MS-P project plan is that the system continues to recognise the resource spend in the future days. So whatever resources were applied to the task are believed by the system to be actually working on that task in the future even though you marked it as complete! This is a bad thing as it means MS-P doesn't apply them to other tasks even though they are actually free to work on something. On your status date use the Update Project menu item (on the Project tab in MSP 2010) to move all uncompleted work to a specific point in time (usually tomorrow). This will move uncompleted work into the future Investigate setting tasks to 'Fixed Duration' and also setting task Priorities to ensure that some tasks are done before others. 

Yes this is entirely possible and the easiest way to use it is using a View. Work out the most accurate estimates you can - We all know the limitations of estimation, but do the best you can with what you have got, taking into account the views of the people who are well-versed in actually doing it 

If completed work/tasks are appearing to the right of today's date, this means that you have marked as complete a task that was in the future. This is a common mistake. Unfortunately, just because you marked it as 100% complete before it was supposed to be completed does not mean that MS-Project "realises" it should now be in the past. You need to do two things on a regular basis.