You need a chain that is specifically a single-speed chain, not a multi gear derailleur chain. If you replace the cassette you must replace the chain, as a worn chain will very quickly wear out cassette sprockets. Chainrings wear slowest. It's worth inspecting all three as one or two may not need replacing. SRAM and Shimano use the same free-hub body 'HyperGlide' standard (introduced by Shimano) so their cassettes are interchangeable. Other manufacturers such as SunRace use this standard too. Just check that cassettes are specified as Shimano / SRAM compatible. Generally speaking derailleur chains are available in 6, 7 and 8 speeds; 9 speeds; 10 speeds and 11 speeds. For derailleur gear equipped bicycles you just need to get a chain compatible with the number of gears ('speeds') on the rear sprocket cassette. More gears require a chain with a narrower outer width because the sprockets are closer together. 

A chain is in danger of snapping when it develops a weakness. It will fail when the force on it exceeds the strength of the weakest park. Shimano and SRAM chains are interchangeable, as are KMC and other aftermarket brands. SRAM 9 speed and below use reusable PowerLinks, 10 speed and above use one-time-use PowerLocks. If you are thinking of larger chainrings or a cassette with a larger largest sprocket, you need to check if your rear derailleur can handle the increased difference between smallest and largest sprockets. 

(The difference is driven by the need for progressively closer spacing of the sprockets in the cassette as the number of sprockets increases. Chains for more speeds have to be narrower, which also affects chainring spacing and design.) For an internal gear hub (IGH) bike you probably need a 1⁄8 inch (3.2 mm) single-speed chain. The rider might exceeds the strength of a weakened chain through high-force pedaling stokes, when accelerating from a standstill perhaps. 

What I suspect happened in your case is that the front derailleur imparted a lateral bending force on the chain at a weak point which in conjunction with pedaling force caused it to fail.