Of course, the more complex the starting picture, the more disappointing the result will be. Picking the right picture matters. Cropping it to the part with more details helps too. Creative mode in 1.8 has inbuilt support for flying. It is available by double tapping space. The soft lightning is done by a number of extended rapid pulsers. Basically, I took the basic structure of a rapid pulser and extended it sideways with further torches and powder. It works. Try and move out of the way; if that doesn't work equip a pickaxe and mine yourself a 1×1×2 bubble directly ahead of you, then move into it. Buy yourself some extra time by switching to peaceful difficulty. If you want portals spawned in the Nether, then lunbook's answer is AFAIK correct and you'll need 1,024 meters (perhaps more due to rounding) between overworld portals to get you a brand new Nether portal. However, it will be quite suboptimal. Minecraft stores save games in many, many small files and Dropbox does not support folder-wide rollbacks. This is placed alongside an existing piece of railways I'm upgrading to powered rail. I'd like to slow down the cart enough to let people see this for a few moments, only to regain momentum as they reach the powered rail further ahead. (A nicer solution could be had if jukeboxes emitted power while they played songs. Alas...) Here's what you can do to get the best results a computer can give you. This is a known problem in computer science called dithering: your picture has too many colors for the target format or display to show (for example animated GIFs are limited to 256 colors) so what you can do is simulate the colors in between through juxtaposition. Get Gimp, install it and open it. Get a picture of the wool palette in your texture on screen; just opening it in an image viewer or the browser is fine. Keep it unobscured from all of the open dialogues, including the ones we're about to open. Open the palette editor (Windows → Dockable dialogues → Palette) On the bottom bar of the palette editor hit the create palette button. In the new dialogue that pops up, call the picture Minecraft. From the main Toolbox, double click the primary color from the color chooser (it should be the large black rectangle obscuring the white one.) You should get a color picker. Don't close the color picker. If you close it, simply double click that rectangle again. Find the eyedropper button next to the HTML notation textbox. Click it. Move your mouse over the picture from step 2. Press and hold the left mouse button, then move it around. You will see that the color picker changes the current selection to reflect the color that's under your mouse. Mouse over the first of the 16 colors of wool in your texture pack and finally release the left mouse button. Repeat the process until you get a satisfying representative color for that wool block. Go to the Minecraft palette window, right click in the middle and choose New color from FG to add the current color to the palette. Repeat steps 8 and 9 for each of the 16 shades of wool. If you want to use more than that (e.g. ender blocks or netherrack or what have you), do the same for those blocks, too. Close the color picker. Open the picture you want to convert. Size the picture down (Image → Scale Image...) so that you get 1 pixel per block (i.e. if your picture in Minecraft will be 40×30 blocks wide, scale the image down to 40×30 pixels). Finally we get to the business part. Open Image → Mode → Indexed... Choose Use custom palette From the palette list (the one in step 3), drag the Minecraft one and drop it on the palette chooser (the button with the tiny colored rectangles.) Choose if you want dithering or not. You will probably want either Floyd-Steinberg (reduced color bleed) or No dithering. Hit Ok. Now the picture tells you what block you should use where in your final result. You can zoom with Ctrl-Mousewheel and pan around with middle click. Now you just have to go minecraft the picture together with wool. The solution was placing powered minetracks right before, but I got the quantity wrong. Even with generous amounts of powered minetracks at launch, I needed four or five powered minetracks to barely offset a single powered off. That's perhaps because, since you stay on a powered off track for longer (you're slowing down after all), they cause more of an impact on your speed and momentum. We have built a number of large rapid pulsers for Floor D of Fosco's server's community wiki. I tried replacing the track piece altogether, and I got stuck in the hole. Thus, the height of the pillar doesn't matter if all you care about is mobs not spawning.