I have the following classes in my application: 

What I want to do: Now that the application is complete, I recieved a request to support a user/pass system, and every user will have a specific calendar that matches him (user == school in this context). 

A method named the same as the class is considered an (old style) constructor, and is called every time the object is created. 

What I have: I have a completed webapp that works similarly to a calendar (though not exactly), a school has a list of teachers, each teacher has a number of tests assigned to him, the school gets a list of possible times for tests, and has to fit the teachers into the possible test times, using several rules. That much is DONE 

The place where I got stuck was the URL routing system: PDO can fetch results into an object. I have a PHP that is likely to take 10 or (even much) more seconds. I would like to display progress for it for the user. 

I prefer PHP, as I am most proficient there. Can anyone point me at some good tutorials or even explain here how to start? (I only need the basic protocol/syntax and server settings, I'll do the actual functions and abilities myself (hopefully :P)). To generate the class itself from the database structure, there are several projects (I haven't tested, but this came up on a very simple search). 

So I've started studying MVC (real MVC, not framework MVC) a bit more in-depth, and I'm attempting to develop a small framework. I'm working by reading other frameworks such as Symphony and Zend, seeing how they do their job, and attempt to implement it myself. 

Can anyone point me in the right direction? I can paste my current code if you'd like (it's rather long so I rather not do it if no one needs it). Well, I've been searching for material for this one, and failed to find anything. I am familiar with the IRC protocol, and I want to write IRC Services for my server (running on UnrealIRCD) 

I want to make a searching option for my site, and for fun I decided I should at least try to make it myself (If I fail, there's always Google Custom Search). 

schedule_month_year - The actual schedule. 

A way to improve your code would be to introduce type hinting into your method: 

So in short: does anyone know of a good place to start, a tutorial, an article, an example? They always talk about extendability and flexibility when writing code, but here I am wanting to expand my webapp and I have no idea how to do it. 

I'm writing an IRC bot in PHP, and I wanted to make a s little more sophisticated then most other bots. 

3) I really like the simplicity of this approach, just building a language array and calling the phrase you need in a function like the example below , you would then just include a file with the appropriate language array. 

2) Most people say use gettext PHP has an extension or support for it, well I have been researching it and I have a basic understanding of it, as far as I can tell it is a lot of extra work to go this route, I mean coding my site to use it's functions ie; _('hello world i'm in English for now') or else gettext('hello world i'm in English for now') is no problem as any route I go will require that. But then you have to install gettext on your server and get it working, then use some special editors to create special files and compile them I think? 

Can you store an Array in Memcache? 

Questions Updated instead of making a new question... 

$_GET['site'] is a value that comes straight from the URL in the browser which means a user could easily change this value to anything they want, you should check/sanitize that value, all values actually before sending it to a database. 

Something like this would be a start, could still use more work and there is many ways of doing it, I would create a custom function/class to easily pass all variables through sitewide which can simply repetitive stuff like this 

A user ID number A user's photo URL A users name Together as an array, someone told me you could and then someone told me you couldn't Which is it? 

I really want to provide a few alternative languages other then English on my social network site I am building, this will be my first time doing any kind of language translation so please bear with me. I am researching so I am al ear and open to ideas and I have a lot already here is are the questions.