That of course doesn't have a direct correlation with the federal level, but there's likely some indirect correlations. 

So, to answer the specific questions: This interactive map shows you the breakdown by state: http://www.datamasher.org/mash-ups/people-representative As for his voting record, you can look it up here: http://votesmart.org/candidate/key-votes/53270/john-mccain-iii#.UlTZyWRgZgI As he's a member of the Republican party, that'd make him a Republican. As far as I know, party members aren't members by a percentage. They're either a party member, or they are not. According to this Time article from 2013: 

According to the above wikipedia link, it was a combination of The Executive and Legislative branches: http://ballotpedia.org/Population_represented_by_state_legislators 

It appears it was 1960 (unless the USPS somehow opted out initially, though I can't find anything specific in that regard) But keep in mind that how a person votes doesn't change the definition of their party affiliation. It can certainly change the definition of how partisan they may be. (I supposed it could be argued that is one way one could measure how 'affiliated' a person is with a particular party, but I'd argue it's more a sign of how affiliated a person is with a particular caucus--which, though somewhat party-related--isn't necessarily the same as the party's overall philosophy) 

In addition to Gerrymandering, there is the issue per-capita representation differences in the House of Representatives. At the state government level, the differences can be a bit more drastic between state: 

As for retiree health care benefits, it appears that they are given as part of the FEHB: 

No, it was already in existence, which led to the mandate, as congress felt that there were going to be future funding issues with it as up to that point, they were 'paying as they go'. This sort of answers a few of your questions, though changes a few others. According to this, the problem at least started with pre-retiree health care costs. Specifically--the mandate that they be pre-funded starting in 2006. The article seems to indicate that these benefits were mandated by congress. 

Does it favor a particular party? I don't know. But is another variable to consider. Since 2006, the Post Office has been legally required to pre-fund health benefits for future retirees at a cost of around $5.5 billion a year. For the first time last year, it defaulted on its annual payment. Summary: They don't seem to have been presenting detailed proofs with evidence, because: this is pretty much universally accepted in the US (the idea that it was not Russian-supplied SAMs is generally dismissed as Russian propaganda), and because Congress doesn't always feel the need to formally investigate every single aspect of what goes before it (particularly when it's noncontroversial; investigation that does happen is often done informally, and it seems unlikely that anyone would object to that line because it's utterly uncontroversial here), and because an H.Res. is not actually binding in any way (it is not a law, nor can it become a law, nor is it intended to be anything more than an expression of opinion by the House). The committee markup itself has no text transcript I can find; the video record is at the Committee on Foreign Affairs's website. At first glance, it seems like the meeting was roughly pro forma, and the resolution was amended and reported back by unanimous consent. Update: I listened to pretty much the whole thing; it has no real debate of substance, since they weren't handling anything controversial. 

You can judge him morally, you can judge him politically, but there's nothing you can do legally, and so there is no "recourse". He has done nothing objectively wrong. In the US, political appointees go much, much lower, well into the mid-level management of all the many organizations. A new administration usually replaces ~4000(!!!) bureaucrats. All the heads of all the government organizations, all the department heads of those organizations, etc. are appointed by the President and serve at the President's discretion. IOW: the President can appoint whomever they want whenever they want for as long (or as short) as they want for any reason whatsoever without owing anyone any explanation of any kind. (Some positions (~1000) require Senate approval, of course.) 

Maybe Trump fired him to stall the investigation. Maybe Comey was recently diagnosed with a brain tumor and asked Trump to fire him to keep this fact private. Maybe Trump genuinely feels that he has someone who can do a better job. Maybe he just throws a set of dice and randomly fires people. It doesn't matter: all of those are legitimate reasons, and he doesn't have to explain anything. Note: The Congressional Record is the official record, not a transcript. It can be amended, and written things can be put straight in the record if no one objects. But that tends to be done to add rhetoric, not to remove things (and unlike in some state legislatures, members of Congress cannot change votes after the fact to my knowledge, except in one or two cases in the House where a single member can change their vote for procedural reasons [i.e. they have to be on the winning side to propose some necessary motion, but it's clear what they actually supported]). 

Summary: They don't seem to have been presenting detailed proofs with evidence, because: this is pretty much universally accepted in the US (the idea that it was not Russian-supplied SAMs is generally dismissed as Russian propaganda), and because Congress doesn't always feel the need to formally investigate every single aspect of what goes before it (particularly when it's noncontroversial; investigation that does happen is often done informally, and it seems unlikely that anyone would object to that line because it's utterly uncontroversial here), and because an H.Res. is not actually binding in any way (it is not a law, nor can it become a law, nor is it intended to be anything more than an expression of opinion by the House). 

There is one major exception: when considering confidential information, committees will hold closed sessions so they can discuss classified information without revealing it to the public. This will obviously not be released to you (though it didn't seem to happen in this case), and these meetings will be closed to the public (you can go to normal committee meetings and floor debates; closed meetings are the exception). Each house can also go into secret session, which means that the transcript of the floor meeting (normally in the Congressional Record) is not published (and all spectators are escorted out). This happens very rarely for the House, but more often for the Senate. In this case, the transcript is obviously not available.