The English right and responsibility to bear arms had never been unlimited. In the 17th century, Catholics were forbidden to bear arms. In reality, nobody cared unless a rumor went around that they were stockpiling arms. Similarly, the American colonies made arms mandatory for all but slaves and Indians, who were forbidden to have them, although slaves often used firearms, which were a common tool like a shovel on the frontier. Rich people in England wanted hunting reserved for them. For this reason, they got rules made specifying a minimum income that you needed in order to be allowed to have arms. There were restrictions on handguns and crossbows, which were compact enough to be concealed, and were often used by highwaymen. Guns a full yard long were OK. 

Could Truman really have been ignorant of the fact that Hiroshima was a city? Is there evidence as to whether he was misled on this point by Stimson? Is there evidence that he was lying in these statements? Or that he was engaging in self-deception to salve his conscience? 

The south-eastern US had a slave economy for a long time, and the US retained slavery for much longer than, e.g., the UK. Swing music and swing dancing peaked in popularity around World War II. The war made it difficult to assemble a big band, and there were musicians' strikes in 1942 and 1948. A lot of jazz also started to become less danceable; this started with bebop and continued with Coltrane and West Coast Jazz. 

However, it's true that the US has the world's highest incarceration rate and very long prison sentences, which makes it unusual compared to the typical western democracy. There are the following unusual social factors in the US that have affected how criminal justice played out here: Supposedly he only found out it was a city when they got reports from Japanese of 200,000 dead. In some ways the institution may have become less humane. In the colonial period, slaves were often allowed to learn to read, and were sometimes even encouraged to do so (so that they could read the Bible), but were usually forbidden to learn to write. However, after Nat Turner's revolt in 1831 there was a wave of legislation imposing more strict limits on the education of slaves. It seems fairly straightforward to me, and I don't think there's any need to invoke a shadowy role for the military-industrial complex. The war was fought for very clear political reasons. In WWII, the US made an alliance of convenience with the USSR. After the war, there was an almost instant pivot to anticommunism and the cold war. 1949, who lost China? The Hungarian uprising of 1956. Alger Hiss, McCarthy and Nixon. Domino theory. World politics viewed through the lens of WW II, with a focus on the need to stand up against tyrants. Given all of this well-established history of the overwhelming political impetus behind the cold war, it seems hard to imagine how Kennedy could not have committed the US to a fateful entanglement in Vietnam. 

And in his August 9 radio address, he said: There was a trend toward disco and vacuous pop music. It's hard to say whether this was a cause or an effect, but anyway the ethos of disco was all about hedonism, which was different from the values of the hippie counterculture. 

Number 3 means that there is much less emphasis on social harmony in the US than there is in cultures like Japan's. Crime is glorified in our popular culture. E.g., young men "sag" their pants, and this is a style that originated in prisons, where prisoners weren't allowed to have belts for security reasons. Starting in 1776 and continuing through the end (!) of the Civil War, there was a gradual evolution in the institution of slavery in the US. Some of the changes could possibly be described as making slavery more "humane," although that's not necessarily the word I'd use. Over the last 30 years crime rates in the US have gone down, for reasons that sociologists can't definitively explain. (E.g., one theory is that many young men used to steal a car as their first significant crime, but that more recently high-tech anti-theft measures have made that harder to do.) However, our prison population has continued to grow because of long sentences and the continuing demand for illegal drugs. The peak in crime 30 years ago was the cause of a law-and-order reaction that has persisted to this day. That reaction has included determinate sentencing and "three-strikes" laws (meaning that a person who commits three felonies gets a life sentence, with the third felony in one well known case being as trivial as stealing a piece of pizza). The US has jury trials due to our heritage of English common law, but juries are required to vote whether or not to convict someone of a crime without knowing in advance whether a conviction would result in a very long determinate prison sentence.