As a catholic, I deny that God delayed his action to save Humankind, because God implemented actions to save Mankind before Jesus. Two are Noah being saved by the ark from the deluge, and Moses receiving the law at Mt. Sinai as the testament of God's original covenant with his chosen people. God's salvific action in the suffering, death, resurrection, and ascension of Jesus, should be viewed as the most recent in string of actions intended to save human kind. God did not delay his action, rather, when a previous action failed, he instituted another. The real distinction here is that for one who subscribes to the Tridentine Roman Catholic understanding, after the consecration, what looks, tastes, feels, and smells like bread isn't what it looks, tastes, feels, or smells like, but instead is something else entirely, the Body of Christ. There is no bread there because the bread has been replaced by Jesus so that it is Jesus, but looks like bread. But this contradicts Jesus' own teaching in John 6:48, 51, because if Jesus is the living bread, and there is no bread there, Jesus cannot be there either. To the parents, relatives and special benefactors, who take part in the Mass of a newly ordained priest. Is this an accepted Catholic belief? Popes might validly succeed each other if and only if they have proper apostolic succession (i.e they are validly consecrated bishops). This is why Stephen II is not considered a pope. ...but any human person seems unlikely as a suitable foundation for the whole church of Jesus on the earth... why does the Catholic Church adhere to this point of view? What is the reason that the CC adheres to this idea that Peter could be the foundation for the whole church of Jesus? Invalid: Mass performed without proper form, matter or intention. Or an attempt at priestly ordination of women. Please note that all invalid sacraments are Illicit. In consequence of a Special Privilege of Grace from God, Mary was free from every personal sin during her whole life. - Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma by Ludwig Ott The following is a complete list of the translations of the Sacred Scriptures that have received the approval of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops since 1983 src: Mary is the Queen of Universe because Christ is the King of Universe. But the Lord said to Samuel, “Do not look on his appearance or on the height of his stature, because I have rejected him. For the Lord sees not as man sees: man looks on the outward appearance, but the Lord looks on the heart.” (1 Samuel 16:7) Is the unnatural rise of saint only a side-effect, or it was meant this way? Why? In Gospels In Acts In New testament No other apostles has this unique mission of leading the Apostles/early Church as evident in the Bible. Why does the Catholic church have so many Masses throughout the week? First part of every Mass always starts with Readings from the bible. This is called the Liturgy of the Word. (Priests are required to read prayers from the bible three times a day. This is called divine office. Along with the Mass, divine office is the only public prayer of the Catholic Church) There were women priests in other religion. So it wold not be a scandal if he did ordain women. Also priests are at mass in Persona Christi, so it would be proper for them to resemble Christ in body too. During adult baptism, same question is asked directly to the person (src: Rite for baptism of adults). Note that during an infant baptism, the Parents and Godparents reply 'I do'. They are responding in the place of the Child. This rite is repeated on every Easter vigil too. Why then didn't Mary qualify to be our savior instead of Jesus? The correct bible that a Catholic is supposed to use is the Latin Vulgate Bible. That is the official bible of the Catholic Church. That is the one which is used in papal masses. Communion under Both Kinds article at Catholic Encyclopedia has answer to both of your questions So the reasons Anglo-catholics (or at least the Anglo-catholic authoring this answer) do not come together with those who profess the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome, is that there are several areas where there is great difference of opinion about matters of the Faith and the Church. I would also note that since the changes in Roman Catholic theology that have occurred since World War II, (used, not because I mean to suggest that war had much to do with the changes in theology itself, but mainly because it provides a convenient marker for the period of time), and especially since the second Vatican council, do seem to make the differences between Anglo-catholics on the one hand, and Catholics, on the other, at least seem less than they once did. These elements have been interpreted in different ways by different architects, and by different theological emphases of various Christian groups, at different times, and in different places, taking to account local materials and customs.