Then, to make universal quantification look just like infinite products of zeros and ones, it works out best if "Is this true of all zero of these things" is answered True, the equivalent of 1 and not with the more obvious False. It doesn't, in fact, matter, because if you wanted to act on this fact, it would tell you something only about nothing. And discussions of the properties of nothing are already conflict-ridden jokes. This can be used as a basis for a general theory of learning via emotional adaptation, where we are evolved to incorporate reason from outside sources to exactly the degree we do not already have it. So when apparently effective external causes escape our ability to explain them, they become part of our understanding, instead. Like most questions about word meanings, this answer depends on the community of users. This is one of Kant's Antinomies. We cannot shake the notion that things that exist, came to be. Nor can we accept that before the first thing that came to be there really was nothing. One way of looking at it is that logic (the handling of words or meaning, in origin) is about form, and reason (the handling of considerations or concerns, in origin) is about content. Cantor's is only one way of looking at sets and containment. And even it, from a point of view like Goedel-Bernays-VonNeuman set theory this result only declares that the class of all sets is not a set, not that it does not exist. Variants of this solution provide models of mathematics that allow for a set of all sets (or at least a class of al classes, or a category of all categories), but they must sacrifice either some applications of negation or severely limit the degree to which self-reference makes sense in order to evade paradoxes like Russell's. As much as we would like to believe otherwise, logic, like science is descriptive not formative. Science does not tell us what is going on, it captures the information from observations of what tends to go on. Logic is of the same cloth. As in applied science, the best logic is the one for which the intended purpose is as close as possible to the source from which it derives. This is a false dichotomy which falls apart under a little introspection. In attempts to contrast reason with emotion, we are confusing the message with its medium. Cognitive dissonance experiments themselves seem to indicate that whatever behavior we exhibit that cannot be explained rationally to ourselves becomes part of our future reason, usually in the form of perceptual bias. If we work harder than expected and are not paid more we retroactively find the work more pleasant or more meaningful than if we were paid more (see Festinger). Boot camp and hazing create a sense of duty. Seemingly perversely, removing the threat of punishment makes people feel unsafe (see studies of early Naval discipline, of the aftermath of Stockholm syndrome, and of the domestically abused), because we internalize compliance as a value when we answer to authority in defiance of our own logic. Habit becomes logic the same way logic becomes habit. So we have no choice but to act from emotion, which has been trained by experience, and therefore incorporates reason. They are layers in a mediated system, with reason relying upon emotion for its acquisition and enforcement. (So dualizing twice, you can get a coincidence: (a in A) => (a in B) == A <= B == worldsWhere(a in A) >= worldsWhere(a in B) )