It appears that it is entirely proper to fly other flags alongside the Union Flag, including the flag of the EU. Why this is not done may be a reflection of the UK's relative Euroscepticism. UPDATE 24 Jan '13: The Queen and Price of Wales (the heir to the throne) also have to give their consent to bills which relate "to royal powers and the interests of the Crown and the Duchy of Cornwall", and this must be done during the bill's passage through Parliament. (Incidentally, it appears he's not alone in this...) Whether or not party X go so far as to team up with another party, Labour would remain in government until either they lost a confidence vote, or a general election was called (either by a 2/3 majority of the Commons, or 5 years after the last election). As to the specific matter of the Article 50 debate, this article from UCL's Constitution Unit attempts to answer the question, "What will the Lords do with the Article 50 bill?", and demonstrates the very nuanced relationship between the Lords and the government. The list of local elections for 2016 shows examples of all three systems. The role of the House of Lords is to: However, the underlying issue is the same: in countries and states which have this system of government, where the head of state is expected to exercise what limited powers he or she has only on the advice of the government, when he or she doesn't, it can result in any of: fierce debate, governmental paralysis, fresh elections, a change in the constitution, the removal of the head of state (or the head of the head of state), or civil war. In the UK and other constitutional monarchies, as well as in a number of Commonwealth countries and their constituent states, constitutional convention dictates that the Queen (or equivalent in other countries and states) is required to assent to bills presented to him or her after they have been agreed to by the legislature. For example, in 2010 Gordon Brown stayed as PM for 5 days after the election, until it became clear that the Conservatives and LibDems had the numbers for a coalition. The LibDems did also have talks with Labour about forming a coalition, but the numbers didn't add up. No, because a coalition agreement must be exclusive. If small party X pledges to being in a coalition with, say, Labour, there is no way that Labour would allow them to team up with anyone else. (As for why there is this mix of systems: I think that would be a very good question in itself! There doesn't appear to be much of a pattern.) While this may look like the Queen vetoing bills she didn't like, it appears that it was actually the government using a rarely-used power to prevent inconvenient bills from being discussed in Parliament. There is a website for searching the Official Report of debates in Parliament (Hansard). In particular, there is an index of bills which have been mentioned in Parliament, including an entry for references to the Freedom of Information Bill (and other bills of that name). If party X break this agreement, Labour would lose their votes - but party X would lose all their influence, along with any chance of their policies being turned into law. Note that the current government stays in place until either the PM feels that she has enough votes to stay in government (whether as a coalition, or as a minority government with some kind informal agreement with other parties), or it become obvious that another party or coalition has the votes. Though no party has a majority in the House of Lords, it rarely blocks government legislation. Instead, one of its key purposes is to scrutinise legislation in a less hurried fashion than often happens in the House of Commons. This covers everything except debates in Commons Public Bill Committees, which have their own index page. I've been unable to find out where this photo was taken, so cannot guarantee it was on "home soil". It is notable that when the PM does press briefings at 10 Downing Street, he normally has two Union Flags behind him. Some councils are elected in halves, with elections for half the seats every 2 years. Where it does disagree with the Commons (and hence the government), it is much more likely to request that the other house think again, rather than issue a blunt rejection.