Some believed that being close to over-pressure events (artillery, etc) could cause a head injury with the large helmet being force up and the tough leather strap breaking the neck. This was supported by more than one army regiment actually giving written orders to their men to not buckle up. 

If your enemy has notice of your approach and are on your side of the river, they can cross the river first, and then use verse 4 against you. If your enemy is on the far side of the river, and they have notice of your approach, they can deny your attack. If they don't have time to cross, they can use the river as a defense against encirclement (verse 3). Finally, one of the biggest reasons, directly related to the weight (did I say it is VERY heavy?) was that a soldier would want to remove it whenever and wherever possible, as soon as possible. Figuring that soldiers, even those in the front lines, spend most of their time not actually fighting, but standing, sitting, waiting, marching, being trucked here and there, would tire of constantly doing and undoing the pain in the ass d-ring connections. 

Others believed that an enemy soldier could sneak up behind, in hand-to-hand combat, and use the leverage of the helmets front lip with the strap and break the neck using the back edge. 

Having worn a 'steel pot' in my earliest army time, I will say the number one thing about it, by far is it is heavier than any other hat I ever wore on my head. When running, whether or not the chin strap was properly fastened, that pot would rock forward and back and side to side, taking my head with it, such that I was forced to use a hand to keep it in place regardless of the strap! Now, considering that the original strap was just a strip of some material that was itchy and scratchy, I can easily understand why soldiers wouldn't want it done up. Even the later straps, like I used, made of nylon and cotton webbing, would be quite the sweat magnet and end up very rough. In fact, Russia had no navy until the time of Peter the Great (1690s). Even then, it was far behind the fleets of Britain and France in the 18th century. 

The "Charge of the Light Brigade" is nowadays considered an exercise in heroic futility, but at the time it was treated as an epic. It succeeded on its own terms, the Brigade overran the guns, but charged the wrong ones. It was held up as an example of British heroism that led to mindless (infantry) charges in the First World War, at least up to Passchendaele. 

Sometimes the "amnesty" was offered before the criminals were caught. The British (and other countries) did this in the 17th and 18th century with pirates. Provided that they agreed not to attack ships of their own country, such people were given letters of pardon that immunized them from punishment for attacking the ships of OTHER countries. That process turned "pirates" into "privateers." 

The Carthaginian cavalry led the Romans away on a chase-about, but the more numerous Carthaginian infantry got somewhat the better of the Roman infantry. At just the time they were about to make this advantage felt, the Roman cavalry returned and took the Carthaginian infantry in the rear, completing the Roman victory. This happened exactly at the "psychological moment," shortly after the Carthaginian third line had joined the infantry attack. Earlier, they had been held in reserve, and could have been "turned" to face the Roman cavalry. Some believed that being close to over-pressure events (artillery, etc) could cause a head injury with the large helmet being force up and the tough leather strap breaking the neck. This was supported by more than one army regiment actually giving written orders to their men to not buckle up. 

Finally, one of the biggest reasons, directly related to the weight (did I say it is VERY heavy?) was that a soldier would want to remove it whenever and wherever possible, as soon as possible. Figuring that soldiers, even those in the front lines, spend most of their time not actually fighting, but standing, sitting, waiting, marching, being trucked here and there, would tire of constantly doing and undoing the pain in the ass d-ring connections. 

If your enemy has notice of your approach and are on your side of the river, they can cross the river first, and then use verse 4 against you. If your enemy is on the far side of the river, and they have notice of your approach, they can deny your attack. If they don't have time to cross, they can use the river as a defense against encirclement (verse 3). If the river is a barrier, you can be hemmed in against it. If your enemy is the one hemmed in, they also have a defense on at least one side, preventing you from surrounding them. The ACTUAL ending of the war was the Battle of New Orleans, January 8, 1815 (news traveled slowly in those days, so neither side knew that the war had ended). It was a complete, lopsided victory for the defending American forces, under General Andrew Jackson that helped catapult him to the Presidency. The British suffered some 2000 casualties (one fourth of their total), including the commanding general Edward Pakenham. Sometimes the "amnesty" was offered before the criminals were caught. The British (and other countries) did this in the 17th and 18th century with pirates. Provided that they agreed not to attack ships of their own country, such people were given letters of pardon that immunized them from punishment for attacking the ships of OTHER countries. That process turned "pirates" into "privateers." 

Grant received reinforcements of 28,000 on the second day, his own "lost" division under General Lew Wallace (future author of Ben Hur) and three divisions of a supporting army under Don Carlos Buell, and won the battle the second day. 

In fact, Russia had no navy until the time of Peter the Great (1690s). Even then, it was far behind the fleets of Britain and France in the 18th century. 

The Carthaginians had more infantry, the Romans more cavalry, but the Carthaginians hoped to turn their elephants to their advantage. This didn't work, because the Roman Scipio, suspecting that the elephants could only charge in a straight line, ordered his men to get out of their way. They couldn't be used in a flanking maneuver that might have hurt the Romans.