As I read this list, Gen. Powell might qualify under 1.17, but if he did not, rule 1(b) prohibits any means under which the definition could be expanded to allow someone who is not already a member or officer to enter. As the first duty of the Speaker is (Rule 1 Section 1) When this site was founded, I suggested that the term "politics" should be defined as: Andrew Johnson was impeached, but the Senate failed to convict by 1 vote. Bill Clinton was impeached, but the Senate failed even to muster a majority. It should also be noted that the House was about to bring articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon, but Nixon resigned first. Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law. And, seeing as Gen. Powell may be a Republican, but openly endorsed a Democrat for the Presidency, all I can say is, "Good luck with that." Being able to see a political system as a neutral observer is useful for gauging the predictable outcomes, but ultimately, there is reason to become smart on this. AS Teddy Roosevelt famously said, it is not the critic that counts, but the man in the arena. The point of politics is simple - people in a society shape the society to further "secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our prosperity". They do this by getting ideas adopted, and hopefully even institutionalized. There is no better measure of influence than that - can you get your ideas implemented? 10 See Jacobson, 197 U.S. at 25 (1905) (Constitutionally granted state police power have been used to protect the public's health since the 19th century in Jacobson v. Massachusetts, where the Supreme Court upheld the authority of states to pass compulsory vaccination laws.). Ossetia, Abkhazia, and Transdnestria (and seems to roll similar way in near future for Donetsk etc...) - Same exact story with Russia replacing USA as external force guarantor. None of them happened in accordance to the laws or the will of original country. Tennessee Constitution prohibits anyone from office who participated in a duel. Too bad! The quote has a storied history (and more complicated by the fact that there are 2 versions of it). 7 Executive Order 13,295 limits the diseases for which individuals may be quarantined to only those diseases included on its list. See Exec. Order No. 13,295, 68 Fed. Reg. 17,255 (Apr. 4, 2003); See also Exec. Order No. 13,375, 70 Fed. Reg. 17,299 (Apr. 1, 2005) (amended Exec. Order No. 13,295 by adding "influenza caused by novel or reemergent influenza viruses that are causing, or have the potential to cause, a pandemic."). Most likely, the following will happen: Clearly, if a branch takes an action (legislative or especially executive), you can not correctly refer to it as "UN-constitutional" until it was challenged in, and reviewed by, the courts and found in violation of Constitution (doesn't stop the people opposing the action using that word, but they are technically incorrect). Article 111: Whenever the Leader becomes incapable of fulfilling his constitutional duties, lacks one of the qualifications mentioned in Articles 5 and 109, or it becomes known that he did not possess some of the qualifications initially, he will be dismissed. The authority to determine this matter is vested with the experts specified in Article 108. In the event of the death, resignation, or dismissal of the Leader, the experts shall take steps within the shortest possible time for the appointment of the new Leader. China puts Xi’s name in constitution. It is strange (for me) to put a politician name in constitution (specially when the politician is not the founder of that Gov.) do you know a similar case in the other countries? Also Assembly of Experts Legislate for Assembly affairs. The point is in your statement: "select the next Supreme Leader if he dies." The Leader is not selected for lifetime; He must have and preserve qualifications and conditions (articles 5 and 109) to remain leader. Assembly of Experts have supervision duty, to check if the Leader qualifies and preserves these conditions; If not he will be dismissed.