It's your daughter who has to decide whether she feels uncomfortable, and whether to address that feeling by confronting the boys in question. It won't do her any good if you solve problems for her that she needs to learn to handle herself. I think the way forward shouldn't be to "take away the internet" - you can't possibly do this. He can get on a friend's wifi hotspot, on free wifi hotspots, can use the internet at school etc. So this is just a punishmet that won't cure the problem (to keep him from taking nude pictures of himself, you'd have to remove his access to a camera - e.g. take away his phone - this wouldn't be foolproof either, but much more effective). He really can't keep you from living your own life, and if you make clear to him that you realize this, he might turn away from trying to make you do things you don't want to do, and instead focus on helping you reach your own goals. P.S. "My daughter stopped talking to him. It took him a month to apologize." "She ignored him for about a month and he eventually apologized." You might be seeing your daughter through rose-colored glasses, as this is not the behavior of one who "cares deeply about the feeling of others". They both sound like normal teenagers. No need to look to label his behavior more than hers. But as I said, she has a right to distance herself from whomever she decided to. If you live in the US, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) webpage and hotline can also be a source of good information. Since your son hasn't had a job yet, he's not likely to get one tomorrow, so he'll need some time. Decide how much longer you can reasonably tolerate his behavior, and set this up as a starting point for your new expectations. Sit down and have a talk with him as soon as possible outlining your new expectations; know he's likely to test them and be ready to hear a lot of blame-shifting. It doesn't matter what anyone else is doing; these are your expectations. Tell him that in n months (say, 3-6), he needs to have a job working at least x number of hours (40 hours - [verifiable hours spent in class X 3]) a week - even if that means two part-time jobs - and he needs to pay you x pounds per month for rent, and pay for half of his food. Set a reasonable (bare bones) clothing allowance, and tell him this will be all the money he gets. In (6-12?) months, his room and board will be (full, decent and fair rent and utilities, all food), and his gas and part of the insurance (whatever) for the car, and no more clothing allowance. Give her feedback on her social media use What you can do for starters is to tell her that you want to see what she's doing on her social media accounts, and that this is the condition for her getting internet access at home. Then take some time now and then to let her show you what she's posting on Facebook and other social media accounts (Instagram, Snapchat and WhatsApp have mostly replaced Facebook for teens, btw) and discuss it with her. It's your daughter who has to decide whether she feels uncomfortable, and whether to address that feeling by confronting the boys in question. It won't do her any good if you solve problems for her that she needs to learn to handle herself. This doesn't just apply to bullying, by the way - you're dealing with a microcosm of what liberal societies expect from adults. It's very important to teach your daughter that she's not forced into action or inaction by external forces, but by her own decisions, and that therefore she is responsible for them. You can't teach that by removing her ability to act wrongly.