In your example, the closer qualifies for the save since he satisfies all 4 conditions. The reliever who came on in the 6th and pitched 3 innings cannot qualify for the save since he was not the finishing pitcher. 

(c) He is credited with at least 1/3 of an inning pitched; and 

In baseball, if you are trailing late in the game, you can employ various strategies to try to increase your chances of scoring a run. Some of these include the following: 

If you are leading late in the game, you can employ various strategies to try to decrease the chances of the other team scoring a run. Some of these include the following: 

(d) He satisfies one of the following conditions: 

The official scorer shall credit a pitcher with a save when such pitcher meets all four of the following conditions: 

If a runner is on first base, keep your first baseman on the bag to allow for pickoff attempts. This will prevent the runner from having a huge lead making it easier to steal second base. 

The first is if less than half of a baseball game (four and a half innings) is played, then the game is canceled and a completely new make up game is scheduled. That, I can follow. 

The "natural" choice is C (only one game to play). I can't see anyone choosing B (worst of both worlds). 

The game (Pittsburgh vs. St. Louis) is in extra innings. Pittsburgh leads 2-1, having scored a run in the top of the twelfth. Pittsburgh has a right handed reliever, Rhadames Liz, who gets "one on and one out" against two right handed batters. It's down to the last two outs. 

In poker, there is a large advantage to being last, and seeing what other people have done. For instance, if you are "last" with a mediocre hand, and have observed other people betting timidly (or not at all), you might bet to steal the pot. If others have "raised" each others' bets, you might "fold" and let the stronger hands fight it out. If you were first to go with the same, mediocre hand, you would have to bet (or not) without knowing what others wanted to do. 

This leaves us with the other three sports: 

I stated in a comment on @Coach-D's post that I played NCAA baseball and we used to scrimmage the women basketball team at our school. They had some players that were taller than our players, and they were more fundamentally sound than we were. We would regularly beat them, and beat them easily. 

As for the stretch, it is used to deter the other teams runners from stealing a base. If the pitcher was in the windup, as soon as he started his windup the runners can steal. If the pitchers stops his windup that would be a balk with runners on base. He can still pick from the windup by stepping off with his foot that is on the rubber. (RHP would step off with his right foot and vice versa for a LHP.) 

When a batter gets 4 balls they take first base, forced runners advance safely 

If the defense runs a hidden ball trick on a base runner and gets him out, how would it be officially scored? How about a scenario: