Are there any provisions in the United States Constitution, or other U.S. laws or regulations, that specifically prohibit—or otherwise preclude—the president from appointing him- or herself to the Supreme Court? 

The passive sentence ends there (without a "by" clause), so it puts focus on all of the "requiring" that "Article Two" is doing, without having to commit to who's doing the nominating (President), confirming (Senate), or appointing (President). Worse, I misread it, getting that the Article itself (or the Constitution) was authorizing the appointment; I actually remember thinking at the time that that was kind of weird. 

Anyway... I should have simply checked the Constitution itself. But it can be tedious to read, due to its exuberant use of embedded clauses. So here's the the actual text of Article 2, Section 1.7, with the excess clauses excised to focus on the relevant issue. I also added a set of parentheses indicating my interpretation of the remaining clause structure: 

The title of my question did not capture my original intent, which was to focus on holding both jobs at the same time. Since that intent was generally understood, I will award the "selected answer" accordingly. 

One possible consideration: At a minimum, since this would likely necessitate some overlap where the person has these two jobs at the same time, is it permissible for any single person to receive multiple paychecks from the Federal government on a given payday? 

Pretty simple question actually. I'm just wondering which President was the most overturned statistically at the Supreme Court since FDR? 

The law nor the ethical code don't specify that a blind trust is mandatory. However, most lawyers view it as a practical way to deal with the provisions of this code spec (the parent of the one above): 

Presidential picks that require Senate confirmation will not be reviewed and voted upon by the Senate until the new Senate and President are sworn in. White House nominations and appointments are recorded here White House 

Darcy is therefore a political appointee of Barack Obama, and the Department of the Army most certainly is not considered an independent agency Link (Wiki), but rather part of the federal executive departments, and therefore falls under the President's direct chain of command as both Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces and titular head of the Executive Branch according to Article 2, section 2 and 1 of the Constitution, respectively. While she has enough authority to make the decision, it easily could have come from anyone in her chain of command up to including the President. 

Nominating Lower Court Justices Both the Federal District Court Judges Wiki, and the Federal Appellate Court Justices Wiki are considered Article III Judges, even though the District judges were created by Congress, as opposed to the Constitution. They are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate for life terms. 

[W]henever a particular statute contravenes the Constitution, it will be the duty of the judicial tribunals to adhere to the latter and disregard the former. 

A blind trust virtually guarantees accordance with this provision. Rather than evaluating every policy, action, and statement the President may or will make, some of which could be very tangential and give the optic of corruption, all modern day Presidents have opted for the simple convenience of the Blind Trust. 

The Constitution doesn't actually define what "other high crimes and misdemeanors" means. The historical sense is that it basically means, kind of, serious political crimes, sort of crimes against the state, crimes that involve abuse of office, abuse of power, abuse of trust. 

I am not interested in the actual details, only that there is a doubt coming from the some professionals about the mental health of the President. Of course, without proper professional evaluation, everything can be regarded as speculation. 

According to this article, there seem to be a debate about Trump's mental health: 

So, nothing about mental illness. 

I assume that mental health assessment is harder to be objectively performed, as opposed to physical one, which deals with clear intervals of normality, but I think that many aspects reached scientific consensus and can be used. 

Question: is there a legal way that can be used to force the President of United States to undergo a mental health examination? 

Although driving a car (is done by one person) is very different from running a country (an entire staff exists), one could argue that running a country is by far more complex. 

So now, the question that's raised is whether this designation of Chief Executive as "appointer" is simply a mysterious formality, versus it possibly introducing tangible or even substantial effects. 

For the purposes of this question, we can assume the Chief Executive is a judge or lawyer and ostensibly qualified to serve as a Supreme Court Justice. 

Anyway... I should have simply checked the Constitution itself. But it can be tedious to read, due to its exuberant use of embedded clauses. So here's the the actual text of Article 2, Section 1.7, with the excess clauses excised to focus on the relevant issue. I also added a set of parentheses indicating my interpretation of the remaining clause structure: 

One possible consideration: At a minimum, since this would likely necessitate some overlap where the person has these two jobs at the same time, is it permissible for any single person to receive multiple paychecks from the Federal government on a given payday? 

Are there any provisions in the United States Constitution, or other U.S. laws or regulations, that specifically prohibit—or otherwise preclude—the president from appointing him- or herself to the Supreme Court? 

[edit: correction] From the comments, @phoog points out that, in fact, after Senate confirmation, it is the duty of the President to formally make the appointment. My mistake in the above was to use information from Wikipedia, which currently states: 

The title of my question did not capture my original intent, which was to focus on holding both jobs at the same time. Since that intent was generally understood, I will award the "selected answer" accordingly. 

The passive sentence ends there (without a "by" clause), so it puts focus on all of the "requiring" that "Article Two" is doing, without having to commit to who's doing the nominating (President), confirming (Senate), or appointing (President). Worse, I misread it, getting that the Article itself (or the Constitution) was authorizing the appointment; I actually remember thinking at the time that that was kind of weird.