This last was also politically significant since it threatened to undermine the Treaty of Gisors, and Philip used this as a reason/excuse to return to France in order to settle the succession in Flanders. Obviously, this meant breaking the vow that he had taken when he took up the cross, and Richard was characteristically blunt about it: Town charters were a development of the High Middle Ages, and defined the privileges enjoyed by towns in Europe. Often, these charters explicitly established law courts to allow legal disputes to be settled quickly. Charters would also usually establish trade guilds in towns which maintained their own system of courts. Richard also left his kingdom in generally competent hands (with the notable exception of his brother John). England faced no external threats during Richard's reign. His wars with Philip were conducted in France, and William was on very good terms with his northern neighbour, William the Lion of Scotland. For most people in England, this was a period of peace and stability - even if they were subject to high taxes. So, in their case, "post-medieval" is defined rather differently! (I'm sure you've detected a theme by now) Before I attempt to explain further I'd like to add an important caveat in regard to terminology: As Protector to the young king, it was William Marshal who led the king's armies and defeated Louis and the rebel barons. In the particular case of John Duns Scotus, we know relatively little about him apart from his work, and the fact that he was a friar. As a member of a religious order and an academic, he would probably have lived mainly in religious houses and so been protected from most overt hostility. Philip and John spent the rest of the year in a series of attempts to bribe Henry VI to extend Richard's captivity (or even to hand him over to them!). They failed, and Richard was released in February 1194. Philip wrote to John Saying: It's not much of a record of a life, but, then again, William Adelin was just 17 years old when he died. He never ascended to the throne, and lived his life in the shadow of his father. I'll try to answer without writing book. Let's start with Richard I. Establishing an exact date for the start of the Reformation is problematic, as noted above. When I was a student, it was common to choose 1540 as the transition date. However, many archaeologists and historians prefer to opt for the end of the Plantagenet dynasty (at the Battle of Bosworth), which can be firmly dated to 1485, as an end date for the medieval period in England. Already, in January 1192, Philip had presented documents to William FitzRalph, Richard’s Seneschal in Normandy, claiming the the lands that Richard had received as Alice's dowry were to be returned to Philip. FitzRalph and the other Norman barons had recognised the documents to be forgeries, and rejected Philip's demands. So, I think we can reasonably conclude that life was much more comfortable for the king than it was for the swineherd! Richard Returns to Normandy ==================================== (Taking the higher figure of £22,000 for the king's income at the end of the reign would mean that the king's income was about 8,500 times that of the unskilled labourer, and 56,774 times that of the swineherd. That is still an order of magnitude smaller than the figures you found for today). Thus the income of the king was 4,320,000 pennies per year. Compare this with Richard's treatment of William Marshal, and even of John himself. Despite this, some news of Bacon's research and discoveries would have been transmitted by word-of-mouth and by letters. That news certainly travelled all across Europe, for we know that Pope Clement IV requested a copy of Bacon's work. A copy of his Opus Majus, was sent to the Pope in Rome in 1267. In the context of the United Kingdom, the medieval period ended with the dissolution of the monasteries and the Reformation, so "post-medieval" simply means "after the Reformation". However, the Reformation took place over a number of years, so where should we place the dividing line? Yes, monasteries in the medieval period were in fact powerful lords of feudal estates. Philip captured much of Normandy in the campaigns of 1202-1204. Without Richard, John was not up to the task of defending Normandy. He was even less successful in his later attempts to retake the Duchy. The loss of Normandy effectively broke the Angevin Empire and earned John the nickname "John Lackland". The troubadour poet Bertran de Born wrote: The earliest use of opiates that I'm aware of in Europe dates to the Bronze Age. On Crete, excavations of what appear to be "shrines" dating to the Minoan Post-Palace period (1,400 - 1,100BCE) have discovered figurines that Professor Spyridon Marinatos described as the "Poppy Goddess". A careful examination of the poppies confirms that they were the shape and colour of the opium poppy [S. Marinatos, 'The Minoan goddesses of Gazi', Journal of Archaeology (Greece) 1937, Vol. I, pp. 278-291]. In Care and Conservation of Manuscripts: Proceedings of the First International Seminar on the Care and Conservation of Manuscripts Held at the University of Copenhagen 25th-26th April 1994, Ogmundur Helgason observed that: You mentioned the example of the war between the monasteries of Taghmon and Ferns in 817. In that case, Cathal mac Dúnlainge, a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster, allied with the monastery of Taghmon in an attempt to strengthen his position against other kings of Leinster.