In fact, the Wikipedia article explains all of that in a rather clear way in its very first section. 

In fact, in many single parties we see a similar phenomena of aggrupation of different interests (see for examples, references to "left wing" and "right wing" inside a same party, or the internal election systems inside the parties). 

Anyway, in case of success you could not guarantee that there would be no more attempts at terror attacks, but you could trust in more of them being discovered before they are performed and the ones not detected being of a smaller scale. 

I am not sure if I truly understand what is being asked, feel free to correct me if I am off-topic. 

For being part of the EU, EU nationals could move and settle and work freely1 in the UK. There was no way for the UK government to limit that. 

That is the whole issue behind the "no talks before article 50 is invoked" rule. 

Due to the peace agreements, there are two joint "prime ministers" for Northern Ireland, one of them Unionist and the other Nationalist. But the former Unionist PM, Arlene Foster, was involved in a political scandal. 

If talks were allowed, at any time the UK would be able to use the leverage of blocking the internal politics of the EU to get whatever it wanted. 

For the "military-industrial complex" theory, I do not think those operations are lucrative enough to justify a conspiracy theory: some ordenance will be spent, maybe an aircraft or two will get damaged... it will sound like a lot of money if you compare it with your salary, but most likely it will be just peanuts compared with the regular defense spending. 

So, the DUP supporting Theresa May (and Theresa May needing the continued support of the DUP to staty in power) at the very least cast a doubt about the neutrality of the UK government as a mediator. Possibilities (non exclusive): 

Basically, it means that you can: 

It does not mean that other countries have any obligation at all of accepting you2 if they do not want to. 

The confusion comes from EU freedom of movement vs. Schengen area. 

I think the question is meaningless because there is no standard of how "wide" or "narrow" the base of a political party must be, a practical guide to tell us (in the ideological dimension) what a "political party" is and what a "coalition" is. Consider: 

Bombing as a plan to weaken and finally expel Daesh from the territory it holds. Having a "free harbour" where radical Muslims can openly meet and receive training, funds and/or materiel helps in the preparation in terror attacks. Someone training with AK-47 shoting in the outskirts of Paris is bound to attract police attention, which means capture risk and less opportunities for training. Asking people to join you for suicide attacks in Amman is likely to get you denounced to police. Weakening Daesh until it is overrun by Iraq/Kurds/Syria would stop that. 

About the Theresa May article, it does not mean what you say.