Now considering some more exceptional situation, such as when serving in U.S. military during a war, as in the book cover shown below, would Mormons accept communion from military chaplains that may not be Mormons? I would like to ask these questions on this subject: What physical events do Mormons believe will happen before or during the Great Tribulation? In what sense will it be a "Great Tribulation" - is this mostly symbolic or are there spiritual or physical (e.g. economical) reasons that warrant the label "Great Tribulation"? Do Mormons have any official beliefs on how long the Great Tribulation is expected to last? This is a bit of a follow-up question to this other question. 

Or would a Mormon in this case not participate in the communion, or have the communion on their own (or possibly request a Mormon chaplain)? Or has the LDS church accepted man-made additions (out of necessity, tradition, or other reasons) that were not part of first century Christianity? (I want to emphasize "pure restoration" as I am curious if Mormons view the church as having the same liturgy and beliefs as the first century Christians.) One of these is the belief in Trinity due to which, according to the answers to this question and this question, Lutheran/Protestant churches do not view Mormons as Christian. Another difference is the symbols used with the communion, being that Mormons use water instead of wine (as is explained in the answers to this question). 

Is the Heavenly Father the same as Elohim? If not, is Elohim same as Jesus or another person? Is Holy Ghost another individual, a separate person from Heavenly Father? Is Heavenly Mother same as Mary (Jesus earthly mother)? Do Mormons direct their prayers only to Heavenly Father or also to Jesus? 

It is understood that the gift of tongues is given more for the purpose of helping missionaries preach and less as a sign to non-believers. Various accounts of missionaries in the 19th and early 20th century report incidents in which missionaries became temporarily fluent in languages they had struggled with. Although missionaries are still encouraged to pray for the gift of tongues, it is more often expected to come in the form of enhancement of the missionaries' own efforts than evident miraculous display. 1) Perhaps, sometimes. But not commonly or openly, because: This exposition presents four senses in which the God is called the Father. 1) "Father" as literal parent. 2) "Father" as creator 3) Jesus Christ the “Father” of Those Who Abide in His Gospel 4) Jesus Christ the “Father” by Divine Investiture of Authority. The scripture given in Alma, along with others, is cited as supporting the second sense. The fourth sense gives most of the LDS interpretation of New Testament passages regarding the Oneness of the Trinity.