“Wheat from Canada would take at least two months to reach India whereas it could be carried from Australia in 3 to 4 weeks.” Did Churchill expressly refuse to alleviate the famine with food aid, or veto US and Australian offers to send food? Subsequent research has added to the Orde list. Notably, Richard Collier identified some further examples which were included in the list in his 1961 book The Sands of Dunkirk, as did Walter Lord for the list in his 1981 book The Miracle of Dunkirk. Most recently, Russell Plummer has been able to add yet more names to the list included in his 1991 book The Little Ships that Saved An Army. (That property had been purchased by the Norwegian government and would be sold in 1946.) From that point, although it has been claimed that there were more volunteers than there were available planes, interviews with surviving pilots suggest that young pilots were actually forced to fly the suicide missions. Japanese fighter ace, Saburo Sakai, was one experience pilot who claimed that he was forced to fly a kamikaze mission, but failed to locate his target. NKVD did try to fight this, at least on some later stage, and certain number of Soviet soldiers were tried and punished for rape, violence, robbery and murders. EDIT. On the discussion in comments about "when was the world globalized". It is well known that the major source of food for ancient Rome was Egypt. And sometimes this was reason for major wars. Double click on the map and you will see the administrative boundaries within Soviet Union. They are shown like this ----- and these are the boundaries between the "Soviet republics" as of 1939. Visually the pink part which is in the Russian republic of 1939 is about 1/4 to 1/3 of the whole pink part. But the regions occupied by the ethnic Russians is probably 1/5 of the pink area. For these reasons, there was a shortage of food, and they had to introduce rationing. All other cities in the occupied territory shown in this map are in Baltic republics, Belorussia, Ukraine, and Moldowa. Now, there is a strong evidence that Soviet Union was preparing to attack Germany earlier or later, only the timing is disputed. So the oil question was certainly one of the considerations. This kind of massive population exchange had a precedent in the 1920th when a similar thing happened between Greece and Turkey. I do not know any earlier example. Later the same thing happened with newly formed India and Pakistan, and on a smaller scale in many other cases. Why it did not participate earlier, I think it is easy to answer. You "profit" from a world war only if you take the right side. In WWI Turkey (reluctantly) chose the wrong side, and the result was the collapse of the empire. Telling early which side is going to win was difficult, in both world wars. One piece of evidence that is missing from most of the modern claims that Churchill was responsible for the famine is the observation made by the War Cabinet report that the shortages in Bengal had been: What is more, the surviving documents show that Churchill explicitly requested assistance from Australia and from the United States. Summaries of the papers in the Churchill collection are available on the link above. Access to copies of the documents themselves is only available from libraries with a subscription to the collection. It seems unlikely. Additional crew on deck would risk a delay if a crash-dive were required. We have photographic evidence that Harald met, and played with, FDR's dog Fala on at least one occasion. Probably more often in fact. However, as to how well he knew the dog, I'm not sure that was ever recorded by history. By 1943, Halifax bombers attached to 138 Squadron were being used by the Special Operations Executive to drop agents and supplies into Poland.