This is the best strategy against a level 0 player. Limping AJs on the button was probably a mistake (raise), tiny raise with top 2 in a tiny pot was probably a mistake (raise bigger), and calling the all-in is pretty easy in this spot. Against the tightest range we can assign villain in this spot, you are a favorite: 

A redraw generally tends to mean that you have the best hand, and you have a draw to another better hand. In Texas Hold 'Em, the best example would be a set on the flop. If you get all-in against a flush draw, even though they have a draw to a better hand (a flush), you have a re-draw to a hand that can beat their draw (a full house). The term is more useful in an Omaha type game, where 2 players can frequently hold the same hand (e.g. a nut straight), but one can have a redraw to a nut flush or full house. Against a different player who had shown a propensity to make what he considered big laydowns against villain, and has also been seen bluffing late streets. Hero A♠J♠ in HJ raises to 18 behind a couple of limpers, button hems, haws, and calls (he had been doing this often). 2 players in EP call. Flop comes J23 rainbow, one ♠. Hero bets 65 (misclick, meant 60), button hems, haws, and calls again, EP folds. Turn 6♠, Hero bets 100, button shoves for his remaining 70, hero calls and spikes a J against KK. 

You are behind AA, possibly with a redraw to a flush if he doesn't have the A♠, behind QQ with a redraw, and you have the rest crushed. His AK and AQ hands can't be flushes yet. Adding AsJs strengthens his range, but as long as his JJ and AK/AQ hands bluff the flush card, 

When to use a high-value range Against loose-passive opponents, who will play most hands and take them to the river, you will want to play high-value hands. Since these players can't be bluffed, you need hands that can get to showdown and win. Your "high value" range can expand to include some medium hands depending on how light opponents will call down (if they call down with any pair, hands that make second pair can be played profitably), but it will not include low value hands. The Traveling Button is one method of dealing with the button or small blind getting up before the next hand. It is occasionally used in cash games. 

I think my betsizing was a bit small here. I do well on the flop (IMO), but I think that in general, I tend to go too small on the turn. I end up leaving > a PSB on the river for both of us.