You seem to claim that something that cannot be verified empirically is beyond the understanding of science and probably not useful. (Of course, there are philosophers, and especially metaphysicians, that work on those questions. Some think that mathematics can be verified empirically, see for example Maddy) I can't conceive a round square, therefore, round squares are impossible. 

Individual: the red apple. It does not instantiate anything. In the ontology of someone believing in individuals (nominalists), there are no abstract things as properties, just individuals, and there are red individuals, blue individuals etc. The predicate just describes an individual, but does not denote an object. 

I can conceive a junk world, therefore, priority monism is false. 

Furthermore, I don't think that your claim is true in the first place. Science, for example theoretical physics, makes claims that are not empirically verifiable (at least not yet). Example: Theoretical Physics makes assumptions about what is in a black hole, but it is impossible for us to go into a black hole and make our observations. But theoretical physics is still useful I'd say. Further, Kant argues about a barrier beyond which nothing can be known. Analogously, Wittgenstein argues about a barrier beyond which nothing can be said. Here how it is put in the Catholic Encyclopedia article on universals: 

Wittgenstein's Tractatus is said to be Kantian because it shares an abstract theoretical structure which we identify as typically Kantian. Kant's metaphysics is based on broadly epistemological premises (the nature of experience, of concepts, of judgments, etc) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. Analogously, The Tractatus' metaphysics is based on linguistic premises (the nature of linguistic meaning) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. Still, logical positivism was a popular philosophy between WWI and WWII, and it did apparently influence some scientists to some extent, in the direction of behaviorism and instrumentalism. And there has been some talk about impediments causes by scientists being, for a while, too impressed with the strictures of logical positivism. For example, here is what Nobel prize laureate physicist Steven Weinberg said in a 2015 interview on the history of physics: 

Trope: a trope is a particularized property. This apples redness for example. The tropes of this apple of course differ from the tropes of that apple. Particular: a thing without properties. It has to instantiate universals(properties) in order to have a shape, a color, a taste etc. Individual: the red apple. It does not instantiate anything. In the ontology of someone believing in individuals (nominalists), there are no abstract things as properties, just individuals, and there are red individuals, blue individuals etc. The predicate just describes an individual, but does not denote an object. 

(Of course, there are philosophers, and especially metaphysicians, that work on those questions. Some think that mathematics can be verified empirically, see for example Maddy) 

I can conceive a junk world, therefore, priority monism is false. 

One branch of metaphysics is modality. Something is science, you seem to suggest, if it makes verifiable claims. Which is just to say that it has to be possible to verify it. The nature of possibility belongs in the realm of metaphysics. And working on modality helps us to pin down what is verifiable and what is not. If that is your demarcationline between science and non-science, working on metaphysics is useful. When can we truly say of something to be conceivable? What are its necessary and sufficient conditions? Is it like imagining? Is it just being consistent with everything we know? How many people have to conceive something in order for it to be conceivable?