Put another way, if this amendment were to pass, we'd have a mob and not a Congress. (Hecklers, I hear you.) 

McCain, in particular, is by just about any measure, a maverick. That said, he isn't alone. In The Measure of a Maverick, Henry Brighouse writes: The Congressional Session approving the results of the Electoral College will occur on January 6, 2013. See here. This answer was written on January 2, and as such, it has not yet occurred. 

That the House adopts these rules is a duty found in the Constitution, Article I, Section 5: 

Let's say that you are concerned about how the schools are being run. Your federal representatives are powerless to affect the school board. Indeed, about the only control that a Congressman has is the ability to affect funding for College loans. (Okay, if he calls the school board, he's got some influence because of his position - but no power.) I can't tell you the amount of mail your Congressman gets about things he has absolutely no influence over. The only response he can give you is "Talk to the right people." See this article in Lifehacker for dealing with local officials. You'll note their first piece of advice: Make sure you are hitting up the right person! You can call your federal representatives and Senators by dialing the Capitol Switchboard. (I still remember the number!) 

So, no. There is not a "one-stop" submit. (Okay, there isn't an official one, but there probably isn't a good one.) If you want to copy the text and email, knock yourself out. But you really should be asking yourself, why would I want to send the same anonymous rant to everyone in the first place? The "constitutional crisis" that would ensue would most likely follow a very predictable trajectory. SCOTUS would need to reconcile the two, and the above paper would be brought up. The originalists would point to this paper and say that the 1911 Act was probably more in keeping with what the founders meant by the amendment, and then everybody would figure out a compromise. With the prospect looming of fitting nearly 1700+ members into the Capitol and 435 Congressmen fearing they'll lapse into irrelevance, "something" would get done - but then you get so hypothetical that is would be nearly impossible to determine. It provides for such things as: When a bil dies in committee, it does so because there is nothing that pushes it to the floor. This can happen for several reasons, and the reason will dictate what more information is available. Technically, there is no rule in the Constitution or the rules of the House that requires the Speaker to be a member of Congress, but the tradition predates the Constitution itself. According to this source, 

At the beginning of each session, the House of Representatives agrees to the Rules of the House (link) which proscribe the conditions under which a bill can be brought to the floor, and the rules by which a bill is adopted. It is not unlike the famous Robert's Rules of Order, governing the procedure that a body will use to govern itself. Of course, Gen. Powell is no longer Secretary of State, so this no longer applies. Instead, as a private person, the question is, "Does the Speaker need to be an elected member in his own right?" Traditionally, of course, it would be unprecedented. But, I think the case can be made that it is also not allowed. Let's say that you have a federal issue that you care about. The House and the Senate have to have similar but separate bills. Yes, you can write both of your senators the same note, but saying, "Please support HR-3285" (A House Bill) is completely non-sensical. Senators vote on bills in the Senate, Congressmen vote on bills in the house. All this to say, a procedural vote must be analyzed in the context of the bill it is meant to advance. Typically most procedural votes are little more than tests of party loyalty, and the "way to vote" will be obvious by the partisan spread it is evidenced by. You can easily locate contact details for all of your representatives at VoteSmart.org They have a nice interface where you can enter your address and find out everybody who represents you at the federal, state, and local levels.