The Transcript, which could be filtered by days where I participate to make it easier to find interesting conversations even if they happened a while ago. Still, I vote against having a merge privilege. The "review" button In the tab menu, there is a "review" button. When you click it, you get to a completely different part of the site. Of course, it's the review tools you know from before. … and not recognized as such because they're only on the front page for a certain time. First questions on the other hand are mostly handled fine by the community, because they're easily accessible by clicking on "Newest" in the Questions section. Think about the consequences. If you enable line numbering, even only in a toggled way, and people start referring to line numbers in comments or answers … Something like this is already in place, even for anybody! That's neat, but do I have to see this message every time I access the tools? Once could assume that only a user accessing the tools for the first time would read this message. I would really love to find the first message I've ever posted in Stack Exchange chat, or, more precisely, a particular room. Summarizing: You would therefore need to educate people in using more than just line numbers to refer to given parts of code. How are you going to do that? Although merges can theoretically be reversed, this isn't done in reality, and mods can't do it as well. They need to be performed with caution, since questions often state a problem differently, and having answers that don't perfectly relate to the question is just confusing. By merging those queues, a feature was removed — without providing a viable alternative. This is worse than adding new features that make old ones obsolete. In fact, in the current state, I am just not able to review properly anymore. It's no fun. And I enjoyed doing it for the last 6000 posts. To show a practical example, I simulated a slower network connection and made a screencast: The "problem" with it Sometimes the AJAX load takes a while. After the content is loaded, the box expands and the "Vote to Close" button moves downwards by an indefinite amount of pixels. That's because it depends on the body size of the duplicate question. In any case, I'd rather vote for keeping them instead of deleting them. I personally know of at least one user who managed to unban themselves after digging themselves really deep into the… you know. Anyway, all it took was a (rather large, but still) number of good answers, and possibly a little help from moderators who undeleted questions that could be salvaged. Exactly this is already happening. While the specifics of the algorithm that triggers question bans are not known publicly, it is a fact that contributing positively in the form of good answers (or upvoted existing questions) can get you unbanned. If the question doesn't stand well by itself … Of course, this means that your edit will be placed in a queue, and it will have to be peer reviewed to be approved first – but if you are confident enough that you can fix bad English, I'm sure nobody will reject your edit if they saw you wanted to contribute. If those edits are rejected, feel free to bring up an issue here, on Meta. This breaks a fundamental rule of navigation – shouldn't it be the first in the list if it's the "home" page of the tools? Anyway, let's take a closer look at the links: In any case, you always want to take every chance to fix what you can I would suggest you get in touch with the moderators to see if they can undelete posts for you, to give you a chance to improve them. Any deleted question will negatively impact your account's standing, so make the best of what's there. I'm fairly certain that nobody wants users to be banned from asking forever – as long as you can show that you want to improve, the community can always support you.