Here is a list of the Assassin champions in LoL. They are usually solo top and mid, so they can farm fast and do they job. Example: Cho'Gath's Feast + Greater Relic + Surge + Wild Growth + Something that make champions grow in size. Cho'Gath will grow every time ? or it will stop at some point ? You can Flash to your allies, will work as good as the turret. What is characteristic in those champions are the high burst damage (in 1 or 2 seconds they can finish a full health champion easily), they high mobility and they possibility of good escape/survivability. but the most common are the one who has the flag of assassin, those are: Then I start wondering: what is the max size that a champion reach ? Is there a Maximum size ? When you use Blade Waltz you dash to the target, like when Maokai use Twisted advance. If the person use flash Fiora will follow the target until he stops. This is why he advise you to jump to near some turret, so when Fiora land (after Blade Waltz) she will be hitted by turret. Also Akali cancels Fiora's ultimate when she enter in her shroud. Stay near/flash to your turret/alies. When her ult finish she will be in BIG troble. The problem in jump to your allies is, they will get damage from her ult, so be careful. Use Zhonya's Hourglass until her ult finish. You will avoid the damage from it. If you are nunu, you can start your ult, when her ult finish, your ult will be probably near to end, then BOOM =) Spell vamp triggers on the DAMAGE dealed by spells. None of the skills below deal any kind of damage, so spell vamp does not apply at any moment. Simply answer: Kill the AD Carry, AP Carry and Support, they can even kill the Tank, but the point of the assassin champions is to nullify the opponent damage/support, and get advantage for your team in team fights. To nullify a assassin is hard, but basically you need to avoid his farm, and force ganks on them. Yorick and Alistar both have low cooldown skills that heal them in some way. Which gives you sustain to endure his combo chain. Poppy and Alistar both have skills that can knock Jayce around the battlefield which can also inturrupt his chain of spells and throw him off-balance, effectively shutting him down. Your gold is going to suffer a little bit from the Potions at 35 gold each, and the Charm which is another 180, however the Charm can be sold back for almost its full price, 126 gold, which isnt too bad. With these you should have no problem continuing your clear. Nothing here mentions anything about single target debuffs that have already been applied, ongoing effects and the like, including but not limited to leashes such as Fiddlsticks' or Morgana's, or ongoing damage over time debuffs such as Malzahar's Visions or Summoner Ignite. Therefore it should be assumed they perform normally once applied. It is entirely possible that the persistance of the effect of a spell is determined by the mechanics of it's existence. It would seem that spells that are in some way actively tied to their champions such as Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm, Anivia's Blizzard, and Galio's Idol of Durand, immediately end upon death of the Champion. However spells that are in some way independant of their parent champion such as Thresh's The Box, Vicktor's Chaos Storm, or Vladimir's Hemoplague, continue to have persisting effects. To counter Jayce you have to understand how he works, the best and shortest answer I can give you is, To learn how to counter Jayce - top lane, play Jayce - top lane. As far as I'm understanding it Spirit Visage seem to affect all healing sources of every kind (spell vamp, regeneration, Lifesteal, ect) EXCEPT those that come from outside sources. So - If your healing in any way from something YOU did, yes it applies, but not from something a teammate has done. What does this mean for you? He can passivly regain his mana while farming in melee mode, sustained with a passive aura of magic dps from time to time or he can hit you with a very quick burst of attacks in ranged mode. The ranged version of this becomes more threatening as he gets stronger, particuarly when on-hit effects become involved, but should never be underestimated regardless of level.