Seven Days To The Rhine assumes NATO has cut off Eastern Europe with a tactical nuclear strike at key crossings of the Vistula River. Pact forces already in Eastern Europe would counter-attack West Germany, Belgium, Netherlands and Denmark necessitating several lines of attack, not just central Germany. 

This is one lens to look at colonization vs annexation with: power imbalance and how the locals are viewed. There are others. 

The most famous example in the West is the 439th Ost Battalion defending Omaha Beach on D-Day. Many surrendered as soon as their defensive position was compromised, while others were held at their posts by their German sergeants. Many Allied soldiers were surprised by "Germans" speaking Russian or Polish. 

This has the Czechs tearing through southern Germany in a week then sweeping south through France along the Swiss border. And it is further ordered that pillars or posts, of stone or of cast-iron, shall be planted at every ten miles in the line extending east, from the northwest corner aforesaid to the Des Moines River, and also at the end of every ten miles on the due west line, extending to the Missouri River from said corner. These latter line posts to be of such description as the commissioners may adopt, or as the parties to this suit, acting jointly, may direct the commissioners to use, except that said line-posts shall be of stone or iron. 

I think when you're saying "colonization" you mean empire. That's been going on since antiquity. The Greeks, Romans, Persians... everyone did it because it made money for the homeland. 

The start of WWI is almost a comedy of errors goaded on by leaders whose ambitions far outstripped their competence. Like the mutually assured destruction of the Cold War, Europe was a bomb deliberately and carefully set up to go off should anyone go to war. With better leaders, this urged caution and diplomacy in international affairs. But those better leaders were gone, replaced with men whose ambitions outstripped their competence as @T.E.D. discusses in their answer. Once the fuse was lit, without everyone trying to quench it, a general European war was going to happen. While the bankers and merchants did not want war, they were not consulted. In the opening phases, the democracies of France and UK were only indirectly involved. This was to be a war started by the hereditary dictators of Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Russia: Kaiser Wilhelm II, Czar Nicholas II, and Emperor Franz Joseph I. Unlike in the fields of commerce or democratic governments where leadership is, in part, tied to success; these men were leaders simply because of how they were born. They were not up to the task. And they could, and did, ignore or fire anyone who told them otherwise. 

This is is all long, grey, smeared continuum. For example, one could argue that Wales and Texas were both colonized and annexed. There was a recent expedition to relocate these markers and resurvey the border, the Missouri/Iowa Boundary Line Investigation. That article includes more details about the border dispute. 

Here is a blog post analyzing something close to the incident you describe which contains links to many articles, blogs, videos and reports on the subject. For example... In contrast is the German annexation of Austria, and Czechoslovakia. These were mostly peaceful affairs, and the population was treated well... uhh, for a German occupied country. Why didn't the British they annex India? Because India was a commercial venture by the East India Company, and they were making tons of money exploiting the natives. India was thickly populated and fairly advanced technologically, so they couldn't just shove them out of the way and replace them with British people like was done to the post-apocalyptic North American natives (more on that later). Annexation means government which costs money, better to use the local governments and keep them divided. It means Indian natives might want to become British citizens, and citizens have rights and protections and laws. They're harder to exploit for money. 

Soldiering is long periods of boredom punctuated by moments of extreme violence... or if you're far enough behind the lines, just more boredom. In those long periods of boredom you're hauling around all this very heavy and uncomfortable equipment. Many soldiers will make modifications which might reduce their combat effectiveness in order to be more comfortable in the hours, days, weeks, and months between combat. 

Here is a presentation about it that looks so bad I'd think it were a joke if I didn't know better. A buckled M1 helmet is not terribly comfortable. I think this is the real reason and all the rest are justifications. It weighs almost 3 pounds. The straps have none of the benefit of modern materials, they'll be leather and canvas. Rough and inflexible. The nape strap can hold the helmet on well enough.