The below is a list of items that can be obtained from a Pokestop: You can also gain 2k prestige for placing a Pokemon in the gym. This is why level 2 and 3 gyms are very commong. When a gym is white, it will have 0/2000 prestige. You place a Pokemon in there, it gains 2k prestige and levels up to level 2 with 2000/4000 prestige. Which means you can place another Pokemon in it to level it up to level 3. You gain 500 prestige for defeating each Pokemon with the same CP score. So if the gym pokemon is 300CP and you defeat it with a 300CP Pokemon you will get 500 prestige for the gym. If you defeat it with a lower CP Pokemon, you will get more and if you defeat it with a higher CP Pokemon you will get less prestige. If you click on a friendly gym you can click the train button in the bottom right, it looks like a boxing glove. It's in the same position that the battle button is for an enemy gym. You also gain 10% of the prestige you got as xp. To directly answer you questions: Since the prestige needed to get to level 3 is 4000 prestige, the same will happen when the second Pokemon is placed in the gym, it levels up to level 3 allowing a total of 3 Pokemon to be placed into a gym from scratch without training. Update: It appears that the conclusion below is false, and as of now we are unsure of the correlation between Weight/Height and any other of the Pokémon's stats. I have seen several counter-examples to the trend I observed, both from personal experience and from other people and so I am no longer confident that there is a relationship. Once more information, incorporating moveset and other variables (such as - "was it caught at this CP level or did you raise it to this CP level?"), comes to light, hopefully we will have a more definitive explanation for the variability of HP vs CP. Allied Gyms These are Gyms that are currently controlled by players who are on the same team as you. When you battle at these gyms, you must select a single Pokémon to fight with, and then combat proceeds as normal against the Pokémon in that gym. Winning these will result in an XP reward, and the prestige of that gym will be increased; however, any Pokémon that you defeat will remain in the gym, unlike battles against enemy gyms. You can also install your own Pokémon in a friendly gym provided there is enough space, which is based on the gym's prestige level (e.g. Prestige 2 gyms can hold two Pokémon). Installing your own Pokémon in a gym can be beneficial because it allows you to collect a reward of Pokécoins and Stardust once every ~20 hours for each Pokémon you have installed in a gym. The maximum any player can have in any singular gym is one Pokémon. First Case: I captured two Pidgeys of the same CP level (93) in a very short time. Comparing their weights, I found that one had higher HP, and realized that this was positively correlated with weight. Interestingly, in this case the Pidgey with the larger height value was the one with less HP, which I thought may thought might indicate a negative correlation, but this was not consistent with the next case. Gyms are the only locations (currently) where Pokémon battles can occur. When you are battling at a Pokémon Gym, you are either battling an opposing team, using a full roster of six Pokémon that you have selected, or battling ("training against") your own team, using a single Pokémon that you have selected. Purchasing a Pokémon storage upgrade will not increase your egg capacity beyond the initial nine that are allowed (I have purchased several Pokémon capacity upgrades). Unfortunately there is currently no way to increase your egg capacity, although it is possible this feature will be added in the future. No, there are a variety of items that cannot be obtained from Pokestops, and can only be obtained via level up rewards, such as incense, lucky eggs, incubators and lure modules. You can also gain 2k prestige for placing a Pokemon in the gym. This is why level 2 and 3 gyms are very commong. When a gym is white, it will have 0/2000 prestige. You place a Pokemon in there, it gains 2k prestige and levels up to level 2 with 2000/4000 prestige. Which means you can place another Pokemon in it to level it up to level 3. The next level (level 4) requires an additional 4000 prestige. So after placing the third Pokemon, an additional 2000 prestige is required. For example at level 3, you will need 3k xp to get to level 4 which is a total of 6k xp (from level 1 you will need 6k xp to get to level 4). If you click on a friendly gym you can click the train button in the bottom right, it looks like a boxing glove. It's in the same position that the battle button is for an enemy gym.