According to Article 1, Section 7 of the US Constitution: 

@DavidRicherby correctly points out a an even more extreme scenario where only 1 person votes in the 40 states + DC. The reader may decide which option they find more probable :) 

You only need 270 Electoral Votes to become President. This can be achieved by winning the bottom 40 states (sorted by their population per EV) + DC, with 50.1% of the vote: 

The only real answer to your question is to pick up a gun, find others who would be willing to follow you, and start a revolution in the US or in some other country. If successful, you will take over the power structures and would be able to destroy them from within, switching the state in question to complete anarchy for all. 

I see two reasons why the American constitution holds a lot more regards: 

Situations where the President refuses to sign the law and waits for Congress to adjourn instead are commonly called a "pocket veto". But has there been any law where the President refused to sign or veto the law, after which Congress didn't adjourn and the law still entered into force without a super-majority vote? 

It's very very hard to change it, as any change requires the consent of both the federal legislature and 3/4 of the states. No constitutional amendments have been passed for many decades and it's unlikely any would be adopted in the coming years. On the other hand most other countries only require the consent of 2/3 of both legislative chambers to adopt a change, so their constitutions are in constant motion. And if it's in constant motion it loses a lot of respect, as the very next elections could see it completely overhauled. 

And since each of the 50 States has its own government, there are differences in the laws of each particular state. That's all there is to it. 

Nearly absolute freedom of speech, religion and peaceful assembly. In countries like Germany the government can punish people for denying the Holocaust, for displaying Nazi symbols, for lying about their education, etc. Not so in the US where there are very few exceptions to freedom of expression. The right to own guns. Other countries generally restrict the ownership of weapons to very limited applications and require weapon owners to go through difficult licensing schemes to obtain and keep their firearms. The right to avoid quartering soldiers in your home. This part is a bit outdated, so I'll skip it. The right for privacy, requiring that all searches are approved by a court of law. This is generally the rule in other democracies as well, but their legislators are free to introduce exceptions to the process in whatever manner they see fit. The right to a jury trial and protection against double jeopardy and self-incrimination. This means that the US is the only country in the world where the prosecution cannot appeal an acquittal in the lowest court. It is also the only country where jury nullification is truly possible. The right to a speedy trial. In other democracies an accused person can sit in limbo for years as their case goes through the legal system. The right to a jury trial in civil cases. The ban on cruel and unusual punishments. This is generally upheld in other democracies as well, but it used to be a revolutionary concept. Grants people the power to do anything not otherwise prohibited Assures that the constituent states retain power over everything not spelled out by the Constitution. Although this amendment has been generally neglected since the 20th century. A lot of things are wrong with the US government, but at least their Constitution provides a solid foundation for the functioning of the government. In times when Congress has a 5% approval rating the President has a 40% approval rating it's nice to have a single document on which the entire country can more or less agree on.