If a believer's works are completely judged as worthless even though they have trusted in Christ for their own salvation, it will be like they have been snatched from a fire - they themselves are safe, but everything they labored for is destroyed and unsalvageable. There will of course be relief at being saved, but also a sense of loss as the things labored for that were held dear by the one being judged are revealed as insubstantial, temporary and not 'built' according to the will of the Master. 

Peter preaches a sermon and about three thousand people put their faith in Jesus. To put this in context, Peter is asking them to follow a leader who has been publicly executed in that locality less than two months previously and they themselves weren't witnesses of a resurrected Christ. There is much more that could be said, but I believe this is the essence of the foundation that the Church is built on - Jesus is the Christ. The Prophets (of the Old Testament) prophesied concerning him; The Apostles bore witness to him and declared his gospel; but He himself provided the key, the pattern to what the Prophets of old were talking about and the message that went forth with the Apostles - the message is the foundation, and Jesus himself is that message. 

A somewhat lengthy but highly pertinent quote addressing 1 Timothy 3*: There are indications in the text which suggest that these women were female deacons and not deacon’s wives. For instance, there is no mention of the wives of overseers (or bishops); and it doesn’t make sense that the writer of 1 Timothy would regard the moral requirements of deacons’ wives to be worthy of mention, but not those of overseers’ wives. Also, if deacons’ wives were intended, we would expect a definite article or a genitive pronoun in the Greek of 1 Timothy 3: 11 (which could be translated as “the wives” or “their wives” respectively.) However, it is the use of the word “likewise” (hōsautōs) which indicates that a distinct but similar group is being addressed in verse 11. (Giles 1989:61) (24) Then the Lord rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah—from the Lord out of the heavens. Jesus is the gate and the way to Heaven. 

These verses are very important basis for Christian eschatology belief called Rapture. As per these verses, on the the day of Rapture, first, the dead who belonged to Christ will be resurrected and they will be transformed, second, those who are alive and believe in Christ will be caught up, who may or may not be transformed. [a] Isaiah 53:7,8 (see Septuagint) 

We ask when we have the desire. 

The eunuch asked Philip, “Tell me, please, who is the prophet talking about, himself or someone else?” Then Philip began with that very passage of Scripture and told him the good news about Jesus. Therefore, Satan is called the Ruler of the air. Explanation why the two men were not merely angels 

Asking, seeking and knocking are the ways to a successful prayer. First, we need to ask God - and ask according to His will. Second, we need to seek for it or give effort from our side. We seek only when we have the desire. Third, we need to have a sincere desire to keep on knocking on the doors of Heaven. Peter preaches a sermon and about three thousand people put their faith in Jesus. To put this in context, Peter is asking them to follow a leader who has been publicly executed in that locality less than two months previously and they themselves weren't witnesses of a resurrected Christ. There are two main ways that Prophets and Apostles can be considered the foundation of the Church - their role in receiving and transmitting revelation (scripture) and their effectual ministry for Christ (service) - particularly in founding individual congregations. Christ's role in the foundation is unique - he is the chief cornerstone (cf Ephesians 2:20): ie he sets the pattern that the other 'stones' must follow and adapt to in order to fit correctly into the building. If a believer's works are completely judged as worthless even though they have trusted in Christ for their own salvation, it will be like they have been snatched from a fire - they themselves are safe, but everything they labored for is destroyed and unsalvageable. There will of course be relief at being saved, but also a sense of loss as the things labored for that were held dear by the one being judged are revealed as insubstantial, temporary and not 'built' according to the will of the Master.