On March 25, you went over 200 only because of the account association bonus, which isn't a vote and therefore doesn't count for the badge. On April 24, you hit exactly 200, but eight points came from suggested edits to tag wikis, which are also not votes and therefore also do not count for the badge. Your count of 51 included both of these days. 

Coors has put a lot of effort into its "cold activated cans" campaign, at least in the US. Basically, they've done some chemistry with inks/dyes on their labels that make them change color when the beverages are cooled to a good drinking temperature (illustration). Apparently, the fancy name for this is thermochromism. EDIT: This feature request goes for offensive/abuse/hate speech flags as well, since they apparently have the same no-confirmation behavior. 

EDIT 3: Looks like ignoring multiple users can cause all sorts of alignment weirdness. Maybe this is actually by design. There's nothing wrong with using SE another way, but please keep the site-specific notifications for people who are like me. 

EDIT: Hmm, that comment by Nick is interesting. It does seem to say that suggested edit rep should count. On the other hand, it also says the SQL isn't changing. The SQL was probably written before edit suggestors earned rep for their work, although the comment was not... perhaps a coding oversight, there? When I flag a post for mod attention, a little box pops up that says "Thanks, we'll take a look at it!" or similar. But when I flag a post as spam, there's no such box. In fact, there's no indication that my action was noticed at all. I end up flagging again just to make sure the "You can only flag this post once." box appears, which is an awkward workaround. Can we get some kind of indication that spam flags have been received? 

EDIT: Adding the feature-request tag. The requested feature: "don't show merged questions in the Unanswered list." 

I think there are few enough questions on MSO that the existing bloc of too-involved MSO users would be able to knock out such a queue in a few days, even if we required multiple agreeing reviewers. Or maybe this only seems like a good idea because it's the middle of the night and I can't sleep. Clearly, this is your punishment for participating in a joke proposal. Remember the First Rule of Stack Exchange: 

The new one is pretty, I'll give you that... but the goal isn't to make something that looks exactly like a real key on a real keyboard. The goal is to effectively communicate that the text is supposed to represent a keyboard key. Function should trump aesthetics here. I like to do all my business on one site at a time; it's just how I keep mentally organized. I might look over all my notifications in the global inbox when I hit my first site of the day (SO), but I'm not going to check out any of the non-SO links until I get done looking over the latest SO questions that are unrelated to my notifications.