Obviously still have the 3 non-moderator delete votes requirement. People answer questions on Stack Exchange because they want to, not because they have to. If you think that it's really important that the close reason gets changed then the simple solution is to flag it for moderator attention. However, most of the time a comment should be sufficient. If the user finds that their question is closed, they should be reading all the information around the closure to understand how their question can be improved. I'd also include a link to the contact us page so that the user can request content disassociation if they're so inclined. 20K users should have enough about them to know when a question should be deleted rather than leaving it closed. This would mean that there'd be no requirement to coordinate all the moderators on the various sites or with the community team (who have better things to be doing). If the candidate edits his nomination I can change my vote, but I can't contact the candidate to ask him to edit the post. Firstly that wouldn't be ethical, secondly it would tell them which way I had originally voted and what I changed that vote to be and thirdly there's no way a non moderator can send someone a message from within the system. … and if you are below 2000 reputation, you are even rewarded for it, which is an encouragement too. The Search box, which lets me search for a particular string only, without wildcards. It'd also be easy to have it search for all messages, or alternatively only by specifying a certain time range to prevent excess. The solution is simple: If reviewing is a different part of the site (as opposed to the "tools"), it should be made a proper top navigation element. It seems the "First Answers" and "First Questions" tabs were moved into "First Posts". What would be the best way to convey that message earlier and more clearly? What can be done about this? Leave "stats" as the landing page, it's very useful. But make it the first element in the navigation list. The reason being that when you go through the tools, it would make more sense to go from left to right, rather than "stats", two tabs left to "review", one tab right to "links", et cetera. This is an entirely opt-in feature - unless I actively follow some users, I will never notice this. This functionality does not add anything dangerous that you can't do already. It just helps automate a terribly, terribly dreary task and this is needed! Let's face it: We have 4,000 new questions a day, and not enough users, time, nor the inclination to deal with every one on an individual basis. That includes comments about frequent mistakes in posts. Either we use an automated tool to deal with the most common patterns (like in PHP, the eternal "you are not escaping your mySQL data. Use prepared statements or escape your input using ....."), or many mistakes will simply go uncommented. In addition to that, it might be useful to know which questions in the list have been used as originals to duplicates in the past, and how often. Hide flagged comments quickly, before the deletion threshold is reached (say, after 2 flags) from the eyes of unregistered and low-rep users. This hides bad comments from the world but gives the community enough time to dispute bad flaggings. The comments stay visible to registered and higher-rep users; when enough flags have amassed, the comment gets deleted and becomes visible only to mods, just as it works now.