The Book of Mormon Student Manual covers this topic well in its commentary on 2 Nephi 5:20-25. 

...and not to the bringing forth my word only, saith the Lord, but to the convincing them of my word, which shall have already gone forth among them. 

Otherwise, Hell wouldn't make any sense, as it would punish people for not doing what they couldn't anyway. If you were told to fly to Mars tomorrow, and then you didn't (couldn't), it would be antithetical to justice to punish you for that. 

Discourses of Brigham Young, ed. Widtsoe Priesthood -- To performance ordinances that are honored by God, man must possess the literal power to enact in heaven that which is done on earth (Matthew 18:18) 

This is a difficult question to answer. If you asked "What is source of gravity?", what would the answer be? Matter? Matter has gravity. 

What, do ye suppose that mercy can rob justice? I say unto you, Nay; not one whit. If so, God would cease to be God. 

And they would have had no children; wherefore they would have remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin. 

So what you saw was apparently quite normal. Even once a month (the first Sunday), a fast and testimony meeting is held during sacrament meeting, where members forgo preparing talks and instead bear their testimonies about Christ and the gospel for the hour as they feel a desire to do so. Instruction is very member-to-member, you might say, but is guided by the direction of a bishop and other church leaders who also inspire and instruct. [Source] 

It just so happens that regular bread and water are more available and make for a simpler ceremony, especially considering that it's usually the young men in the church who prepare and administer that ordinance. Hence, Christ saves, not faith. By our faith in Christ comes good works, and although works do not save, our faith in Christ (and all that implies) qualifies us for salvation. 

There are accounts of Latter-day Saints using alternative emblems for the sacrament. The citation I linked to, about halfway down, mentions French saints making use of potato peelings when that was all they had available. A few minutes after the Missourians left, a small black cloud appeared in the clear western sky. It moved eastward, unrolling like a scroll, filling the heavens with darkness. As the first ferry load of mobbers crossed the Missouri River to the south, a sudden squall made it nearly impossible for the boat to return to pick up another load. The storm was so intense that Zion’s Camp abandoned their tents and found shelter in an old Baptist meetinghouse nearby. When Joseph Smith came in, he exclaimed, “Boys, there is some meaning to this. God is in this storm.” It was impossible for anyone to sleep, so the group sang hymns and rested on the rough benches. One camp member recorded that “during this time the whole canopy of the wide horizen was in one complete blaze with terrifying claps of thunder.” 

1 If you want to discuss how perfect the Bible is, talk to a Jew. The Jews have a strong opinion about the quality of Christianity's Old Testament, but that's an answer for another question. Remember that we believe the Bible is not perfect. That over the course of time information has been lost (whether deliberately or by virtue of translation, it doesn't matter). We learn from the Book of Mormon, 1 Nephi 13:25-26 (my emphasis): When viewed from the belief that Joseph Smith is a prophet and the LDS church is true, the only conclusion is that Joseph restored a portion of the Old Testament that had been lost. A portion that supports his claim of being a prophet of the Lord. When viewed from the belief that Joseph Smith was not a prophet and the LDS church is false, or that the Bible is perfect and unchanged from the day it was written1, the only conclusion is that Joseph was writting himself into history. There's undoubtadly a copy in Church Archives, but it's less likely they'll have the facilities to reproduce the book.