In regard to this question which could be considered as an approved practice, there seems to be some viewpoints which apparently are not precisely the same, but could be considered as a permissible act by observing some conditions. According to Shia Islam (and likewise I think Sunni Islam) it is not considered as a haram act as @goldPseudo mentioned in his comment as he said “Most interpretations of Islam don't outright forbid eating with the left-hand,…” of course perhaps it can be counted as makruh act, but it would be permissible at least according to often sects as much as it is inferred from different Muslims. As far as I searched, apparently, people (Muslims) or at least Arab Muslims used to say Salam (Salamon-Alaikum) before. And I reckon that’s why it is still said A-Salam-o-Alaikum (instead of Hello and even Goodbye). Since it is seen that in some Arab countries people say A-Salam-o-Alaikum as well (instead of Goodbye). Of course they says other phrases such as Fi-Aman-Allah or Ma’a-Salama too. For instance I term two of them (from the viewpoint of some Shi'a scholars or Marja’al-Taqlids) which hopefully could be profitable for you. Your question a little seems to be vague. But if I've perceived well, in case that you mean if Raza (permission) of authoritative leader/caliph/Imam required to lead prayers in Islam for a person to be counted as a Imam of Jama’a and as a representative of Shar’, the reply could be yes, and he ought to have the permission of Hakem-al-Shar’ in order to being as an agent of the Shar’. But another important issue is that Satan tries to mislead from different ways, even though positive practices. How come? Let me give you an example. For instance, you as a male see a female who has no Hijab, So you really intend to talk to her to guide her …, but Satan will change the route of your goal … to be friend with her ... Fear: Satan scares man with thoughts of the future, compelling him to accumulate wealth, flee from jihad, aid the unjust, etc. Otherwise seemingly you can use both of these two forms in replying, although "Alaikumo Salam looks to be more accurate/formal in compare with the other form (in reply). With respect to your last question which inquired regarding "will a Muslim woman be allowed to do Thawab(reward) by spreading Islam in a social gathering where both male and female are sat together", I ought to mention that logically it could be a positive practice and as a rule Islam will encourage these kinds of acts. Of course the significant point is that you should pay attention to the other side of the issue. Actually I mean you should notice if it could be the cause of "sin" in that environment or not (between males and females, by making a relationship between them…), If not, it will be appreciation from Islam. So you said “I fear may have impurity on them”, then, it seems you’d better not notice that if it seems to be changed to an obsession for you. Another point is that as a general Islamic rule, praying by a Najis clothes is invalid. On the other hand, you should wash those unclean clothes before you intent to prayer, and also they would be clean in case they are wet due to washing.