We can agree that Nazism is morally bad. One who subscribes to being a Nazi is suggesting that the holocaust was justified. Nazis are a specific group of people who have committed atrocities in Europe. It is directly linked with the idea of Racial Superiority and Antisemitism. 

It is irrelevant whether communism will ultimately lead to failure. Consider the following eco-political theory, which I will dub the Pigeon Theory: Communism is a political and economical theory. It describes a supposedly idealistic society where all property is communally owned, among other things. 

We cannot agree that Communism is bad. We definitely cannot say that Communism is morally bad. One who subscribes to communism does not suggest that he agrees with the purges of Stalin. Regarding the Hammer and Sickle Exclusively To ban a symbol despite the Freedom of Speech is a show of extreme disapprobation. It suggests that any association with the symbol is an act terrible enough to be criminalized. The Soviet Union is not hated that much, despite the atrocities they've committed, especially in Russia. The theory's symbol is a pink pigeon. 

History have shown that many capitalist regimes failed on several levels. It has shown that many democracies failed (and are failing) on several levels. It has shown that many of all form of government fail on several levels eventually. Communism have failed quicker than many though. Can communism work on a state level? History cannot prove that it can't. Economic and political systems continues to grow and adapt. What was considered to be the pinnacle of government 500 years ago is considered barbaric today. What is considered to be an ideal democracy today will be considered hilariously outdated in 100 years. I do not need history to tell me that the Pigeon Theory is a terrible theory, and would fail at multiple levels if implemented. However, we should most definitely not ban the symbol of the pink pigeon, or criminalize the support of the Pigeon Theory. 

(not being sarcastic - anyone else ever have a hyper-vigilant nosy older neighbour? :) It is well known that prohibition of addictive substances in practice usually leads to increased crime and strengthening of organized criminal organization, especially in democracies. Prohibition is what allowed American gangsters to flourish; drug laws is what allowed drug cartels AND gangs to flourish in the second half of 20th century. OTOH, some localities have paper ballots with IDs. Come to vote with fraudulent documents (scan, photoshop, and print a fake bank statement - NOT exactly an impossible task in modern day and age). Let's say someone as a voter is concerned with the level of corruption and lack of transparency in Washington, especially in Congress and White House. E.g. all you need to have is some registered voter's name, easily obtainable via social engineering (find a person's contact info, contact them as if doing a poll, ask if they are registered to vote, ask if they are planning to vote. Things that legit polling firms ask). The main current purpose those laws serve is to placate a vast majority of the citizenry who object to polygamy (to the point of, about 100+ years ago, trying to physically destroy Mormons). However, given that voting is anonymous, I'm not even sure invalidating your prior vote would be technically possible, so this may not be as much of a concern. [2] Then again, one has to wonder at how much social acceptability bias affected that poll, since a staggeringly low 9% considers extramarital affairs "morally acceptable", compared to between 20 and 70% estimates of people actually cheating. If that seems "high" - compare it to 63%[1] supporting gay/lesbian sexual relations[2]. For other states, googling for "physical education mandatory law " yields good results based on the above 2 states. (admittedly, there are easy ways around that which have been repeatedly used by US Federal Government on numerous issues, including indirect pressure (withdrawing highway funds) and declaring assorted things to be "interstate commerce") Voting record (e.g. when did you vote) - remember that checkmark that the volunteer placed against your name before letting you access the voting machine? That's recorded and is a public information