The first 2+12 capabilities are the spectacles from the metaphor. Consequently all our experience is built by using them, i.e., looking through these glasses. Notably, objects appear in space and time, which relates to some of the colours of the metaphor. Furthermore the interaction of the objects, which appear, follows a causal law, which relates to an other colour from the metapher. 

Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. I openly confess, the suggestion of David Hume was the very thing, which many years ago first interrupted my dogmatic slumber, and gave my investigations in the field of speculative philosophy quite a new direction. (A13) The results of vision and thinking in each of the 4 sections are classified as 3) The 3 pure ideas of our reason: Freedom, God, Immortality as the result from our human capabilities of reason (CpR: Transcendental Dialectic) 3) In the Critique of Pure Reason Kant writes 1787: 

We do not know anything about the thing-in-itself, because we have no direct contact. As a first approximation, thing-in-itself is a synonym to noumenon. And phenomenon is a synonym to experience. 

The concept of mind-space seems a risky term in this connection. Better calling the domain of experience mind-space. Because it is result of our constructive experience. The outer world of the thing-in-itself is sometimes named reality. But one has always to check how the author in question defines his terms. Ad 3: Kant names at least the following sources which have prompted him to investigate the capabilites of reason and the scope of metaphysical claims. 

Concerning your second question: In a literal sense there is nothing to explain to a layman, because Kant did not have a deep influence on Western culture. Nevertheless, I strongly recommend to the layman to read the original text of Kant's essay on enlightenment. And to ask himself: Today, which steps should I take on my way to further enlightenment? In the second part of this work Kant deals with dynamics. But he does not give a proof of the inverse square law. Both, Kant and Gödel prove the impossibility of certain rational approaches. That’s what both have in common. 

I have an obligation to keep others from peril and an obligation not to hurt people. So I'm obligated to try and save one of them, but in doing so, I ensure the death of the other. This seems to be fundamentally different than the trolley problem. Saving one person does not entail dooming another, previously uninvolved party---and yet it means the person I did not save is certainly doomed. How, according to Kant, ought we respond when the categorical imperative obliges us to take two mutually-exclusive courses of action? For instance if two people are being lowered into a pit of lava. I can pull one lever and save one, or pull the other lever and save the other, but if both levers are pulled, both die. The best response to a "counterexample" to Kant is, "So what?" 

For Kant, we are prohibited from using people as purely means. Unfortunately things like physically stopping someone from doing violence onto you just because you don't want to be wounded seems to very much be using them as a means and not an end. A unified sensory experience can only possibly be accounted for if the categories apply to that sensory experience. [Insert complex/puzzling justification of claim (1) here…] Since we do perceive that kind of unified experience, the categories do in fact apply to our sensory experience. With Hume against Hume In order to understand Kant's philosophical move, TD must be set against Hume's empiricist psychological theory. Hume denied that apriori concepts could correctly apply to objects featured in experience, because only concepts (Hume: ideas) deriving from sensory experiences (Hume: impressions) can actually apply to the objects in our experience. Apriori concepts lack such a connection and therefore, according to Hume, fail to apply to the objects of experience - they lack objective validity. 

Your understanding of transcendental deduction (TD) is much broader than how Kant actually employs the term in his Critique of Pure Reason (CPR). TD is a much smaller step in Kant's outline of his transcendental philosophy. 

To get an overview of the actual argument deployed in TD and also get a better grasp on how TD fits into Kant's broader project, you may read a very good summary from a philosophy course at UC Davis. Aristotle's legacy It is directly formed after Aristoteles distinction between practical wisdom (φρόνησις), and theoretical wisdom (σοφία) (e.g. in Nicomachean Ethics). Against this position, Kant employes TD to prove that certain apriori concepts do correctly apply to objects featured in our experience, i.e. that such apriori concepts have objective validity after all. In doing so, Kant doesn't counter Hume's point, he actually concedes that apriori concepts cannot be derived from sensory experiences. He does, however, object to Hume's conclusion that a priori concepts therefore cannot apply to the objects of experience at all. To block this conclusion, Kant needs to show that there's another, non-empirical way in which apriori concepts can correctly apply to experience and achieve objective validity. This alternative way is through a transcendental argument, see the outline above. *In the "what if an ax murderer asks me where my friend is, shouldn't I lie then" the obvious solution is to just remain silent. I'm thinking of cases where there is no similar way out, e.g., you are trapped. 

For instance if two people are being lowered into a pit of lava. I can pull one lever and save one, or pull the other lever and save the other, but if both levers are pulled, both die. 

For Kant, we are prohibited from using people as purely means. Unfortunately things like physically stopping someone from doing violence onto you just because you don't want to be wounded seems to very much be using them as a means and not an end. Of course you can try to win a game of chess. You shouldn't play someone at chess simply to win, but rather because you want to have an enjoyable experience with them. And you're not contradicting their rational will by struggling with them for victory, because they do not in fact have a will but rather a wish to win. Winning a game of chess is not completely in our control, but rather relies at least in part on the actions of another, so while we can desire it, we cannot will it in the same way we would, say, will that we stand up.