This was the Sunnah of the Prophet's companions, too. They strictly followed what the Prophet ﷺ taught them, and abandoned any act of worship otherwise. 'Abdullah ibn Mas'ūd said: Sunni View There is no explanation of why the Prophet ﷺ ordered them to take that woman away from him as the hadith is not considered authentic by any means. Note that the above verse was not the last verse revealed. Most scholars say Surat Al-Baqarah 2:281 was revealed after it as the last verse to be revealed in the Qur'an. — History of the Prophets and Kings » Battle of Khaybar Messenger of Allah said, “A strong believer is better and dearer to Allah than a weak one, and both are good. Adhere to that which is beneficial for you. Keep asking Allah for help and do not refrain from it. If you are afflicted in any way, do not say: ‘If I had taken this or that step, it would have resulted into such and such,’ but say only: ‘Allah so determined and did as He willed.’ The word ‘if’ opens the gates of satanic thoughts”. Directly by the blind man, supplicating for himself to be healed. As an intercession by the Prophet (ﷺ), supplicating for the blind man to be healed. To the best of my knowledge, we have no further information of what happened to the blind man afterwards. Stoning married adulterers is a revelation from Allah ﷻ. This is why the Prophet ﷺ and his companions did so. The verses you quoted on flogging refer to unmarried adulterers. As for the source, Juynboll says the most likely common link for all the variations is al-A'mash, that is, Sulayman b. Mihran. Edit: I am not interested in which sect is "correct", or whose view is "stronger", or which POV is more "viable". I am interested in Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit. Here's why I can't accept any claims that he was indeed explicit: the Qur'an addresses Muhammad's family problems (the scandal over Aisha in the desert), and the proper formality to be observed when interacting with Muhammad. Although I have not read the Hadith, I have heard that they even go so far as to address issues of personal hygiene. I am shocked that while these issues are enshrined in Islam's holy writings, there is not a single word about succession therein. I am very curious about the reasons for this rather glaring omission. Are there any scholars who explore Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit, without bringing in sectarianism, or appealing to Muhammad's superhuman qualities, or appealing to divine wisdom? Scholars who analyze the issue from a secular standpoint? What exactly were the problems that made life hard for orphans in general, and the orphan Muhammad in particular, in Mecca? The biographies of Muhammad that I am reading talk only generally about it being problematic to be an orphan. They mention very few specifics. There seems to have been a stigma about orphans, but the biographies are not clear on the nature of the stigma, what people actually thought about orphans that was stigmatic. Also, there is some talk of his uncle Abu Talib being unable to divide his sons' inheritance with Muhammad. But I don't see how that would matter: in the mercantile environment of Mecca, couldn't an enterprising young man like Muhammad have built up his own fortune with the caravans? So it Allah's mercy to Virgin Mary(pbuh) that her son didnt cry. BUT ALLAH KNOWS BEST, why Jesus(pbuh) didn't cry on being born. This in no way means he is MORE faultless than Muhammad(pbuh). In the above verse the Quran makes it compulsory on verifying information if it comes from a disobedient person(i.e. faasiqun). The hadith above does not indicate Jesus(pbuh) is a "faultless son" rather just that he was not touched by the Satan when he was born which resulted in him not crying. Why the Prophet(pbuh) never went to the doctor? There are certain rules that apply only to the Prophet(pbuh). For example, the Prophet's wives cannot re-marry etc. Islam requires us not to be careless about "a word" we say. The above verse applies to us and to the Prophet(pbuh), but since the Prophet(pbuh) had a direct connection with Allah he got the cure directly. Every prophet has his own set of miracles. That does not in anyway imply one is greater than the other. Rather this implies that all miracles come from the same Allah. ESPECIALLY we as muslims ARE NOT allowed to distinguish between prophets. In this hadith (attributed to 'Umar and not to the Prophet ﷺ), which was documented in several other books of hadith (e.g., Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Nasa'i, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Baihaqi, Sunan Ibn Majah, Musnad Abi Ya'la, Musnad Ahamd ibn Hanbal, Musnad Al-Humaidi, Musannaf Abi Shaiba, Al-Mustadrak, and others), 'Umar is predicting (and it is possible that this was based on something that 'Umar heard from the Prophet ﷺ) there would come a time when people would question the ruling of stoning adulterers. He added that it was revealed in the Qur'an, and that it was practiced by the Prophet ﷺ, and by his companions after him. The verse in the Qur'an was abrogated in recitation but not in ruling. This is also confirmed by 'A'isha bint Abu Bakr: From the Sahih International translation: So let those beware who dissent from the Prophet's order, lest fitnah strike them or a painful punishment. While in this hadith, both archery and horse riding are mentioned in the context pastime: — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: Note that the above verse was not the last verse revealed. Most scholars say Surat Al-Baqarah 2:281 was revealed after it as the last verse to be revealed in the Qur'an. Sunni View There is no explanation of why the Prophet ﷺ ordered them to take that woman away from him as the hadith is not considered authentic by any means. The conditions of an innovation in the religion are: The hadith was narrated on the authority of ibn Abi Najeeh through his father. Al Baihaqi commented that the Prophet is like other prophets before his time that also died or were killed, so both are possible for the Prophet.