Compare that with the US Navy force size from 2007-2011: Robert S. McNamara Secretary of Defense during the Kennedy, and Johnson administrations. 

This is important because both the House and Senate can determine whether or not elected officials can sit for their seats. There are of course limitations on this power. 

As Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said in May of 2010: 

Actually, I'm reading a book, "Turing's Cathedral" that discusses the development of computers. From my reading of the book it appears that the principal developments in computing, with respect to actually engineering a device that could implement computing principles, and bringing a product to market, occurred in the United States. The research in the United States was devoted to making a machine which could handle the computations necessary for the development of nuclear weapons. I would check out a brief history of the computing developments at the Institute for Advanced Studies. 

The election of 1796 was the first time that presidential candidates were members of a political party. The system in place then had the states dictating electors who would then cast two votes for president, one for a home state person, and one for someone from out of state. As you can imagine, this system didn't last very long for various reasons. For further reading go here. It appears that the Terrorism Exclusion List ("TEL") is still used. It has actually been updated with some regularity since its creation in 2001, most recently in 2012. The TEL is used to deny individual access at the immigration level. It is often referred to as a black list. The list originally had 39 members, and is currently at 59 members. The State of Ohio has a nice compilation of the different lists that they use for security purposes. 

In 2012, the State Department removed the Communist Party of Nepal from the TEL. Furthermore, the TEL is referenced on a current Immigration Services website. Tim L. Carter, Republican congressman from Kentucky who implored the US to withdraw troops, in 1967. 

My question is did Churchill, Roosevelt, or their administrations, know at any point prior to entering into an alliance with the Soviet Union that there were explicit agreements between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union? It is best to start at the beginning, ie, The Constitution. Art. 1, Section 4, states: 

Brown v. Board of Education was not really about education. The case was about whether facilities could be separate and equal. The Supreme Court held that separate but equal was "inherently unequal and inherently unlawful." So jfrankcarr is right to point out the segregation cases that led up to Brown, as well as the wealth of information from the Brown Foundation. Lyndon B. Johnson for his escalation of the war. 

It was not until 1831 that the first political party would have a national convention when the Anti-Masonic Party had a national convention in Maryland. This started to formalize things nationwide. 

John F. Kennedy for his involvement prior to the declaration of war. A very important part that cannot be left out is Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe. Outraged by the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850, Stowe emphasized the horrors that abolitionists had long claimed about slavery. Two exceptions: John Hancock, although from Massachusetts, did not sign with the rest of the Massachusites as he was the President of Congress. Also, Matthew Thornton did not sign with the rest of the New Hampshirites. I've checked out the relevant Wiki pages and Googled it, but I haven't found any reason so far. 

The blocks are also categorized. Start at the leftmost column and go to the rightmost column. Begin with the bottom of each list: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire (we skip Matthew Thornton's Signature here). This is roughly the order of the colonies, going South to North along the Atlantic Coast. Here is an excerpt from Wikipedia regarding the founding of Liberia: 

Through the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation prohibited slavery in the territories northwest of the Ohio River. By 1804, abolitionists succeeded in passing legislation in most states north of the Ohio River and the Mason-Dixon Line that would eventually emancipate the slaves.