Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. I haven't been able to find committee rules on the Maryland General Assembly's website, but in the states I am familiar with there is no requirement for the committee to vote on the bill. Many (perhaps most) bills die in committee without any action. There is no distinction between citizens and non-citizens; Congress just can't make these kinds of laws. The text of Title II explicitly says this: About HJ-6 The issue they are talking about in the video is House Joint Resolution #6 (HJ6). This resolution would ask for a Constitutional convention to be convened to discuss voting and electoral changes. Department of State However, federal law is inconsistent. For example, when describing the annual reporting requirements of the Department of State the law uses this definition of terrorism: Bill Introduction & Committee Process The first step of the process is to have the bill introduced. In my state, it's considered poor taste to deny a bill introduction (although I can't say for sure that norm extends to other states). (I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist). Is the party nomination something a candidate even can accept or refuse? Or is the nomination more like a glorified endorsement? Are there obligations that come with accepting the nomination? Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service? A common carrier is defined in the same act: Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. The Code of Federal Regulations codifies federal regulations. It is law, but not in quite the same way as statutes are. The regulation mentioned above is specific to the Department of Justice. 28 CFR Sec. 0.85 mirrors this language, saying terrorism "includes": The text of Title II explicitly says this: I haven't been able to find committee rules on the Maryland General Assembly's website, but in the states I am familiar with there is no requirement for the committee to vote on the bill. Many (perhaps most) bills die in committee without any action. Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn? Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? Are there obligations that come with accepting the nomination? Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. Many of North Korea's top officials visit other countries and likely have different ideas about how the country should be run. (I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist). Is the party nomination something a candidate even can accept or refuse? Or is the nomination more like a glorified endorsement? Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service?