Based on the size and colour, your coin could be a dupondius which was worth 2 as or 1/8 of a denarius. In the early imperial period, this buy you perhaps one to two loafs of baked bread depending on the local prices. 

Note that distance between letters does not prove they're from different words. It is quite common for letters to spaced far apart or unevenly, especially for shorter words. 

It is difficult to verify pre-historical social practices, but monogamy must have been very ancient. At the very least, monogamy was standard by the time historical records began in both Ancient Greece and Rome. While men certainly kept concubines and had sex with slaves, these were not recognised as wives nor give birth to legitimate children. - Ashley, James R. The Macedonian Empire: the Era of Warfare Under Philip II and Alexander the Great, 359-323 BC. McFarland, 2004. 

Given the highly limited, if not outright extinct, readership, it is unsurprising that Etruscan literature were mostly lost. It would happen both from natural attrition over the centuries, as well as in the ravages of Late Antiquity wars in Italy. The (better preserved) religious Etruscan texts were lost in warfare around the same time. 

To be sure, Indians were certainly not a common sight in much of the Mediterranean. At the same time, the evidence showed that they were present in Alexandria. In all likelihood some visited some other parts of the Roman Empire. It is not a stretch to conclude that some of those Indians were Buddhists. 

Full Answer with Selected Excerpts Several writers indeed expressed a belief that Qin unified China under the mandate of heaven. For instance, Ming Dynasty scholar Li Zhen argued that all Seven Warring States were about the same, except Qin was fated by heaven to succeed and had the advantage of terrain. Pilgrims from all over Greece came to Delphi to seek answers from the priestess, the most prestigious of her kind in the classical world. Many of them would disembark at Cirrha, the closest port to Delphi. The city took advantage of this to impose a toll on pilgrims, a sacrilegious act that ultimately provoked a war with the Amphictyonic League. The Amphictyonic League was an ancient religious organisation which formed to support the temples of Apollo and Demeter at Delphi and Anthele. 

Depends on what you want to call "Aryan race". The "Aryans" you're thinking of who are "blonde with blue eyes", is a white supremacist fantasy. 

Some writers focused on the infighting by the Six States as the cause of their fall. In this view, Qin's ascendancy can be attributed to the other Six States being too preoccupied killing each other, as opposed to uniting against a common enemy. For instance, the monumental Tzu Chih Tung Chien by Chancellor Sima Guang concluded its coverage of the Qin conquests with: 

He didn't invent this, of course. As early as the Han Dynasty, Sima Qian's pioneering Records of the Grant Historian commented on the demise of Wei, after which Qin conquered the rest of China in quick succession, that: 

Generally speaking, Pytheas of Massalia had an apparently undeserved reputation as a "liar of the first magnitude" during antiquity. Much of what we know of this comes from Strabo, who is incidentally Pytheas' most vocal critic. Strabo argues against the authenticity of the Massilian's reports primarily based on the dimensions of Great Britain and the (non)existence of Thule. 

The only current "Aryans" are the Indo-Aryans peoples, speakers of the Indic branch of the Indo-Iranian family of languages. They look like this: Based on what you've told us, your teacher is most likely thinking of the Proto-Indo-European people (Note: I am NOT saying it is accurate to call the PIE people "Proto-Ukrainians"). According to the most mainstream theory, the Kurgan hypothesis, these speakers of the ancient Proto-Indo-European language emerged from the Pontic-Caspian steppes some 6-8,000 years ago. This was fairly close to modern Ukrainian borders, and might even have included parts of eastern Ukraine. 

How can one remove one's own defences to please a band, and say "now the bandit will leave me alone now because he likes me"? That's ridiculous. The busts on most Roman coins face the right, so this is somewhat uncommon, and further points to something pre-Severan. It's hard to positively identify without inscriptions, though the obverse - to me anyway - looks rather similar to the Divus Augustus on this coin issued under Titus: 

Athens under Solon the Lawmaker did not exactly outlaw polygamy per se (this was probably already illegal or socially unacceptable, excepting as concubines). Rather, it established the concept of legitimacy by excluding bastard children from the legitimate family and inheritance.