We can support (2) in two different ways. First, by thinking of the case of severely autistic people. Autism is a spectrum disorder that involves impairment to one 'theory of mind' i.e. with one's ability to recognize and perceive that other people are people, as opposed to mere objects. At the far end of that spectrum, it looks like we have individuals who genuinely could not ever "encounter an other". Such individuals tend to suffer a number of really heart-breaking impairments, but it is obviously absurd to say that they aren't subjects at all. There is one more wrinkle, that is a famous issue in Aristotle's metaphysics and that is that Aristotle recognizes a special subset of homonyms where there is enough relation between the different senses to allow us to investigate them all under one science. He calls this "pros hen equivocity" although it's sometimes known in the literature as "focal meaning" or in older medieval texts as "the doctrine of analogy". This is how Aristotle is able to reconcile his claim that "being" is not a univocal notion--chairs and redness don't "exist" in the same sense, with his claim that metaphysics is the science of being qua being. Let me expand upon why I think the metaphysical claims that the encounter with the Other being a transcendental condition of the possibility of your own subjecthood is implausible. Doing so might help explain why analytic philosophers aren't inclined to think "the Other", as Lacan and Levinas describe it, is in fact a useful category at all. So now Kant moves to Book II, the Analytic of Principles. The purpose now is to explain just how the pure concepts of the understanding are applied to or provide rules for determining appearances, for so far he has only described the necessity that they refer to sensuous objects by way of the transcendental unity of original apperception, the bare fact of consciousness. Judgement is the faculty tasked with "distinguishing whether something falls under a given rule or not." Transcendental logic can assist here by pointing out "the case to which each rule is to be applied."(B175, A136) So the first chapter of Book II "will treat of the sensible condition under which alone pure concepts of the understanding can be used, that is, of the schematism of pure understanding."(B175, A136) Still following? To recap, given that we possess pure, a priori concepts that necessarily and strictly refer to sensible objects, how does a non-empirical and non-sensible thing like a pure concept interact with a sensible object? What seems to be at play here is that the (naive) realist position still emotionally appeals to most people, including most scientists, no matter how untenable and indefensible it has become. So rather than give up the name many philosophers prefer to redefine the term, and then show that their version can be made compatible with the colloquial usage. That may be so, but this Wittgensteinian move certainly radically redefines the original meaning of "realism". Question: It is assumed that Galileo's argument should work with something like "free fall in a vacuum" premise properly spelled out. But I don't see where such premise could be used, or how non-vacuum would alter the conclusion, or why Aristotle's theory is self-contradictory rather than just empirically wrong. Is the problem just in unspelled premises or is the reasoning itself logically flawed? Is there a logically correct "a priori" argument? I used to think that Kuhn's "incommensurable paradigms" are an exaggeration, and perhaps they are, but there is a genuine problem there. Let us grant downward correspondence, that is that "less advanced" paradigms can be imported into "more advanced" ones using anachronistic translation, and cheerfully assume that today we know what's true. This still leaves the problem of Gettier knowledge. The justifications historical figures had for their beliefs invariably depended, at one place or another, on something that we now hold false. People often ask on the history site if people knew p before modern times, or who first discovered p. I usually give a colloquial answer, with reservations, and then try to explain how modern concepts emerged, and differ from the historical ones. Is there a more principled way? Kuhn's dissolution of the question as meaningless seems extreme, but the colloquial interpretation is hardly a satisfactory philosophical position.