Dictators offered racial/ethnic solidarity - you would be united with people like you. People like your neighbors and friends. The power of the nation united would transform you. Hat tip to @Anixx, who would deserve credit for the answer if his answer included references. Fascism was surgical - remove the liberal elements and revive the people. Communism is an ideology of mass destruction. 1) Long before Rome fell it had abandoned Republicanism. After Diocletian and the Crisis of the Third Century the Emperors no longer felt any need to consult with the Senate. The Senate's role in government and in the legitimacy of the Empire was symbolic. This is the first flaw in the question - the transition between Republic and Monarchy occurred during the Roman Empire. Update: As @Semaphore has pointed out, Grand Dukes are distinct from Archdukes. The critical fact is that the duke is sovereign. A sovereign ruler use any title including Duke, Grand Duke, ArchDuke or "poobah and bottle washer"; the heir apparent to a sovereign rule is a "Prince" unless local tradition or autocratic decree mandates a different title. I continue to maintain that the real answer is, "Whatever the currently reigning Archduke says to call him", or "Whatever tradition says" - but wikipedia's (unsourced) assertion has some merit. If the ruler is sovereign then the heir apparent is a Prince. Also in response to @Jamesqf, that argument carries a great deal of weight with the young - they tend to reject their parents beliefs. But OP is asking about national leaders who aren't that young anymore. Second, "economics" undergoes a couple of phase changes in the period. First, the downfall of the ancien regime because the governance of France rejected any and all competent economic advisers. Then Adam Smith articulates real economics for the first time. Before that, economics was idiots in a sandbox with sharp knives. (I am doing a disservice to brilliant men who overthrew the Corn Laws and a dozen other geniuses who happened on the right answer without any of the tools, but I'm writing an H:SE answer, not a book.) The stereotypical image of a Jew in Middle Ages (and the portrayal of them) was of course "the money-lender". From Ivanhoe's Isaac of York, to Shakespeare's Shylock, to "Проклятый жид, почтенный Соломон" from Pushkin's The Miserly Knight, we see the archetype. This is most likely a bad translation from Chinese (or more specifically, bad translation from English to Chinese, then literally translated back into English). Derives >50% of their income from money-lending. Wikipedia's Shylock page says this on the historical background section: The agencies in the Wiki article NOT listed in the Chinese page are: So, what interests me is, just HOW common was the money lending occupation among Jews in 1300 to 1700AD period in Europe? The European Personnel Selection Office (EPSO) European Administrative School The only Blue Storm associated with EU is an IBM super-computer bought in 2001 for The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF). It's hard to tell which of these became mis-translated as 蓝色风暴共和国, but I'm going to venture a guess that it's Europol (European Police Office). I don't see any point to distinguishing between money-lenders who lent to gentiles vs. those who lent to other Jews, but if you wish to put that level of finesse into an answer, power to you :) According to the communists, only the laboring class would rise; all others would fall (and probably fall to the knife). Take a quick look around you - are you willing to bet your family's life that you're one of the elect? Are you completely sure that there isn't someone poorer than you who will claim that you are bourgeois? (Hint: if you're using the internet, I can guarantee that there is a class of people who will happily denounce you, and seize your property as their own.) France didn't have the equivalent of a constitution, or a real legislative branch. France had a perplexing combination of absolute personal rule combined with entrenched customs that could not be altered by any known mechanism. 1) Generally he wouldn't; his parents would find someone to give him employment. Family connections were key. Third response - which is the second response in a slightly different form. In the beginning of this period, land was wealth and wealth was land. Production was intended for consumption and the concept of "investment" was .... nebulous. Investment meant planting a crop like olives or wine that might not return a harvest for many years. (and was largely the province of the church) Over time the middle class rose and began to contribute value. The middle class is the first class that can invest - they can create tools that make work easier in the future. They can use money to set aside value for the future. But the tools to understand and manipulate wealth are ill understood. At some point the value produced by industry exceeds that produced by land. At that point it is proper and necessary for governance to include economic advice. Somewhere around this point we enter Mercantilism, which is one of the most destructive heresies outside religion. Eventually that transforms into the modern economy. Update: As @Semaphore has pointed out, Grand Dukes are distinct from Archdukes. The critical fact is that the duke is sovereign. A sovereign ruler use any title including Duke, Grand Duke, ArchDuke or "poobah and bottle washer"; the heir apparent to a sovereign rule is a "Prince" unless local tradition or autocratic decree mandates a different title. Dictators offered racial/ethnic solidarity - you would be united with people like you. People like your neighbors and friends. The power of the nation united would transform you. Yes, this has no sources and is therefore a bad answer. I haven't researched the guild system deeply, but my impression is that everything said about guilds is an overly broad generalization that is meaningful only as an ex post facto academic generalization for analytical purposes. Real understanding of the guilds would require research into a specific guild in a specific city at a specific time.