We can identify several views regarding the suffering of Jesus. (1) That he did feel fear and grief, but did not sin. (2) That he did not feel fear, per se, but did feel grief. Within (2), there are differing understandings of why Jesus felt grief and agony. Those who (a) accept penal substitution will argue that he was suffering on behalf of his people, while others (b) say that his suffering was due to people's sin and their rejection of him. 

Apology, Chapter IX. St. Augustine Questions on Exodus (French). See question 80 in particular, a portion of which is available in the work cited immediately below. Soul of the Embryo, p119 Brenton's Septuagint The Questions on the Octateuch, 48 Summa Theologica, Second Part of Second Part, Question 64, Article 8, Reply to Objection 2 Harmony of the Law, v3, Sixth Commandment Geneva Study Bible, Ex. 21:22 Complete Commentary English Annotations on the Holy Bible For example, Adam Clarke, though born around 1760, published his work in 1832, so he is too late. John Gill is pre-1800, but merely marks the debate and does not take a position. Calmet's works are only available in French and Latin. 

John MacArthur more thoroughly explains his view of John's intention here: 

When the king questions them, they respond by saying: Some have also suggested that Augustine shared this view, based on a passage where he uses language from Romans 11 and calls the elect from both Jews and Gentiles "a truer Israel,"17 but elsewhere he emphasizes a future conversion of Jews.18 John Calvin, though apparently also seeing a future conversion of Jews, nonetheless argues that Paul's meaning with "all Israel" is "the whole Israel of God," including both Jews and Gentiles, just as it is in Galatians 6:16.19 Here, the grief is seen as a human response to sin, and as something necessary to show his human nature, but not an example of him bearing God's wrath against sin. 

Reformation era In the Reformation era and subsequent centuries, a similar understanding continued, but some Christians began treating this passage as referring to fetuses without qualifying their age. John Calvin (d. 1564) calls it a "great absurdity" to consider only the death of the mother a capital crime: "Wisdom" refers to the Word of God; that is, Jesus "Wisdom" is the personification of a divine attribute, and perhaps a type of Christ, but should not be understood to be Jesus himself The first view was widely held by the church fathers and several centuries of Protestants. However, in the 20th century the second view became more popular and now dominates Evangelical scholarship. 

John Gill understands them to be the sort of hearers who 

Many commentators throughout church history have addressed this issue, though not all of them have done so while specifically citing or quoting the passage in question. Thus, for example, we can't necessarily agree with modern editors when they tell us that the Didache (1st/2nd century) and the Apostolic Constitutions (4th century) were referring to Exodus 21:23: The Geneva Study Bible (1599) adopts a similar understanding.8 John Trapp (d. 1669) understands "no mischief" to mean that "no life be lost" but says: 

The Word of God: Jesus The typical patristic understanding of this passage was that Wisdom refers to the Word of God: that is, the Son of God, Jesus. As you note, this raises some questions about the meaning of one key word in verse 22, translated "created," "formed," or "possessed," and this verse was a major battleground in the Arian controversy. 

Among Protestants, this view is commonly associated with dispensationalism. The Moody Bible Commentary says: 

Calvin saw two reasons for Christ's fear: the wrath of God against sin, and the physical suffering and death of the cross. Quoting Cyril, 

John Calvin strongly defends the midwives on this point, saying that obeying Pharaoh here would have been "an inexcusable contempt of God." Methodist commentator Adam Clarke writes that the women rightly obeyed God's command from Genesis 9:6 rather than Pharaoh's. Nonetheless, these authors agreed that at least for some fetuses, this passage teaches that abortion is murder. At least partially due to a faulty translation, these authors held that early abortions were not murder, and some made it explicit that they were instead finable offenses. 

Application and summary Hendriksen writes that the lesson of the parable is: This view was popular among the church fathers, as the Catholic Encyclopedia summarizes: 

Protestants typically argue that Jesus is explaining how one might be "saved by works," and not suggesting that it is actually possible for the man to accomplish it on his own – on the contrary, he implies that it is impossible. John Gill's analysis is helpful: