I do not see the ZF fanatic as facing a predicament. I see Aaronson facing a predicament. How can he defend his Platonist argument with a non-Platonist argument. 

Thus, I would argue that achieving an unpredictable outcome for a single toss is possible. If the coin's unevenness does not influence the outcome of an individual toss, it cannot influence the outcome of a sequence of tosses. Any bias that may manifest itself must be bias in those factors that determine the outcome. On the surface the answer would appear to be no. However, it is possible to make a case for yes. Regarding the first part of your question concerning our ability to acquire knowledge of the ideal world, as we agreed in my answer to your previous question, we can never really be certain if our formalization of a particular theory or (non-trivial) ideal is either correct or fundamental. We can be guided by principles like Occam’s razor or we can appeal to aesthetics and experience, but none of these techniques can provide certainty. Ultimately we can never know. On the plus side, the remarkable utility of our mathematical theories tells us that even if we are creating emergent theories rather than fundamental, ideal-world theories, what we are doing has real value, including intellectual and artistic value (if that's not too airy-fairy), and we are guided by Plato's vision in this regard. Anyway, this all has little to do with your original question concerning probabilities. I am guessing that the “possible worlds” referred to are those of the universe of set theory, in which case it is the transfinite arithmetic I have referenced my original answer would be the key (or so I believe). He then turns around and rebuts his antagonist's objection to his Platonism with a non-Platonist argument when he says "why should you even say there’s a fact of the matter about whether something is or isn’t provable in ZF". He is rejecting LEM as applied to ZF, saying there are statements S in ZF such that "S is ZF-provable or S is not ZF-provable" is not true. 

Let S' be the result of extending S to include LRP. We can then modify the above proof into a formal proof of G within S': We have various proofs demonstrating the truth of the Gödel sentence. I'll present an argument given here. 

I believe the only requirements on a system to have incompleteness obtain are the following (I might be missing something): The class of axioms and the rules of inference (i.e., the relation "immediate consequence of") are recursively definable (as soon as the basic signs are replaced in any fashion by natural numbers). Every recursive relation (Note: here Gödel is referring to what are now called primitive recursive functions) is definable in the system. Since the argument assumes the soundness of the system under consideration (in the formal version the assumption of soundness is captured by LRP), it establishes a link between provability and truth (and, if I am right to think that the double turnstile is to be read is model-theoretic truth, it establishes a link between provability and model-theoretic truth). Furthermore, the arithmetical machinery at work in the proofs makes explicit appeal to the standard model of S, namely . It then relies on the familiar analysis of truth simpliciter as truth in . So, "is true" in the first argument above can be cashed out as "is true in " and that seems to pretty explicitly invoke model theory. 

To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. 

Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional.