Theory moves around not just facts, and statistics, but definitions, as it evolves. 1) traditional Angels, who are very much like humans (both being images of God) but with none of the limitations of physics, and It is clear that sentiments don't qualify, so yearnings, insecurities or other motivations for winning can't be an important part of a moral argument. Neither can natural human desire for a given outcome if it is just an emotional position contingent upon our humanity. Our eyes seek certain colors and isolate them, but not for some philosophical or hard-physics reason. We have a three-primary color wheel because it is inborn. By certain theories, we evolved from apes that ate fruit, so we have sensors primarily for water and unripe and ripe fruit. We would not have this model of color if we did not impose it. As a psychoanalytic type, I think we also transmit the aspects of this process that are discarded to those around us via more mundane interactions, so that they have another chance for incorporation into a narrative. This is not very central to the notion. The rest of the underlying mathematics may still be a form of our intuition. Notions like the continuity of space, the basic properties of metrics, etc. may be part of the form that proceeds from us, while its 'flatness' is synthetic, and would be different if we lived at a different scale or speed. A total non-idealist physicalist might think that we learn the notion of causation by observation. But as Hume points out, that does not seem quite possible once you look closely enough. It might make sense to back off from something as basic as space and time to color. Clearly, we do not perceive color in a way that clearly maps to any thing other than our own evolved senses. Outside of the realm of human beings, the primary colors are not the same, and there are not always three of them. There is a degree to which exposure and empathy with the motives of criminals, especially war criminals who have committed atrocities can degrade your sensitivity to the mistreatment involved. So there is a cap on how much one should invest in such understanding. We seem to have a natural attraction to violence. If everyone gave into this and the media displayed all the details of every gruesome murder for public consumption, or even if we as a culture spend too much time taking in entertainments in which murder is commonplace, we might collectively become blase about the suffering of the victims and their families. We are using their tragedy for our own edification or entertainment, and since only very few of us can legitimately help them (as ends) in doing so, that is treating them as mere means. In the process, we are degrading our moral sensitivity to them as people. The volume must be limited to the level where the attention can be directly properly so that we maintain our perspective.