As a starting point, your odds of hitting a set on the flop with a pocket pair is The equity advantage of starting hands is exponential. Chens formula give more weight to Aces than to Kings, etc. but that will mean nothing on, for example, a four flush board with no card of that suit in your hand! Think, "Are our Implied Odds (IO) favourable?" and "Will we have enough Fold Equity (FE) later in the hand?". Playing with this in mind with marginal equity, yet high potential hands like PP's is good due to commonly having high IO whilst having low FE, and vice versa. 

Obviously, the nuance you're considering is valid. Our ability to outplay this opponent and whether that is more valuable in the long run than just taking a more volatile approach and trying to get stacks in now is worth considering. That said... Essentially, What you are today you are now becoming! 

Generally, mid to large PP's 99-AA are likely profitable from anywhere due to their underlying strength. They have all the advantages of small PP's, plus the addition of better showdown value. Specifically, opening a small pocket pair from any position should be considered with regard to just a few important things: A8s is approximately within the top 13% of hands depending on how you use hand rankings but it's very close whichever way you look at it. In this instance, your opponent would have to restrict his calling range to approximately 7% of all hands to be a ~55% favourite, give or take a small adjustment because of the blinds already in play. Simply put, if you let the type of game interfere with what you believe/know to be an effective strategy, then that's a weakness. Depending on your motives for playing poker, it's only detrimental to your skill set if you're letting obviously bad play, when engaged in play-money poker, become a habitualised part of your game when playing for real money. Sometimes calling, sometimes raising, sometimes folding, depending on your opponents tendencies is best. How you balance those actions, giving preference to any one of them at any time, is what adjusting strategically is about. Your opponents aggression, positional awareness, and table dynamics will all guide your decision here. 

(note: I'll stick to talking about open-betting pre-flop and not cold-calling which leads to similar post-flop situations, but infers different ranges for all players involved. Also, I consider small PP's 22-88; mid PP's 99-TT; and big PP's to be JJ-AA. JJ is a special case. Closer to being a mid PP IMO, as I find it's commonly misplayed and is often better considered more like 88, 99, TT than it is QQ, KK, and AA.) All this is obviously just a small part of the decision process. There are a lot more factors to consider. There are situations where it's a good idea to play pocket fours and other situations where folding Jacks makes a lot of sense... It depends on the action, how your opponent(s) play, is it tournament or cash, how deep everyone is and much more. When it comes to pocket nines or above, things change significantly. 

Let's strip it down to its core: Pocket pairs are good because if you go against an opponent that doesn't have a pocket pair, he needs to hit the flop/turn/river somehow in order to have showdown value. You don't have to connect to the flop to do this, because you already have a pair. This is actually the reason why pocket Aces are the best hand. In this case, your opponent has to connect to the board. But because there is no higher pair than Aces, he has to do it twice in order to win (with some exceptions obviously). This is unlikely to happen, especially in Texas Hold'em. 

What this means is that, unless you hit a set, the value of your hand will be low, especially if a multi-player hand. 

Small pocket pairs lose their value as their rank goes down. Let's take for example pocket sixes. Cards bigger than sixes are 7 and up, this means (14 - 7 + 1) x 4 = 32. There is a huge chance that one of those 32 cards will show up on the board. Now if we consider pocket threes, then there are 44 cards bigger than a 3. 

If your level of post-flop skill is such that flopping sets is how you plan to make money with PP's then it's likely that you'll be missing a ton of value, if not losing with them. That said, these will be some of your most profitable hands if played correctly, shorthanded or full ring. To that end, improving your hand-reading will help you play those PP's best when you only have one pair, a draw or thin value to bet with instead of the monsters that you're already comfortable with. Using PP's solely to flop sets isn't a winning strategy. Generally, mid to large PP's 99-AA are likely profitable from anywhere due to their underlying strength. They have all the advantages of small PP's, plus the addition of better showdown value. 

A8s is approximately within the top 13% of hands depending on how you use hand rankings but it's very close whichever way you look at it. In this instance, your opponent would have to restrict his calling range to approximately 7% of all hands to be a ~55% favourite, give or take a small adjustment because of the blinds already in play. 

In short, I believe you're assuming the author to have said something that he hasn't. It's still an interesting point though. Sometimes calling, sometimes raising, sometimes folding, depending on your opponents tendencies is best. How you balance those actions, giving preference to any one of them at any time, is what adjusting strategically is about. Your opponents aggression, positional awareness, and table dynamics will all guide your decision here.