This may be why education is an important part of the solution. If their fear of the consequences is greater than the social rewards, it may be easier for them to quit. Unfortunately, the social rewards can be quite high. However, depending on their age, I would take more decisive action. For a younger child, I would treat this much more severely and invoke the aid of a counsellor, supervise their activities more closely so that they had less opportunity to engage in the behaviour, and make their teachers and the parents of their friends aware. For those parents that were not supportive of my concerns, I would not allow my child to be at their house or with their child unsupervised by someone I trust. In short, I would treat this as I would if they were doing any drug recreationally. Though I would be tempted to forbid them to smoke and forbid their friends too, this is likely to alienate them. As with any adult behaviour, now they have to deal with the consequences. It is their response to these natural consequences that will determine whether or not they continue since this started as a choice. If there was an easy answer, there would be a website for it. I thought it was heartening that "Youth smokers make more attempts to quit smoking than adult smokers." If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: ask them about why they made this choice, how it makes them feel, and why they do or do not want to continue. There are reasons why they started and these need to be addressed. inundate them with information on the effects of smoking and drug addiction. They need to be aware that this is a gateway drug and that making this choice will make it easier to make other risky choices that they might not have otherwise made. explain how their actions affect me and our family explain my expectations of their behaviour and negotiate reasonable parameters which essentially prevent non-smokers from being affected by (coming into contact with) their smoking encourage them to put limits on their habit and identify when they would consider it bad/too much and seek help Start with the SEVEN HABITS if you can only get one of these books now. MOST of them are old enough you should be able to get them from your public library in the US too. In the past, things like this (toilet flushing, hand washing, turning off lights, etc. have come and gone and this method works and by the time a few weeks to a month has passed she has either outgrown the "forgetfulness" or learned what she needed to and we've moved on. For some reason, this particular habit has had a staying power the others have not. In regard to other situations My daughter has two older cousins that are, shall we say "undisciplined" so it was especially tricky. The cousins are by-way of an in-law and her parenting style at family functions at least is pretty much "leave well enough alone." She let her two year old slap the newborn all the time when the second one was an infant and said, "Well she is expressing her frustration about the disturbance the baby has made in her life." Obviously, talking to the parent wasn't a real option for me. Then, you might try explaining what he saw. You can talk about sex with a child of any age and explain it is how babies are made, that it is something adults who love each-other very much do, but that you have to be ready for it and no who is four is ready for it. Or, if that is too uncomfortable for now, you can explain it with something along the lines of calling what he saw a "special hug" between two people who really love each-other. It is important to include that this hug is shared in private and that it is for people who love each-other in a way that is different from how a nephew loves his uncle or a mother loves her son. It is a type of hug that can only be given between two people who BOTH agree they want the hug (your brother, of course, doesn't want the hug). You might also put an age on it to indicate that it is a hug for adults so he doesn't start asking preschool mates to join him in a "special hug". There are likely to be tears, "I know its really a bummer - we will miss you so much. This must be so sad for you, but you've shown me I just can't take you." Then, walk out the door. You've expressed empathy, but don't lecture, don't discuss, just leave. First, if I hadn't seen what happened, I asked. I let both kids tell me their side of the story. This gave me great information to use with my daughter later if we needed a follow up discussion - either about different choices she could make to help herself out of a situation sooner, or about different choices she could make altogether (like sharing nicely). How to Talk so Kids will Listen and Listen so Kids will Talk This book discusses the pitfalls of too much praise, how to use non-evaluative statements, how to correct or critique constructively instead of deconstructively and yes, how to actually listen to your kids (somewhat). If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: Though I would be tempted to forbid them to smoke and forbid their friends too, this is likely to alienate them. As with any adult behaviour, now they have to deal with the consequences. It is their response to these natural consequences that will determine whether or not they continue since this started as a choice. This may be why education is an important part of the solution. If their fear of the consequences is greater than the social rewards, it may be easier for them to quit. Unfortunately, the social rewards can be quite high. ask them about why they made this choice, how it makes them feel, and why they do or do not want to continue. There are reasons why they started and these need to be addressed. inundate them with information on the effects of smoking and drug addiction. They need to be aware that this is a gateway drug and that making this choice will make it easier to make other risky choices that they might not have otherwise made. explain how their actions affect me and our family explain my expectations of their behaviour and negotiate reasonable parameters which essentially prevent non-smokers from being affected by (coming into contact with) their smoking encourage them to put limits on their habit and identify when they would consider it bad/too much and seek help