3) Tiagra, 10 speed, but better at shifting than claris and sora Resin or Organic: Non-metallic, porous, worse in water. Much better initial grab, quicker wearing Grand total of $711. I've ridden this bike 7047 km in 15 months, so it cost me 10.1 cents per kilometre, or about $48 a month. Common: All of these have shifter mechanisms in the brakes, so they're "brifters" Nothing road-based has thumb shifters like a MTB. So your $550 of repairs would be about the same if your bike originally cost $2k. Locally, milk tanker drivers are awesome at passing with extreme room. They don't slow down from their permitted maximum of 90 km/h but they will give me a full lane of passing space where possible, which is 5-6 metres. I made a couple of clamps out of thin sheet metal for my rack, which wrap around the seat stays and bolt through the rack. 2) Sora, 9 speed. Relatively uncommon on new bikes becuase 10 is a two-digit number (that's the reverse of Shopkeeper's pricing theorum where another digit makes it look more than just one more.) Answer: No - you can't just move the brake levers up the curve of the handlebar drops. If you did this, the bar tape would be bunched up above the hoods and skinnied-out below the hoods. The motor-bike helmet protection system will be calibrated for higher impact speeds, and so will give little brain protection at cyclist speeds. Now add the I got a fantastic new bike factor. Figure that at another 10 watts. Your guess is as good as mine. So you'll probably see 1 to 1.5mph (1.6 to 2.4kph) improvement for short rides such as you describe. The best seemed to be Bianchi 1981 Catalog. It should answer a lot of your questions. Sitting up more, with hands on the tops. Your hands can be close to the middle or wider to the corners. You'll find each position puts your wrist in a slightly different position. Palms further back, with some fingers either side of the "horn" of the brifter. You can not easily operate brakes from this position. Good for variety. Can alleviate discomfort. My advice is that you consult a sports medicine specialist, for example a physiotherapist, especially one who specializes in knees. power and speed. Perhaps you're just trying to pedal too hard for that knee.