Allah has ninety-nine Names, one hundred minus one, and whoever believes in their meanings and acts accordingly, will enter Paradise; and Allah is witr (one) and loves 'the witr' 

Firstly I would like to clarify that there are things in the sunnah which are not in the Quran, and they are authentically reported, and it is required to accept it, for the Sunnah is revelation like the Quran. And the Authentic Ahadeeth never contradict the Quran, and lastly the Quran is in need of the sunnah for it explains it, while the Sunnah is not in need for the Quran to explain it. Every soul shall taste of death; then unto Us ye shall be returned. And concerning the second exception "lying in/during war" an example for it would be if a leader would be taking his army to war, he would conceal information of the place of battle from the enemy by outright saying that we are going to go to "such a place" but go to another but concealing that information. And I would like to point out that the one who tells a lie for instance to bring people together and fix problems between them, he/she isn't considered a liar: Source: Muttaqun Online To see the ninety-nine names in the link, scroll down. 

recommended form of worship or action. Doing a mustahab activity will be rewarded by Allah but not doing a Mustahab activity will not be considered sinful. 

Please your sources if possible. 

Lying is forbidden except in three instances, and they are: 

To read the Quran in the Salat, and out of it in Ramadan, is something praised/praiseworthy. But in the Taraweeh (and in the other Salat), you may read as much as you can, even if it is a short Surah, and if you are an Imam then be conscious of those who are following. Lastly, it is not necessary for you to complete the entire Quran in The salat. Also it is Sunnah on the Imam to read the whole Quran once in Taraweeh during Ramadan (and this is the position taken by the Hanabalah and the majority of the Hanafiyah), but if he cannot then it is ok. And whoever of you reverts from his religion [to disbelief] and dies while he is a disbeliever - for those, their deeds have become worthless in this world and the Hereafter, and those are the companions of the Fire, they will abide therein eternally. so recite what is easy [for you] of the Qur'an (Mustahab) means it is loved or liked, example if you have a choice of reading the Qur'an in Arabic or English than it is more liked to read it in Arabic. Better definition: 

Reincarnation is not in accordance with the Qur'an or Sunnah. In Islam we believe in the hereafter, meaning we die in this life and and are brought back to life in the next. The concept of reincarnation is that someone dies and then begins a new life in a new form. Islam rejects this concept, we believe that when we die we go to the Barzakh and we stay there until The Day of Judgement. Furthermore the concept of reincarnation basically means one doesn't die, just begins a new life in a new form/body, but Allah says: It is Mustahab to read the Qur'an in Arabic because it is the language which it was sent down. When it is in other languages sometimes the full meaning is lost, and is not the Quran anymore, rather a Tafseer and the words of men, so it is good to read in Arabic it's language. if you can't than try to learn Arabic. but it is not haraam to read it in other languages, you are not kept from that. 

May Allah forgive my mistakes. 

Haram means forbidden. The word usually refers to what food we eat, ether it is halal/permissible or haram/forbidden. But it can also refer to a action. It safe to say that if one is chores, one won't be able to ponder over the meanings. What one should do is set a certain time of day for reading the Quran, morning after or before Fajr is a good time for it is when you wake up and your brain and body has rested. 

There are ninety-nine names mentioned in the Quran, and in authentic Ahadith, anything other than these names are weak or fabricated. 

The sciences of the Quran is made of a number of researches like Maki and Madani, and Tafseer, Annasikh and Al Mansookh. One of these researches are Irabul Qur'an. 

'The person who (lies) in order to conciliate between people is not a liar, when he conveys good or says (something) good Sources, and links for more information (in Arabic): this, this, and this. 

The Prophet {Peace be Upon Him} said that if forty people who do not associate anything with Allah in worship. make salatul Janazah (funeral prayer) over a Muslim that died than Allah would accept their their intercession for him. Riyadussaliheen. In another Hadith it states that if 100 Muslims pray over (funeral prayer) a dead person, all of them interceding for him, their intercession will be accepted. Sahih Muslim.