An alternative approach is to observe that the prevailing model does a poor job of predicting experimental results, scratch together a theory, and state "The results of pea plant crossings is well modeled using the model, Rules L." At this point, no statement of ontological truth is made, just an empirical announcement that this model fits the data so far. Over time, if no better model comes forth, people may elect to change the phrasing to "The model is true," not because any additional evidence had come forth, but simply because it is convenient to think that way. This may be very unsatisfying mathematically, but linguistically it captures how ideas evolve, simplify, and are passed on to new generations. In this scenario, we're going to need to define a few more propositions to properly capture the entire process, step by step. First, we are going to start with Pp, the "prevailing hypothesis." This is the presumed answer, based on what people knew at the time. It's also something we'll be overturning, so don't be surprised that you already know its false: 

In this, Graham Priest in both his In Contradiction (1978) and Doubt Truth to be a Liar (2005) affirms that when it comes to Truth, we need to understand its propositional content as tied to the act of Asserting something. Specifically, Truth is supposed to be the ideal form of assertion - when you say something, you do it in the aim of its being true, and that's what being true consists in. Assertion might, we think, have some kind of deontic component - what people can and/or ought to assert is subject to some conventional norms, with the above suggestion that you can back up your claims with good evidence being one possibility. If people are thinking about logic and mathematics purely syntactically, they'll generally stick solely to the latter as their conception of necessity. You can use this as an opportunity to make the Use/Mention distinction. Then you can use some examples of descriptions with identical referents, like Water and H20, and embedding them in a particular theoretical context, in this case, molecular chemistry. I'd also like to point out that the system you're working with as presented is radically unstable. 

In Hartry Field's Saving Truth from Paradox (2009), he splits the resolution of the Liar paradox into two broadly distinct strategies. Either we can accept Classical logic, but need to restrict the class of propositions over which Truth can meaningfully operate, or we can weaken logical inference to block either the deduction of a contradiction from the Liar proposition or, accepting the existence of a contradiction, to deny the principle of Explosion - that whenever we have a contradiction, we can infer anything we like from it. 

I have good evidence to suggest that your banana is yellow. I also have good evidence to suggest that it's actually brown (see, look at all of those splodges and bruise marks). So, if our norms of assertion commit me to stating everything that I have good evidence to suggest, rather than hiding some of them for the sake of personal convenience or coherence with a preferred theory, I ought to really say that both of them are true, even when we might say that the banana being brown actually satisfies the assertive conditions for it not being yellow. This doesn't mean I'm committed to asserting that the moon is flat and that pigs can fly; so I should accept that my assertions here are driven by a dialethic logic that can process some contradictions without falling into trivialism. 

The best success I have had is taking a slightly different tack. Instead of arguing "Bigfoot does not exist," I argue that acting on the belief that Bigfoot exists is counterproductive. By adding a layer of action on top of the belief, there is room to make arguments that would be impossible if I simply targeted the belief itself. 

Now he goes about "falsifying" Pp, by demonstrating that his new [conflicting] theory, P1, fits the data cleanly while Pp looks less reasonable because it is a poor match to the data. To "prove" P1 using the scientific method, he uses one final proposition, the null-hypothesis, P0: "Pea plant crossings do not operate near a 3:1 ratio with a random variance around that point." If the data from his upcomming rejects this P0, then the only valid theory remaining is P1. 

Mendel then does the experiment, analyses the results, determines that H0 can be rejected because it's just too statistically unlikely that the results had anything but a 3:1 ratio. 

Of course, all of the modern scientific approach involved statistics and falsification of hypotheses, and all sorts of things that are relatively new phrasings. More traditionally, the process may be simpler. The fact that Mendel's model does a good job of explaining the experimental results and the prevailing model does a very poor job of explaining them may be sufficient to argue that Mendel's new model should be considered "right," without all the formalism of null-hypotheses and other features of modern scientific methodology. A speculative reading of the construction might be this: if you take Tarski's point about the impossibility of consistently defining a theory of Truth without a stronger metatheory at its face value, and you suggest that the accessible distance between our world and a world at which a full notion of truth is definable can be realized as a modal claim, you get what Beall is trying to do. Negation is essentially modal, to understand negation we move to our world's metatheoretically richer clone (whose own clone, apparently, is our non-enriched version), and when we do that, we wind up with some basic semantic contradictions, but nothing that overrules the consistency of truth at the level of the states of affairs we posit to constitute our actual world. 

The problem with this line as I see it is that it deliberately seems to avoid the challenge of the hardcore realist. Fine, assertions might be internally contradictory and this doesn't necessarily mean you're committed to asserting anything and everything. Dialethic logic as a way of representing and processing how people talk (or their commitments to talk) has some interesting applied use. But you only get there by talking about contrary states of affairs, that seem to have a certain amount of tension between one another (represented in assertions by the negating function).