To weaken the wheel you really want to remove a multiple of 4 spokes, so you balance leading, trailing, left and right. Six would be tricky. If the rim is reasonably strong you should be able to remove 12 as 3 groups of four to give that Shimano-style gapped spoke pattern. You'll have a gap, obviously, but the wheel will still be somewhat evenly tensioned. The key point, though, is that the side force is still present regardless of the shape of the section. You could have a perfectly flat plane and it would still experience the side force. [NB for 'quick release' please read 'conventional axle in slotted dropouts'. A simple nutted axle may be slightly better than a QR in theory, as it can provide a higher clamping force. However I'm not convinced that in practice it is safer, as it will be less obvious if it loosens or slips, and in fact the greater bolt diameter will generate a stronger unscrewing force. The safe alternative is a properly clamped axle combined with fork ends with a blocked exit slot, as shown in the pictures below.] I strongly suspect that you could build a SON dyno into a rear wheel by making a fixed gear cog or freewheel assembly that bolted onto the disk rotor mounts. You could probably whip one up on a lathe in less than a day. That would give you the advantage that you could use that wheel as front or rear in any bike, albeit at the cost of the rear wheel being mounted off centre. The disadvantage is that SON would rightly laugh at you if it broke, and of course you'd void the warranty the instant you did that. Schwalbe make bicycle tubes in a wide range of sizes with both Schrader and Presta valves - if you can find what you want on this page your LBS will be able to get it (although it may take a while). There are quite a few choices in 305mm presta tubes. Velocity definitely make 305 rims, and at least when they were in Australia would use their available extrusions to make semi-custom rims to order - most often so you can get the number of spokes/drilling pattern you want, but they would also make odd sizes if the extrusion was compatible. But they've moved to the US and I have no idea what they're like now as far as custom builds go. My feeling is that you can spend a lot of time and money trying to avoid just paying for something that will work. The purpose of these web pages is to explain the danger of using a disk brake with a standard quick-release fastening for a front wheel on a bicycle. I would not bother. But then, I would not bother with 4 cross in the first place. Spoke count matters more - a 24 spoke racing wheel is just not designed to be used for load carrying. What I think is important is (in order) 32 or more spokes, a properly built wheel, a decent rim, and a decent hub. You can do a lot just with a properly built wheel because if the spoken tension is nice and even even a relatively low-quality rim will not be stressed past its limits. The derailleur wheel is dished it's not as strong, as Rohloff discuss here and this Rohloff fan page might help :). (via the esteemed Dave Moulton whose post I got the image from contains an interesting discussion about why we have trail) Ideally you'd rebuild the wheel with the missing spokes distributed as a missing pair from every 6 spoke positions, but that would probably be more work than you want to do. If the wheel isn't fairly new the chance of stuck spokes is high, and disturbing it makes it more likely you'll damage something. But... you're only going to save 20-30 grams, when a lighter wheel will save more. I'd stick with the strong wheel and save/scrounge a light one. The actual cheap option is a second hand wheel, or a second hand bike. It's probably cheaper to buy a second hand bike, and this time get one with 700c wheels. The small frame bikes might look nicer with smaller wheels, but as you've found it is not worth the hassle when anything happens to the small wheels. I've seen skinny tyre touring bikes with 559 wheels, but I don't recall seeing a road bike or hybrid built like that. They might exist, I just haven't seen them. For remote touring I would be more inclined to rely on solar, unless you're touring a long way north (if you were that far south you'd be paddling not pedalling). A bottle dyno won't work, and I suspect you really want disk brakes. I would also be inclined to use a Rohloff if you want reliability, but I think you'd need to be slightly nuts to take three of them (one in each wheel). Buying a set of the Shimano rear hub dynos is quite practical, with the minor limitation that you're only going to be able to have a 9 speed cassette (you may already have decided to do that for reliability reasons). The guy I know who's riding the Canning Stock Route is using derailleur gears (although he is also meeting a bit of traffic, so it's perhaps not as uninhabited as its reputation would suggest). You could easily fit a single speed adaptor kit to the Shimano, although changing it to fixed would again void the warranty. Quite why you'd want to fix a touring rig including a trailer I'm not sure, the only people I know who've toured on fixies have regretted it, and most have gone to gears very quickly (after less than 1000km). Towing a trailer with a fixie is challenging, I did it once when the guy who started it got sick so I swapped bikes with him. Would not do it if I didn't have to.