Some environmentally-concerned parents have been going back to cloth recently (although in my experience, parents typically don't do this for second or subsequent children) (Population numbers taken from The New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History and The Penguin Atlas of Recent History, both by Colin McEvedy.) However, the JFK comparisons stayed in Quayle's stump speeches (VP stump speeches generally have to be approved by the POTUS candidate's people, when they aren't just flat out written by them). He even made the comparison during his VP debate performance. So the real question we are left with is why Technicolor succeeded, where the earlier technology failed. Instead, they were made of cloth, and were washed between uses. People of middle-class or better means typically had a service for this purpose. Much like a milk service, the diaper service would daily bring you clean (cloth) diapers and take away the dirty ones to be washed. Perhaps this was a bit more like the milk delivery service in reverse. I first heard about it being used by aussies, but its Wikipedia entry implies (without any backup that I can see) that it is known to be a favored tactic in Italy. There's a good bit of exposition on this period in the Wikipedia entry for Mandatory Palestine. The British "reluctance" appears to have taken official form in the 1939 White Paper. The background section of that entry seems to be particularly informative about this period. Where the analogy (probably?) breaks down is that there were a great many conservatives who flat out wanted the man dead (as evidenced by later events), and that the FBI felt he was a danger to the State, and treated him accordingly. Note that there was a breif time in the late 1960's when more people were against it than for it. 30 years later, people were in favor of it 4 to one. Today, as in 1939, its more like two to one. So you could say, on this issue at least, we are exactly as "liberal" as we were duing the Depression. As bizarre soul who actually blew some of his vacation in '88 on a Florida beach that summer watching the Rep convention coverage.. Here's a video of MLK on NBC's Meet the Press in 1965 receiving this exact same treatment from a panel of white journalists two years later. All these criticisms will sound quite fresh, if you follow the discussions around current American social justice movements. Surprisingly little seems to have changed in that regard. To make matters worse, right on the other side of Romania is the Hungarian Plain (or Alföld), which was also perfect territory for those same pastoralists. One can imagine that in the middle in their way was not a fun place to be. The Technicolor folks, coming along a decade later as they did, would have been in a position to learn from the financial mistakes of their predecessors. In particular, it appears they put a priority in coming up with a system that didn't require all those expensive projectors: The Death Penalty is an intersting issue to study, as we have good polling data on it going back almost a century: