As a person who has never played indoor cricket, I cannot pin-point any differences. However, while I play with leather balls and tennis balls, I notice that there is a marked difference in batting and bowling techniques. It's not very easy to say what you are doing wrong while bowling in indoor cricket. Long story short, if a batsman gets bowled off a free hit and the ball goes to boundary, then YES, 4 runs will be added to the batting side. 

Absent-Hurt: This is a scenario where a batsman is not able to come to the pitch to bat even without facing a ball, due to prior illness or injury. In this case, no runs will be added to his career stats and therefore, will not affect this average as neither will the (Innings - not outs) change. So, his batting average prior to the game is the same as that at the end of it. 

Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. Lack of Variety: Like you mention in the question, limited-overs cricket these days is about variety and out-thinking the batsman than actually bowling good line and length. Gone are the days when batsmen played the ball on its merit. With the advent of T20, most batsmen try to hit every ball to the boundary or over it. In ODIs too one can observe the drastic decrease of left-alones to the wicket keeper to deliveries outside off-stump without the batsmen attempting a stroke. Keeping a constant line and length would make oneself predictable and therefore the batsmans job that much easier. Mcgrath was from a different era and the batsmen and their mentality was different then to what it is now. Also with all due respect to Siddle, Mcgrath was in a league of his own. So it would not be a valid comparison. In non limited overs cricket (i.e. 5 day test match cricket or 4 day 'First class' cricket), there are almost no restrictions on where fielders can be positioned, the only restriction being a limit of two players behind square on the leg side. You will sometimes see situations in which every fielder, apart from the wicket keeper, is on the boundary. This is sometimes known as a 'ring field'. Typically you would see this if a top order batter is batting with a tail-ender. The bowling team wants to stop the batter scoring boundaries, but are happy for them to score a single bringing the tail-ender on strike who they have a better chance of getting out. The source is Cricinfo Statsguru. Use this pre-made and sorted query to see the latest Women's test matches. Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers. A swing bowler tries to deceive the batter by getting sideways movement through the air (known as 'swing' in cricket). By contrast, a seam bowler tries to get sideways movement off the pitch by landing the ball right on the seam so that it may deviate one way or the other if it hits an imperfection (such as a crack or lump) on the pitch. 

Law 2 in the ICC Law Book states that, Total overs -> This is the total overs played (batting) and delivered (bowling) by a team. This one has a catch though. Is the game a tie? -> The non striker has completed two runs whereas the striker has just gone back to the strikers end. The strikers effort is considered as a one-run-short and the two runs that non-striker has run is reduced to a single. This scenario, ties the scores and the match ends in a tie. 

Has the bowling team won? -> Though the non striker has reached the strikers end and gone back, the batsman hasnt made any effort to take a run. This is considered as a no run and the bowling team is declared winners. My question is based on this third scenario. Two fielders are running behind the ball. The first slides, stops the ball and wants to pass it to the second fielder. But his throw misses the second fielder and the ball rolls over the boundary ropes. In the super over, if one of the openers gets injured, then the third nominated batsman comes out to the middle.However, if one of the openers is already dismissed and if another batsman gets injured - it gets interesting. According to the rules in the main match, if a team is 9 down and a batsman gets injured, the batting team will have to bring their innings to a closure as everyone else has been dismissed. Strange as it may sound, if the same rules apply to the super-over, if a nominated batsman has been dismissed and another injured, then the team forfeits the remaining balls in the over and they end up with the then prevalent score. It's not very easy to say what you are doing wrong while bowling in indoor cricket. 

Few countries play full Test Matches in Women's Cricket these days. Since 2007, there have been only 4 Women's test matches played, all being Australia playing England in the Women's Ashes. The last test played between any other nations was Netherlands vs South Africa in 2007. 

Originally, the idea was that all teams must play every other team within a time window (I think it was 5 years) and only the most recent series against each opponent would count and be weighted equally. This was abandoned in favour of the above mentioned weighting of recent games because the cricket boards didn't want to be locked in rigidly to completing all the series that this would require. Basically teams like India, Australia, England and South Africa want to be playing each other much more often because that generates more revenue than playing against smaller countries like New Zealand or the West Indies. Particularly, everyone wants to play India as much as possible because that is where most of the money in world cricket flows from. 

Shane Warne made a lot of fuss later in his career over the delivery he claimed to invent which he called the 'zooter'. However, it was simply a backspinner as had been bowled by many bowlers before him and was easier for him to bowl than his other variations once his shoulder had worn out from years of bowling.