You already quoted 5:1 but if you go further you can read: A husband also must be aware that among his duties towards his wife there's the necessity to satisfy her (sexual) needs. The only limitation is your capability and the order to not harm yourself or your wife, so none of you should insist on having sex several times if it may hurt any of you and you should respect each others needs and desires. This is taken from this Arabic fatwa on islamweb #6216, note that my understanding of wajib in the hanfi madhhab is that it is something between fard (obligatory) and sunnah mu'akkada (highly recommended) and therefore not doing it is not considered a sin, but this definition of term may not apply to the other quoted scholars terminology! In the qur'an hajj is often quoted beside 'umrah. So both kinds of pilgrimage are clearly mentioned and have a backup in the qur'an itself. The major difference between both is that hajj can only be performed in a specific time in specific days in the year (see 2:197 and Why Quran use 'Months' for period of Hajj?) while 'umrah can basically be performed at anytime and that hajj is obligatory if one can afford it based on (3:97) End quote from Fataawa al-Lajnah ad-Daa’imah, 11/439 After all it seems to be the best for him to do circumcision, but one should also take into account the age etc. so maybe under some conditions one should think twice about doing it or not, after all it's more a sunna as Qadi 'Iyad stated! Note that according to this Fatwa it's not mandatory for a convert and shouldn't be a (major) condition for conversion: This means if the convert fears for himself because of the circumcision he doesn't have to do it. So if you are convinced of what you pretended: then normally after the 3rd talaq you should refuse him, separate and leave him -if possible- and try to seek talaq (if you have at least 2 witnesses) or khula' as he became mahram for you as he is -from a shari'a point of view- no more your husband, so he shouldn't see you uncovered neither have intercourse or any kind of relationship which is haram with a mahram! All Praise to Allah Swt and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. It would be good if you more eloborate your question,However if you have missed the 1st rakah with Imam in prayers then you have to start with Thana or dua Isteftah ,which is regarded as the Sunnah part of the prayer. All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions. Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. All Praise to Allah Swt and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Man , woman or adult children each are due to pay zakah if above conditions are applicaple over them.Scholars have mentioned in their fatawas that it is permissible if someone from family pays the zakah on behalf of nisab holder like a woman has enough gold but she doesnt earn then her husband or other could give on behalf of her otherwise she has to give zakat from her Gold. Now as per your query ,if you are saving this amount for a long time like a year has passed over it and you have reached your age of puberty then you have to figure out the month the day and the amount when it reached the nisab level,, you can calculate from zakat calculator too, and if after calculation you figure out that your zakatable valauables reaches the value of the nisab and year has passed over it then you are liable to pay the zakah whether you work or not and if you dont possess for an year then you dont need to .Your Query is useful as there are so many misconceptions among people that if head of the family is paying zakah then its enough for all. "He who can afford it but did not offer a sacrifice must not come near our place of prayer." (Our evidence for wajib) End quote from Fataawa al-Lajnah ad-Daa’imah, 11/439 with the sacrifice o those who complete hajj quoting some views: All three kinds are covered in the hadith: start the day fasting until one really starts his trip or one can eat even before leaving home (at day time in Ramadan). But it doesn't address the views of madhhabs and seems to be based on some seemingly contradictory narrations. I've read an essay of al-Albani discussing whether one should: All this can basically be regarded as maslahah (public interest) or sadd a-dhrai' (closing a halal "door" which may lead to haram) in the osol al-fiqh (see for example What are basic (osol al fiqh) differences & similarities between the 4 (existing) Legal Sunni Schools: Hanafi, Hanbali, Maliki, & Shafi'i? Charts?). If stunning happens before the slaughtering then there are three cases: Short answer for your other questions sources: islamweb and a fatwa of ibn Bazz. You already quoted 5:1 but if you go further you can read: Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions. Prohibited to you [for marriage] are your mothers, your daughters, your sisters, your father's sisters, your mother's sisters, your brother's daughters, your sister's daughters, your [milk] mothers who nursed you, your sisters through nursing, your wives' mothers, and your step-daughters under your guardianship [born] of your wives unto whom you have gone in. But if you have not gone in unto them, there is no sin upon you. And [also prohibited are] the wives of your sons who are from your [own] loins, and that you take [in marriage] two sisters simultaneously, except for what has already occurred. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful.(Quran 4:23) All Praise to Allah Swt and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions