The examples given in the question are not examples of resultative adjuncts. Resultative adjuncts give the result of an action, e.g. An appropriate umbrella term that subsumes both resultative adjuncts as well as depictive adjuncts is participant-oriented adjuncts: clean, silly, into a mediative state, drunk, and angry are all participant-oriented adjuncts because they assign a property to one of the participants in the sentence. 

There is, however, a more concrete way to approach the classification of a verb like keep. It is not an auxiliary verb, since it does not license subject-auxiliary inversion or VP-ellipsis, nor does it accept not as a postdependent: 

The term part of speech refers to the traditional word categories. Usually, somewhere between eight to twelve basic parts of speech are posited, e.g. noun, verb, adjective, adverb, adposition (preposition, postposition, circumposition), coordinate conjunction, subordinate conjunction, interjection, ... 

Looking at that article, however, the number of aspects that one needs to accommmodate all the various morphological and lexical mechanisms across languages that can express what we broadly construe as "aspect" is very large. My assessment is that the science in the area is not exact, nor can one expect it to be exact based on all the nuances. The grammarian therefore has a measure of freedom in the nomenclature he/she employs to denote the aspect at hand. The particular inventory of aspects posited is likely to vary from one grammarian to the next. While predicative adjectives are often introduced by the auxiliary verb be, they also appear without be, e.g. A predicative adjective is (part of) the main clause predicate, hence the term predicative. An attributive adjective is also a predicate, but one that is not part of the main clause predicate, e.g. 

The adjectives drunk and angry in the examples in the question are more accurately characterized as depictive adjuncts. They depict the state of a participant during the process expressed by the verb. Depictive adjuncts are typically predications over the subject. 

Many languages encode the distinction in terms of word order, as pointed out in the question. In Germanic languages (English, German, Dutch, Icelandic, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, etc.) attributive adjectives precede the noun to which they assign a property, whereas predicative adjectives usually follow the noun to which they assign a property. The comments by user2619 and jlawler answer the question directly. I can add more information here, so that a deeper understanding of the distinction between predicative and attributive adjectives is established. 

The situation is no different in other areas of grammar. The inventory of semantic roles (thematic roles) assumed varies from one grammarian to the next. The inventory of adjunct categories (causal, concessive, temporal, manner, etc.) also varies from one grammarian to the next. Why should it be any different for the inventory of aspects that the grammarian posits? 

Note that one can distinguish between participant-oriented adjuncts and participant-oriented complements. The following sentences illustrate participant-oriented complements: From a technical standpoint, the distinction between attributive and predicative adjectives can be examined from the point of view of structural syntax. An attributive adjective is a dependent of the noun to which it assigns a property, whereas a predicative adjective is not a dependent of the noun to which it assigns a property. 

The term syntactic type is simply vague. It could refer to anything that is assumed in the domain of syntax. It could refer to words, phrases, clauses, other specific word combinations. I have no clear associations with what is meant when I see syntactic type out of context. 

I think iterative fits best, although durative is another possibility. The verb keep can express iterative and/or durative aspect, meaning that it indicates the repetition of an event or action that persists. Iterative and durative are listed as an aspect in the Wikipedia article.