As virimaior discussed, logic is the foundation of many diverse philosophical methodologies, but it is perhaps best understood as a common (but not universal) tool of a wide variety of philosophers. 

Plato's thought has been hugely influential on world religions, with Platonic ideas having been integrated into Christianity (and arguably Islam), via the intermediary of Plotinus, a influential philosopher in the Platonic tradition. A mature science deals with structured, testable predictions, within a preexisting conceptual framework. However, most (arguably all) sciences are preceded by philosophical treatments of the same territory. The philosopher establishes, or at least outlines the conceptual framework the scientist will later use. During the development phases of a science, empirical and philosophical questions are likely to interact. 

In summary, the tension you experience between faith and science is not unique to modern times. As such, it has been addressed extensively in the philosophical tradition. You may not find any of these above viewpoints compelling, but hopefully you can see how people can be familiar with a scientific viewpoint and still find faith a necessity. In practice, of course, there can and often are specific science-based claims that are incompatible with specific religion-based claims. To give what is perhaps the most notorious example, the accepted scientific explanation for the development of diverse biological life on Earth entails timespans that are many orders of magnitude larger than the timespan for the existence of the Earth promoted by what are called "Young Earth" creationists, who typically advocate an interpretation of the (Judeo-Christian) Bible that casts it whenever possible in purely literalist and physicalist terms (which, despite its pose of orthodoxy, is not the most mainstream way to interpret the Bible). A person would clearly not be able to consistently hold both those positions at once. Some people can, and do, however, accept scientific orthodoxy on all and only the points that don't directly contradict important religious convictions. 

Even in the early days of mathematics, the very idea of evaluating things quantitatively and making comparative estimations of value based on number surely had a profound psychological and philosophical --and thus moral --influence. In more recent times, modern mathematics and logic have discarded the notion that "you cannot argue with an axiom" --many axioms are a matter of choice and preference, and choosing one over the other is surely value-laden, although the moral implications may be obscure. It's also worth noting that you would need to tighten the definition of "potential" if you didn't want to open yourself to counterarguments along the lines that anything could "potentially" be intelligent. You seem to be developing a concept of "on the pathway" to intelligence, but that would need to be brought to maturity before you could use it effectively. "Argument from authority" is an especially tricky fallacy because we're so often forced to rely on experts in the modern world. The key to avoiding it is a) make sure the authority is relevant b) in as much as possible, examine and evaluate the arguments and the evidence provided by the experts yourself and c) don't overreach on the conclusion. 

I would say the answer to the first question is a clear "yes." Not only can we view, historically, religious beliefs and rituals as precursors to early scientific beliefs and practices, we can also note that many historical figures, from the ancient Egyptian priests to Descartes, have made scientific advances that have grown out of their religious beliefs. 

I'm no statistician, but this makes sense to me if you translate it into ordinary language. The probability of a theory H being true in light of a single piece of evidence E is the probability of E being true in light of H times the probability of H, divided by the probability of E. This analogy seems to me rather to suggest that our ontology likely has limits that we cannot conceive of. After all, if the dog was able to formulate the thought, he would probably also describe his ontology as "maximal." 

You can legitimately argue that Plato's orientation to philosophy is essentially religious, with the philosopher's relationship to the Ideal of Good (in Plato's system) being analogous to the relationship of a worshiper to God. However, if the Ideal of Good is to be identified with God, it represents a very abstract, depersonalized, intellectual vision of God. I've sometimes heard this referred to as "God of the Philosophers", the unity of all perfections. The religious orientation latent in Plato is made explicit in the work of Plotinus, who clearly identifies the Ideal of Good as a godlike being. Even in the case that the subject of study is the same, it's no surprise that science and philosophy can attract widely different personalities. The innovator of a science must have at least one foot in the world of philosophy, but a researcher in a (mature) science often finds success through avoiding the kinds of open-ended questions that most appeal to a philosopher. 

For the second question, the answer clearly depends on your own religious beliefs. The most general, neutral evidence for religion having its own, ongoing legitimacy, aside from any historical scientific benefits, is exactly as you mentioned --that many smart, educated people continue as believers. 

Taking your question specifically as "how does the philosophical tradition reconcile faith and science"? Neither claim is universally endorsed or uncontroversial. What can be shown is that IF both claims are accepted, it could (together with several other claims, similar to those in the referenced question) make up part of a solid anti-abortion argument, but that neither claim alone could serve that purpose. 

Essentially, if you're looking at a single piece of evidence, you could make up any number of theories to explain it. If the evidence is a gun in the study, one theory is that Professor Plum left it there, another is that it was Miss Scarlet. Given that, at most, the probability of your theory being true in light of that single piece of evidence is the same as the probability of your theory being true independent of that evidence.