Note: I know that MSO users can get unlimited links simply by linking to their S[OFU] account. Usually someone has to tell them this though; it isn't necessarily clear. The "Citizen Patrol" badge is given out for "first flagged post". I'd suggest that this also include comments. In other words, if a user flags a comment before ever flagging a post, you should give him the badge for flagging a comment. Migrating this from: http://stackoverflow.uservoice.com/pages/1722-general/suggestions/118664-add-support-for-abbr- "Spoiler" tags would make the site seem kinda juvenile and unprofessional, IMHO. I think Wikipedia did away with their "spoiler warning" tag for the same reason. Update: Looks like Chrome has fixed this bug now! Not sure what release will first include the fix though. As I see it, there are two options here: The new image-based flair is using ClearType for the text. ClearType should never be used in images for general usage. It assumes that you are using a monitor with each pixel composed of red, green, and blue subpixels, in that specific order, arranged horizontally. This is not true for all users. On some monitors, the pixels are arranged blue-green-red (this is why Microsoft has the option in the ClearType Tuner). On mobile devices, the orientation of the subpixels depends on the orientation of the device. I'm not sure how CRTs handle this (I haven't used one in about five years). http://img378.imageshack.us/img378/6092/2manynums.jpg If these assumptions are not met, the image looks bad (especially in the case of monitors with blue-green-red subpixels). http://img22.imageshack.us/img22/3092/cumulativepostssmall.png I think there is a real need for this. Since reaching 10k tools on SO, I've noticed that many times these types of "answers" are flagged as spam. If the answer gets 6 of those flags, the user will take a 100-rep penalty, which isn't very fair to the user who wasn't intentionally doing anything wrong. (Especially since this type of answer isn't even what the spam flag is intended for.)