It's easy to find incidences of "right" wing violence in the left wing media. If you want to find left wing violence, you have to look in the right wing media. E.g. Breitbart reports that a female reporter for The Hill was punched in the face: Donald Trump's administration has not been bound by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. The first deportation already occurred in April. There is nothing keeping DACA people from being deported. That's the whole problem with doing the program as an executive action. It only lasts as long as it has presidential support. While rare, Trump's win in the electoral college while failing to win a plurality of the popular vote was not unique. See 2000, 1888, and 1876 for other examples. Grover Cleveland won a plurality of the popular vote three elections in a row without winning a majority once. He also said similar things on The O’Reilly Factor, February 12, 2016. The far bigger problem isn't deportations but jobs. People who were legally employable under DACA will lose their jobs when their work authorizations expire. Or their employment would be illegal. That starts happening involuntarily March 6th, 2018 without additional changes. But people in the program could be deported earlier than that. Absent action by the Senate in the remainder of Obama's term, Trump will control any ratification activity in his term. The Senate can't approve a ratification request unless he sends it. The treaty has no legal impact on the US unless it is ratified. It's also worth noting that George W. Bush was only winning about 11% of the black vote in 2004. So Trump's 8% was not nearly as big a drop as it might otherwise be. He actually did better than Mitt Romney in 2012 and John McCain in 2008. They have already stopped taking new applications and renewals. So people who never registered for the program can be deported as of September 6th, 2017. However, as I said earlier, the Trump administration already could (and had) deported people covered by DACA. This just removes that particular appeal as something that the administration could allow. The protest was about a statue of Robert E. Lee being scheduled for removal. Lee was a Confederate general during the Civil War. He died decades before the Nazis came to be. While remembered as allying with racists during the Civil War, he was not a Nazi. He did not advocate genocide against Jews, blacks, or anyone. Some people who support him now may be Nazis. The indictments of Manafort and Gates, as they aren't (directly) linked to Russia, appear to be a result of "matters that arose directly from the investigation". As you can imagine, his actions and his statement garnered a lot of controversy, and in the intervening year other players (and even athletes in other sports) have joined in, sitting or kneeling during the anthem. Personally, I agree with you, that even the information that has been admitted by members of the Trump campaign (Trump Jr's emails, Papadopoulos' signed confession, etc.) clearly indicate we are somewhere among the bullets above. How exactly this all shakes out is still unclear. Trump's statement (and other similar tweets about the NBA) received widespread attention and criticism from many groups. Many players, owners, and teams, even those that hadn't previously taken a position, spoke out in support of their player's rights to express their views. Free speech groups objected to the President appearing to condemn a constitutionally-protected protest. Entire NFL teams knelt or joined arms, or stayed in the locker room during the anthem to signify their disagreement with what the president said. Now he's certainly not the first to express this kind of opinion, but it is a little different coming from the "bully pulpit" of the President of the United States. The U.S. also has direct military involvement in Afghanistan in which their Taliban opponents who are actively trying to kill U.S. soldiers and U.S. allies and to wrest political control from a U.S. installed civilian government in Afghanistan. These efforts are actively supported by groups in Pakistan's tribal area to which the Taliban fled when it was defeated by a U.S. led coalition in Afghanistan. Dead soldiers are a higher priority than minor diplomatic gains by a country that is neither a true friend nor a true foe (i.e. China). It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data. So, any determination of who really drafted an executive order has to be based upon surmise from drafting style, from the roster of aides in a position to be given the assignment, and from any available inside sources who have first hand (or second hand or more remote) knowledge of how the executive order actually came to be.