The western world may have largely forgotten about that war, but North Korea certainly hasn't. Anti-American propaganda is still widely distributed by their government, and the state-run media there routinely reinforces the paranoia that the U.S., along with its South Korean ally, remains poised at the border to invade at any moment. As far as they're concerned, the resumption of fighting is inevitable. The rest of the world has little reason to doubt that North Korea would absolutely use those weapons if they felt it necessary. 

Article II, Sec. 1 states that the qualifications for President are as follows: 

There is a lot that California can do on its own to enact some of the provisions of the treaty. But they are strictly limited in their ability to cooperate with international efforts, and to have their efforts recognized internationally. 

Additionally, the 20th and 25th amendments establish a line of succession upon death or disability of the President while in office, but do not affect the actual qualifications to be elected. 

The U.S. military's presence in that area is a show of force to China that the United States does not accept their claim, and it also serves as a signal to its allies and trading partners in the area (Taiwan, the Philippines, Malaysia, and Indonesia) that the U.S. is actively engaged in defending their interests there against potential Chinese aggression. 

Pro Life: People on the pro-life side of the argument see a fetus as an unborn child -- a bona-fide human life -- and is therefore entitled to all the rights and protections thereof. Since the right to life is the most fundamental right of all human beings, termination of an unwanted pregnancy is tantamount to murder. Although they recognize that the child's life is intimately connected to health of the mother, the mother has no right to end an unborn child's life for arbitrary reasons. Extremist pro-life activists believe that abortion should be illegal in all cases except where it is medically necessary to save the mother's life (and where there is no hope of saving the child), whereas more moderate pro-lifers would allow exceptions for pregnancies resulting from the rape or incest of the mother. 

Lastly, abortion is a much stickier issue in the United States than it is in the rest of the world. This is mostly because religion is a much bigger factor in America than it is elsewhere. Consider the following graph: (Source: Pew Research Center) 

In recent years, Presidential candidates have been subjected to increased scrutiny regarding their age and health. Concerns over John McCain's age and an alleged cover-up of Hillary Clinton's deteriorating health have made news cycles. Bernie Sanders' age has also been cited as a concern. 

The threat from North Korea is not "sudden". North Korea has brazenly stated for decades that they want a nuclear missile capable of reaching the United States. They have been working to develop their nuclear weapons program since the 1990's. Their nuclear tests in 2006 and their recent missile tests demonstrate the steady and consistent progress they have made towards that goal. 

So you see that in your question, you take it as a matter-of-fact that women have a right to abortion, which is common in many other countries. In America, however, that right itself isn't even a settled issue. 

All of these issues, however, are a matter of political wrangling, not a matter of law. The Constitution makes no requirement for any qualification beyond what is outlined above. 

I cut a lot of the text, but the Constitution makes it clear that an individual state cannot be a party to a treaty or make deals with foreign governments. California can pass its own emissions caps, carbon credits, etc., but they only apply within the state. It cannot enforce those provisions outside its jurisdiction, nor can it set up a system of carbon credit swaps with foreign powers or even other U.S. states. It also can't impose tariffs on imports that don't satisfy environmental limits (although it can tax its own citizens for selling/using them). 

There also needs to be a distinction made between negative rights and positive rights. A negative right is one which you have that cannot be taken away from you. A positive right, on the other hand, is one which requires someone to act on your behalf, or you to act on theirs. Both religious freedom and abortion are negative rights. It's one thing to have a law that protects a woman's right to an abortion. It's another matter entirely to have a law that requires a doctor to perform one. The negative right to the free exercise of religion is one of the only legal defenses a doctor who opposes abortion has against a law that would otherwise compel him/her to act contrary to his/her religious beliefs. 

In the United States, if a health care provider's right to religious freedom is in direct conflict with a law that requires him/her to perform an abortion contrary to their religious beliefs, the courts would apply the legal standard of strict scrutiny to that case. To summarize, the following conditions would need to be met: