If a justice votes to overturn, he is basically telling his successors, you can overrule me. That is highly undesirable. It negates the legacy you want to leave, and sows doubt about what the "law" actually is. Rule #1 on a court is this: be consistent. Follow precedent. Technically, there is no rule in the Constitution or the rules of the House that requires the Speaker to be a member of Congress, but the tradition predates the Constitution itself. According to this source, Had they not done so, Cheney would have been disqualified, and Bush would have had to name another person as his VP. (In actuality, he would have had to convince the electoral college to vote for another VP candidate, but I suspect that would have been formality, seeing as they were to pledged to vote for Bush.) Federalist Paper #75 deals with this objection directly.[1] To wit: In the election of 1872, the ticket was intentionally flipped by faithless electors. Why Credits and Deductions at all? His compromise was thus to have both branches play a role. The executive needs to be the decisive actor, but the legislature would temper him. Financially, there is no difference between a tax deduction/credit and a subsidy - except when and how you get your money. A subsidy would be paid to you directly, or since you have to file your taxes every year anyway, you can just settle up then. Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting In the case where the net result would be to approve a sale of firearms to those who shouldn't have them, the public would be misled into believing they are much safer than they actually are. In this paper, Hamilton first question whether the Executive or the Legislative branch should deal with this. He writes: And, seeing as Gen. Powell may be a Republican, but openly endorsed a Democrat for the Presidency, all I can say is, "Good luck with that."