Questions that syntax attempts to answer include: 

Quick recap*: where greek letters denote a (possibly empty) sequence of terminal and non-terminal symbols, capital roman letters denote non-terminal symbols and lower case roman letters denote terminal symbols. Equi verbs have a semantic subject: It is part of the meaning of to try that there is someone who is trying, which is Mary in this case. The verb try selects Mary as an argument, more specifically, as the subject argument. This subject starts of as the subject of the embedded clause and is raised up to the subject of the matrix clause, if you believe in a transformational syntax. The same does not hold for raising verbs: There isnt's any actual seemer, someone who fills a thematic role in the seeming event. If anything, a grammatical subject in a sentene with seem as the main verb would be realized by it (as in It seems that Mary is here), but then it is clear that this it is just a filler for something that would otherwise be empty, because there is no semantic subject; just like in It is raining, when it is not an actual subject that is raining; rain is a zero-place verb. The it in both senetences is merely a phonetic filler that needs to be there because English doesn't want the subject position to be emtpy, but there are cases where this pseudo-subject isn't an actual subject. The verb seem doesn't have any more theta role to assign, because there isn't a "seemer" - contrary to the verb try, which does assign the theta role of agent (namely the one who is trying). And since Mary is not selected as an argument of seem, it can not be generated as a subject in SpecVP. It's simply the semantics of the two verbs that make them behave syntactically different. 

This also solves all coreference problems, because complementizers are not referential. Therefore if there is any coreference in the relative clause, it is coreference of the sort called "understood" (also, "deleted", "a gap", "zero", "Pro" (of two varieties), or some other term, depending usually on what year your syntax instructor got their PhD). I'm not dealing with Chomsky here; I find Chomsky's proposals and theories about language and its supposed relation to human brains, minds -- and lately biology and genetics -- to be at best irrelevant, and at worst embarrassingly ridiculous. Either way, what he might say, or has said, is of no interest to me. For details, see The Chomskybot. I'm restricting myself to a discussion of syntactic rules as they are developed in McCawley 1998, which is pretty basic and non-formal (formality in syntactic theory is only justifiable to the extent it makes theories machine-washable, and that is not the issue here). That said, here's the presenting question: 

As for the tag in the question ... 

There are two great families of pronouns, both descending from Proto-Indo-European roots: 

Do-Support applies to any verb that's not an auxiliary, no matter what it means. Look at the data. Assuming one can recognize Passive sentences and distinguish them from Active sentences, one will soon discover that for every Passive sentence there is a corresponding Active sentence -- perhaps with an indefinite subject when the Passive sentence lacks a by-phrase -- but that this is not true in reverse. The following Active sentences, for instance, have no corresponding Passive sentences: 

This is an optional rule that applies only in a minority of relative clauses where the relative pronoun is not a subject or object, but rather the object of a preposition. 

Relative and interrogative pronouns and their allies, descended from the PIE root *kʷo- In English these start with WH: where, what, whither, whence, when, how, who, why, whether, etc. 

phonology: The structure of sounds. Questions include: Sometimes, semantics, i.e. the study of meaning, is seen as a part of grammar: To summarize, syntax is basically a sub-discipline of grammar that deals with the structure of more complex expressions, while grammar is the cover-term for every aspect of the system of rules that tell our intuition which structures are well-formed and what they mean, including word-level (morphology) and sound-level (phonology), possibly also meaning-level. 

If you prefer kinship terminology, reword "X is contained in Y" as "X is a daughter or granddaughter or great grandaughter or great great ... granddaughter of Y", and "immediately contained" as "X is a daughter, but not a granddaughter or great great ... granddaughter of Y" (i.e. there are no other mothers in the family line between X and Y). 

Type 0 grammars are completely unrestricted, whereas Type 1 grammars require all production rules to contain at least one non-terminal on the left-hand side (= LHS) of the rule which then expands to whatever sequence of non-terminal and terminal symbols on the right-hand side (= RHS), i.e. the LHS can not contain only terminal symbols. Type 2 allows only one non-terminal on the LHS; Type 3 additionally prohibits sequences other than one non-terminal and one terminal, or just one terminal on the RHS.