The child is probably acting the way he does for some combination of the following reasons: 

Without having nearly enough information to jump to conclusions here, I'm going to give some advice based on the conclusions I just jumped to above -- take it with a grain of salt: 

Never, EVER allow your children to go over to this kid's house. Who knows what is going on over there. 

You can't "fix" a kid who has a very dysfunctional home life unless you remove him from that home life -- something you obviously can't do. You can probably mitigate his behavior in your home, which might even help the kid a little, but doing so will be labor intensive. 

I'm not saying that your family's values are wrong, just that they are not typical. Most people walk around with the illusion that their values are the norm, simply because we tend to surround ourselves with people who share our values. You need to be aware of this because you seem not to recognize how foreign and hard to navigate your family's social scripts and values are to this kid. 

DO NOT let bad behavior go in the name of "love and understanding" -- anything you allow to happen you are implicitly endorsing. The same goes for your kids -- if you don't hold them to the same strict rules this kid will see it as persecution rather than enforcement. 

First of all, your family is not "pretty typical" outside your neighborhood. 38% of US households have at least one firearm. 98.9% of US households have television sets. More than 2/3 of kids have video game systems at home, and 92% of children and adolescents ages 2-17 play video games (pdf). 61.5% of children aged 9--13 years do not participate in any organized physical activity during their nonschool hours and that 22.6% do not engage in any free-time physical activity. I don't have stats on profanity usage, but asking around to a couple of teachers I know from middle-class neighborhoods, their 1st-3rd graders frequently require discipline for using profanity that is considered "okay" at home. I could go on and on. 

From this point on, I'm making some big assumptions because I don't know the child or the situation first hand, but here's what I suspect is happening: 

If you decide that you can live with the bad influence because the friendship is that important to your son, you need to take a two-pronged approach: take steps to keep this child's behavior from being adopted by your children, and take steps to improve how this child behaves around your family. 

No matter what you do, this kid will probably be a bad influence on your kids in some small ways. He can't magically undo your parenting and turn your children into sociopaths, though. 

Enroll your kids in a good martial arts program. In addition to discipline, dexterity, diligence, the ability to take criticism well, confidence, and a bunch of other great things kids can learn in martial arts, kids learn things like how to identify the difference between playfighting and real aggression, the same visceral aversion to even suggestions of inappropriate violence that my son has, and a good frame of reference for how to handle the kinds of situations this kid has put your son in with his comments. 

It is important to clearly define what is expected, what the reward (or punishment, if that becomes necessary) and to absolutely stick to it. If something is to be an effective reward he can't be thinking he can just wheedle it out of you if he falls short. That will undermine its effectiveness. And just as important, if he earns it you need to deliver or you'll lose his trust. 

If they say no and keep tickling you, it may be that they are playing, but it may be that they are trying to exert some kind of control (children often feel very powerless). If this bothers you, you can just say "If you break the rules, we can't play any more". 

It has been my personal experience that tickling is often not about amusement or "fun", and in this case it is not a positive thing. It can be a way to exert power over another person. People justify this kind of dominance play by saying "Well, (s)he was laughing so (s)he must have enjoyed it." 

There were several benefits from doing rewards this way. First is that since there was no intrinsic value to them, I could decide what they were worth. My children would ask me "how many gold pennies would this cost?" If it was something I wanted them to "buy" (healthy food that they liked at the supermarket, the right to choose where we went to dinner on our night out, chapter books, etc) I set the price fairly low, and if it was something I didn't want them to have (candy, comic books, etc) the price was high. That way they always knew they could get something if they absolutely wanted it but I stacked the deck in the favor of the healthy choices.