Also note that "primordial" existence of Prophet's Light doesn't mean that it existed at the beginning of time but rather in a sphere above and beyond time in the closest possible level to Allah's essence. 

There are many traditions that that endorse this belief. For some examples and a relevant discussion look at this article. Now to answer your question, you should note that prophet's worldly/bodily existence is different from his primordial luminous substance. The verse you quoted refers to Prophet's worldly existence. It is evident that the Holy Prophet was not born and physically present during the time of Prophet Moses. But the question rises, how could then he know about those past realities? The answer relies in the very theory of Prophet's Light. The fact that the Holy Prophet was enlightened about those realities is a testimony to the primordial existence of Prophet's Light through which he was informed about them, and in fact all realities of the universe. 

That's a good question Askander. But there are a number of points that should be reminded first: First i think the Verses 40 -120 of the same Sura seem to explain this very clearly how Allah gave them favors and forgave their disbelieve and how Allah saved them from Pharao and after that when Musa (peace be upon him) was invited and they turn to worship a calf in his absence ... 

You must understand the hadith from two possible angles: Now verse (2:97) informs us that Gabriel has revealed the Qur'an to Muhammad(), so already here we could say if Gabriel was human, what is the use of an other human prophet or messenger who is only an intermediate? Especially as we know that Muhammad was not been taught or instructed by a human: 

From all of this we can conclude that Gabriel indeed is neither a Jinn nor human, which means that he is an angel! 

The second verse (2:98) might create confusion, because Michael or Mikhaeel and Gabriel (Jibreel) have been quoted beside the angels and messengers, as if they were different from both! Note that in Arabic language this might be an indication for the important "position" or "rank" they may have while they either are messengers or angles to create a distinction between them and the majority! So basically from a linguistic perspective we could say they either are indeed different or part of humans or angels! 

(and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Tabarruj of the times of ignorance,) Mujahid said: "Women used to go out walking in front of men, and this was the Tabarruj of Jahiliyyah.'' Qatadah said: (even though their houses are better for them.) 

(then be not soft in speech,) As-Suddi and others said, this means, do not be gentle in speech when addressing men. Allah says: (and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Taburruj of the times of ignorance,) "When they go out of their homes walking in a shameless and flirtatious manner, and Allah, may He be exalted, forbade that.'' Muqatil bin Hayyan said: 

These are general commands to prophets SAW's wives, which are to be done always, not just after his death. And these are applicable to not just them, but all women. (Do not prevent the female servants of Allah from the Masjids of Allah, but have them go out without wearing fragrance.) According to another report: (And stay in your houses,) means, stay in your houses and do not come out except for a purpose. One of the purposes mentioned in Shari`ah is prayer in the Masjid, so long as the conditions are fulfilled, as the Messenger of Allah said: I am sorry, I didn't get how did you understand these are to be done after the death of prophet. (and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Tabarruj of the times of ignorance,) "Tabarruj is when a woman puts a Khimar on her head but does not tie it properly.'' So her necklaces, earrings and neck, and all of that can be seen. This is Tabarruj, and Allah addresses all the women of the believers with regard to Tabarruj. 

And it is also clear from the hadeeths that women went to masjid for prayer, came to prophet for learning and clearing doubts etc. (If you want, hadeeths can be added, let me know). (and perform the Salah, and give Zakah and obey Allah and His Messenger.) Allah first forbids them from evil, then He enjoins them to do good by establishing regular prayer, which means worshipping Allah alone with no partner or associate, and paying Zakah, which means doing good to other people. It is clear from the explanation that they can go out for a reason, but of course, when they go, there are conditions like hijab and all. 

(lest he in whose heart is a disease should be moved with desire,) means, something unclean. (but speak in an honorable manner.) Ibn Zayd said: "Decent and honorable talk that is known to be good.'' This means that she should address non-Mahram men in a manner in which there is no softness, i.e., a woman should not address a non-Mahram man in the same way that she addresses her husband. 

Coming to your specific question about abiding in the house, It doesn't mean that they should always sit inside their home. It means they should not go out in the middle of men like women during the period of ignorance did. If they have a purpose to go out, they can go. A good explanation is given in Tafsir Ibn Kathir (copied from here):