"Then Jesus began to denounce the towns in which most of his miracles had been performed, because they did not repent. “Woe to you, Chorazin! Woe to you, Bethsaida! For if the miracles that were performed in you had been performed in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. But I tell you, it will be more bearable for Tyre and Sidon on the day of judgment than for you. And you, Capernaum, will you be lifted to the heavens? No, you will go down to Hades. For if the miracles that were performed in you had been performed in Sodom, it would have remained to this day. But I tell you that it will be more bearable for Sodom on the day of judgment than for you." My own personal opinion is that there is Purgatory and everyone is cleansed for a finite amount of time before they can enter the Kingdom of God. Jews have to follow the Law of Moses as described in the first five books of the Bible, as this is the Eternal Covenant of God with the Jews. Gentiles have only to observe the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Laws_of_Noah We see that Abraham's faith was counted to him as righteneousness, and of course we know that Abraham was God's friend and had experienced God's revelation directly. Because of this direct experience and revelation, he was willing to stop relying on his reason and go up to sacrifice his son Isaac. From this we learn once again that the level of personal experience and revelation plays a crucial role in judging someone's actions. The Roman Cathecism issued by the Council of Trent, based on the opinion of Thomas Aquinas, believe that they may have been in Limbo (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo) and the virtuous pagans would have been caught up to Heaven during the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrowing_of_Hell by Jesus in the three days between the crucifixion and resurrection. 

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seventh-day_Adventist_theology#The_Heavenly_Sanctuary Early Christians were divided on this. 

ADDENDUM: In response to Caleb's comments I am adding the following quotation from the Cathechism of the Catholic church in support of its official teachings. I also found these books in my research on the answer to this question: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0802806155/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_1 

Source: http://contentdm.lib.byu.edu/cdm/ref/collection/EoM/id/4159 

1260 "Since Christ died for all, and since all men are in fact called to one and the same destiny, which is divine, we must hold that the Holy Spirit offers to all the possibility of being made partakers, in a way known to God, of the Paschal mystery."63 Every man who is ignorant of the Gospel of Christ and of his Church, but seeks the truth and does the will of God in accordance with his understanding of it, can be saved. It may be supposed that such persons would have desired Baptism explicitly if they had known its necessity. 

Other Universalists include groups like http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seventh-day_Adventist_Church 

Tertullian (c. 160-c. 220) claimed that it had been a common belief since the days of the apostles that Jesus descended to hell and preached the gospel. There was debate, though, as to who benefited from the preaching. But as for the soteriology, there are many opinons and no one really knows. My own personal opinion is that many people can get saved without having heard the gospel. They are judged and can atone for their sins in what is translated as "hell" but is "geol" or "gehinnom" in the original. 

My personal view is that being saved means eternal reconciliation to God and being in the Kingdom of God forever. Since God is all good, and just, and merciful, it seems very strong to me that God will save everyone who desires to be saved, or would have desired it if they had the choice. Even if they had incomplete information, they will eventually be saved. They may have to pay for their sins but eventually everyone will be in the Kingdom of God forever who would have wanted to be in it if they knew what that meant. "But they will have to give account to him who is ready to judge the living and the dead. For this is the reason the gospel was preached even to those who are now dead, so that they might be judged according to human standards in regard to the body, but live according to God in regard to the spirit." 

Specifically, for Luther and Calvin: In the end, however, if "seeing is believing," then seeing would ultimately be counter-productive, because God explicitly desires faith. And faith, as we know is the evidence of things hoped for - the rebuke / the real proof (my translation) of things not seen. (Heb 11:1) Jesus says as much to Thomas, after the miracle of the resurrection, in John 20:29 when he says: 

Soteriology: A Contemporary Roman Catholic Perspective Rahner, Foundations of Christian Faith, 24-43; The Content of Faith, 199-202, 344-349; The Hope of Salvation; (in class, Catechism of the Catholic Church). 

Churches as institutions have economies of scale that can more efficiently distribute aid. (Think Compassion International, Catholic Charities of America, the Salvation Army, etc...) [1] The gist of the story is that a rich guy (rich is 'Dives' in Latin, pronounced Div' - ees) dies and goes to hell. Once there, he really, really doesn't like the place, and begs Abraham to be able to go back and tell his brothers to change course, lest they end up there with him. His reasoning is simple - surely a miracle would prove to them that they need to repent! 

Boff, L. and C. Salvation and Liberation: In Search of a Balance between Faith and Politics. Translated by R. R. Barr. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis, 1984. This is why Scripture tended to speak of "tithes and offerings" as separate categories. In other words, Dives is making the case that if a miracle were given, then clearly people would believe and repent. Abraham is, however, proved exactly right every day, however, in that Jesus did come back from the dead [I know somebody is going to disagree with me on that!] and yet people didn't listen to him either.