She has also acknowledged her change in position, telling Question Time that: 

A Greater London Authority (GLA) report suggested Heathrow would even now breach the EU regulations on levels of Nitrous Oxide due to come into force in 2010. Extra flights would only make this worse. 

The bill was then passed in both Houses of Parliament unamended for enactment by royal assent, which was given on 16 March 2017. 

This article by The Independent is quite comprehensive and details Theresa May's stance on equal rights and her voting record throughout her political career. 

Labour Party Manifesto 2017 To sum up, the Labour Party hopes to fight terrorism using diplomatic resolutions as well as taking preventative measures at home. They also aim to prevent vulnerable people from being drawn into terrorism and not to alienate any minority communities in UK. 

Transport infrastructure around Heathrow already struggles. The extra demands would create gridlock. Conservative Party Manifesto 2017 To sum up, the Conservative Party aims to strengthen cooperation with allies around the world and also to sustain a fine armed force and strengthen the UK's security services. They also aim to set up a new commission to identify and expose examples of extremism and to counter their messages. Source: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-result-lib-dems-remain-liberal-democrats-live-policy-stay-leave-a7103186.html 

This BBC article sums up all the opposition against the expansion. 5. To keep the United Kingdom united As it's well-known that the Scottish National Party (SNP) is trying to push for another independence referendum, it's hoped that the Conservatives would gain more Scottish seats to the House of Commons after this election which would weaken SNP's dominance. However, it's worth noting that its creation precedes the EU and is technically not part of the EU though it has the same membership as the EU as seen in this article by The Guardian: So, by cancelling the 2018 Queen's speech, the parliamentary session will be extended to 2019, which is after the Brexit talks conclude. 

Since 1852, there have been 8 elections which resulted in no party getting a majority or forming any coalition - 1885, 1892, 1910, 1923, 1929, 1974 and 2017. (from Wikipedia - List of United Kingdom general elections) This could happen for a variety of reasons: the supporting party might think the resulting government was a better option than something else, the minority government might be the only option to form a government other than another election, or the supporters might get concessions. 

Source: Liberal Democrats's official site, http://www.libdems.org.uk/general-election-2017-tim-farron If a proposed government wins a confidence vote in parliament, it becomes the government. Other parties could support a government without actually joining it. A one-line Bill is expected to be drawn up and debated in Parliament, and Mrs May will be hoping that if that is the case, the Bill can go through the Commons and the Lords swiftly before becoming law as an Act of Parliament. 

@origimbo's answer is completely correct and accurate. I would just like to go into the details of the Supreme Court ruling and what the UK Parliament has done. As to whether a new general election will be called will depend on the new Prime Minister. It's also legally not required for an unelected PM to call a general election and there have been many former Prime Ministers who assumed office unelected and did not call for any election. 

3. To secure a mandate for the Brexit plan This election would allow the public to show their support for Theresa May's Brexit plan which she mentioned in an interview with The Sun: 

As quoted from the official UK Parliament website, business in Parliament will cease when it is dissolved: