Note that here Jia Yi also touched upon the success of Qin in splitting the Six States up diplomatically. No coherent or lasting coalition was ever formed in the east to challenge Qin hegemony, beyond the occasional battle. During the Song Dynasty, this aspect of Qin's rise became the focus of several writers. 

That's the earliest example of economic support after military rescue I can think of. More generally speaking, the idea that there were Buddhists in the Roman Empire is not very exceptional, despite the overly defensive objections of some. - Scheidel, Walter. "A Peculiar Institution? Greco–Roman Monogamy in Global Context." The History of the Family 14.3 (2009): 280-291. 

After an apparently fierce debate, Sempronius prevailed and Fabius became princeps senatus. The episode is reported by Livy in his Ab Urbe Condita Libri: 

The question of "proven age" is not really answerable to a very high precision, because it is difficult to say when exactly Christianity became a distinct religion separate from Judaism. Apart from the veil of history, you'd also have to draw a line between offshoot religions and mere sects. And there doesn't seem to be any real consensus on where that line should be. 

It is agreed that Yona meant Greek and that A'lasadda referred to Alexandria, but it isn't altogether clear which Alexandria. It seems scholars generally think it refers to the Alexandria of Bactria or the Alexandria of Arachosia. Alternatively, and I don't think anyone advocates this except the dubious Arthur Lillie, but it might also possibly be the Alexandria of Ptolemaic Egypt. 《宋·司馬光·資治通鑑·秦紀二》 齊人怨王建不早與諸侯合從，聽奸人賓客以亡其國 Note that historically, Chinese historians tended to focus on giving a seemingly factual narrative, punctuated by the occasional comment on a person's character or Confucian morality. A classical preference for conciseness further compounds the lack of in-depth analysis. And in fact, the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain began in the Southeastern England. Eopwinesfleot , in Kent, is preserved in chronicles as the site where Hengist and Horsa first landed in Britain. More concretely, East Anglia is generally regarded to be the first to be settled by the Anglo-Saxons. Both locations are within easy distance from continental coast.