Without having nearly enough information to jump to conclusions here, I'm going to give some advice based on the conclusions I just jumped to above -- take it with a grain of salt: From this point on, I'm making some big assumptions because I don't know the child or the situation first hand, but here's what I suspect is happening: First of all, your family is not "pretty typical" outside your neighborhood. 38% of US households have at least one firearm. 98.9% of US households have television sets. More than 2/3 of kids have video game systems at home, and 92% of children and adolescents ages 2-17 play video games (pdf). 61.5% of children aged 9--13 years do not participate in any organized physical activity during their nonschool hours and that 22.6% do not engage in any free-time physical activity. I don't have stats on profanity usage, but asking around to a couple of teachers I know from middle-class neighborhoods, their 1st-3rd graders frequently require discipline for using profanity that is considered "okay" at home. I could go on and on. The child is probably acting the way he does for some combination of the following reasons: taking pictures of things and using a photo album to keep memories. The memory is special. People are special. What objets represent is special. Objects are not special. As a guest, I once broke a glass and my host reacted by saying "that was its destiny". This thought was liberating. foundation of generosity - What can they share? What don't they need anymore that would make someone else happy? We do this by "finding good homes" for things - Clothing and toys area reasonable place to start. Knowing that possessions will give someone else enjoyment can make parting with things that have true emotional significance much easier. If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: Though I would be tempted to forbid them to smoke and forbid their friends too, this is likely to alienate them. As with any adult behaviour, now they have to deal with the consequences. It is their response to these natural consequences that will determine whether or not they continue since this started as a choice. Enroll your kids in a good martial arts program. In addition to discipline, dexterity, diligence, the ability to take criticism well, confidence, and a bunch of other great things kids can learn in martial arts, kids learn things like how to identify the difference between playfighting and real aggression, the same visceral aversion to even suggestions of inappropriate violence that my son has, and a good frame of reference for how to handle the kinds of situations this kid has put your son in with his comments. Without having nearly enough information to jump to conclusions here, I'm going to give some advice based on the conclusions I just jumped to above -- take it with a grain of salt: The child is probably acting the way he does for some combination of the following reasons: Never, EVER allow your children to go over to this kid's house. Who knows what is going on over there. DO NOT let bad behavior go in the name of "love and understanding" -- anything you allow to happen you are implicitly endorsing. The same goes for your kids -- if you don't hold them to the same strict rules this kid will see it as persecution rather than enforcement. If my child were closer 18, maybe as young as 16, I would approach it in the same way I would approach any decision I thought was not in their best interest: taking pictures of things and using a photo album to keep memories. The memory is special. People are special. What objets represent is special. Objects are not special. As a guest, I once broke a glass and my host reacted by saying "that was its destiny". This thought was liberating. Letting go of things can be difficult, even for adults. Culling possessions is a necessary part of consumerism. This particular scenario sounds extreme and I agree with Bill's comment that medical advice is required. foundation of generosity - What can they share? What don't they need anymore that would make someone else happy? We do this by "finding good homes" for things - Clothing and toys area reasonable place to start. Knowing that possessions will give someone else enjoyment can make parting with things that have true emotional significance much easier.