I believe you have misremembered in this case. 

"Heaven" has three principal meanings. The circumstances surrounding 1 Nephi 3:7 are an excellent illustration of this. 

Also, that there were two stones...and the possession and use of these stones were what constituted "seers" in ancient or former times; and that God had prepared them for the purpose of translating the book. With the Book of Mormon, inspiration is attributed both to the original authorship (by Nephi, Mormon, Moroni, etc.) as well as to the miracle of translation by Joseph Smith. As for extending the priesthood to all worthy males in 1978, a couple points should be made: 

God possesses power over the sea, the earth, the heavens because they honor him. And they honor him because he is who he is. Know ye that ye are of the house of Israel. 

This is a reference to Joseph Smith Jr., the first prophet of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

Discourses of Brigham Young, ed. Widtsoe 

That's next to impossible, as there aren't any detailed (canon) claims of day-to-day activity, quality of life, etc. that could help us out here. Another gender-based order (this time, in reverse) that is common in some places is for men to give the invocation, and women to give the benediction -- thus allowing women get the last last word ;) Messenger and Advocate, vol. 1 

And they would have had no children; wherefore they would have remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin. 

Joseph compared it to the raising of children. In some circumstances, a parent may punish a child for eating an apple (if it were stolen), but allow it in other circumstances (if it had been given to them). That may seen inconsistent to a young child, but eventually they will learn and understand. 

This concept (no fertility until after the Fall) is not taught in the Bible. It's hard to even ask intelligent questions, let alone answer them, about something that is so little understood. I am mathematically inclined, so I began thinking of this from that perspective. Currently, the LDS Church has a membership of around 15 million people worldwide. If we, however, only assume that one million men attain godhood from God's spiritual progeny on this planet and that this is the only planet on which His progeny attains godhood, then we would have a generational ratio of 1:1,000,000 or 1:10^6. If that ratio were to hold for each man that becomes a god in each subsequent generation, the numbers become quite large very quickly, even assuming linear growth rather than exponential. I understand the Book of Mormon has a list of witnesses. However, I have heard that these witnesses may not have actually ever seen the gold plates that contained the original manuscripts for the Book of Mormon, but were witnesses in a different sort of way. 

According to LDS theology, why is a person simply asked to pray about it, rather than looking at historical, archaeological, prophetical, and other fields of evidence that attest to the authenticity and divine authorship of the Bible? Also, how exactly is one expected to know whether or not God has confirmed that the Book of Mormon is true? How is God expected to answer the person's prayer? One conflict is that the teachings of the Mormons differ from some verses in the Book of Mormon. So, the question is not completely relevant. The Mormons teaching about Jesus is that both Jesus and God the Father were once men on another planet who attained godhood by being good Mormons there. This is the doctrine of eternal progression. "As man is, so God once was; as God is, so man can become."