To sum up why they didn't try this... 

The coastline was protected by large numbers of naval mines, and more would be laid by U-Boats and E-Boats. In addition to dozens of landing and patrol craft, mines took the largest toll on major naval assets. The cruiser HMS Scylla and destroyers USS Fury, USS Glennon, USS Rich, HMS Wrestler, USS Meredith and USS Osprey were all sunk by mines, or damaged so badly they were written off. In addition, the battleship HMS Nelson was damaged by mines. 

The Allied loses were very light, considering they had almost 7000 vessels making a frontal assault on a fortified coastline. And it was peanuts compared to the losses in the Pacific where a single battle might see the loss of three heavy cruisers. 

Many people seem to be confused that this was a plan developed during or just prior to WWII to defend the home islands, this is not true. Kantai Kessen was developed and adopted after the Russo-Japanese war (1904-1905) and well before the US entered WWII (1941). With that in mind, answers must take into account the interwar situation and mindsets of the 1910s, 20s and 30s. Anything from Pearl Harbor onward does not apply; by then the doctrine had long since been adopted and debated by Japanese naval leadership. 

The Kubinka Tank Museum has examples of M3 Lee, M4 Sherman and M5 Honey American tanks. Whether they are Lend-Lease or battlefield salvage I do not know (I'm doubtful about the M5 as the US only sent 5 of them). They're painted rather generically. 

A German Type VII submarine, their most plentiful, could do 18 knots on the surface, but just 8 underwater. Surfaced, they had a range of 8500 miles, underwater just 80 miles... at a leisurely 4 knots. While submerged a target had to almost run them over to allow a torpedo attack, they could not chase them down. 

Things did not go as planned for the Japanese; they went too well. The quick subduing of Allied territory and the destruction of the US Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor meant there was no American empire left to defend and no fleet to do it. This changed the war from a quick, honorable, decisive victory, which the Japanese could win (or at least negotiate favorably), into a long battle of attrition which they could not. 

The eventual statement was a bit softer. 

Because the tank arms race on the Eastern Front was so intense, the Germans had to use their heaviest and best armed and most expensive vehicles. However, this did not stop them from sending ponderous and overpowered heavy tanks like the Tiger II to the Western Front to break down in transit or be destroyed by Allied air power. 

But the idea of diplomatic and economic sanctions was floated. 

That said, walking around casually in the US I don't see any WWII equipment either. Lend-Lease equipment would be 70 years old and no longer in use. The majority would have either been destroyed on the battlefield (for example, the Soviets lost 77% of their tanks), or scrapped. Survivors will be in museums, old factories, rusting in a field somewhere, or sunk under water. If you want to see WWII military equipment, do what I do and go to a military museum. 

The Yak-1 series fighter aircraft. The Il-2 ground attack aircraft. The PPSh-41 and PPS submachine guns. Tremendous use of artillery. The production miracle of moving their factories beyond the Ural Mountains. Sheer scale of the war on the Eastern Front. Some, like the T-34 and Yak-1, excelled in the early period of the war with clear advantages in technology and numbers (a superior weapon is no good if there's not enough of them), but their advantage faded as technology advanced, yet they remained viable front-line systems through the whole war. Others, such as production miracles or use of artillery, were feats not to be matched in the whole war. 

Her sister, Tirpitz, was still working up. Scharnhorst and Gneisenau were both under repair in Brest on the wrong side of the North Sea. The older Deutschland battleships and Deutschland cruisers were just too slow. 

This culminated in December 1946 with UN Resolution 39 "Relations of Members of the United Nations with Spain" which called for the end to the Franco regime and its diplomatic isolation. 

With all that in mind, what happens when the German navy attempts to blockade the Strait of Gibraltar with submarines augmented with e-boats, destroyers and other light surface ships. To give it the best chance of succeeding, let's set it in the late summer of 1940 at the height of the Battle of Britain. The RAF is overstretched, the US hasn't entered the war, and ASW aircraft don't have radar capable of detecting submarine periscopes.