Finally, children also like to play with adults. This can be one to one or in a group. It is important that parents spend time playing with their children. It is fun. Let the kids set the pace and become a part of their world. No need to teach or preach, just enjoy the experience. 

3 months to 6 months Babies are more likely to initiate social interaction. They begin to: Play peek-a-boo Pay attention to own name Smile spontaneously Laugh aloud 

Babies usually like to spend much of their time playing on their own. They are exploring all aspects of their environment from the sound of their own voice and the feel of their own body parts to those of others. They want to gaze upon, grab, suck and rattle any object that comes their way. 

If you truly feel there is something else going on, then I suggest a trip to the doctor. It never hurts to get an opinion and usually they can calm your fears very quickly. All parents worry! 

Start putting the child to sleep by rocking on a chair or walking around with him. DO NOT put him to sleep in your bed. He might try to break free from your hold as he is crying - do not let go. Hold him tightly, and let him know that you love him and that he must sleep. Our daughter used to crib, call for the other parent, but be patient - sing songs - and believe that the suffering won't last long :) 

The nice thing about starting at 3 AM was that both of us were relatively rested. She had half her sleep, but since it was broken, she didn't have trouble snoozing the rest of the way. We did a stop at a Tim Hortons/Subway and let her walk around and stretch her legs. We got home around 2:30 PM and weren't exhausted so were able to take care of her easily. She went to bed a little early and slept for a long time, but so did we :). 

Once he is asleep, put the child in his crib. (Some people prefer putting the child to sleep awake, but this works best for me.) 

After we arrived at our destination, at about 8 AM, it wasn't easy to just hand over our daughter to our relatives and go to sleep. She was shy about the new place / scared of the new people and only wanted her mommy and daddy. Relatives helped as much as they can, but you have to understand her waryness of new people and a new place. 

If he has not met other age-appropriate milestones (crawling, sitting without support, standing, "cruising"), take your son to a pediatrician and be specific about why you are worried. A doctor has more information and expertise, and can take additional factors into account. 

I'd also suggest looking over Impact of Substance Abuse on Families (Chapter 2 of Substance Abuse Treatment and Family Therapy). 

My grandfather was an alcoholic. This resulted in a lot of emotional trauma for my mother and her siblings, which they're still struggling with decades later (some successfully, some less so). He wasn't a "happy" drunk, and was angry, demeaning, and emotionally abusive towards his family very regularly. I and my siblings and cousins had to grow up with confused/depressed/angry parents -- this one emotionally abusive alcoholic had a significant impact on the emotional well-being of not just his kids, but also his grandkids. 

Different kinds of emotional abuse (belitting vs. neglect, for example) have different consequences. But honestly, I don't think this is a hugely important point, because trying to evaluate which sort of trauma you'd prefer for your child is a cruel question. None of them are good.