First off, the study of history is composed of three basic types of sources. Tertiary sources are compilations of multiple secondary sources. An example would be a research report not citing any primary sources. 

Here are some rough specs for common planes (as I said in the comment, the endurance depends on various factors). 

The Neger was a torpedo-carrying craft. Although not designed as a suicide weapon, the torpedo would often fail to release from the submarine when fired and would carry the craft with it to the target. 

To put a conclusion on this lengthy answer, I would say the Japanese had the best midget submarines. However, the Germans had the best program as the Japanese did not often utilize their fleet in important offenses. 

Chile also was officially neutral, but later joined the Allies 

Although eight other South or Central American countries declared war, only Brazil had direct involvement. Brazil sent surgeons and pilots to Europe. Most pilots served with the RAF, but some served with the French Army. Brazil was mainly involved at sea, however. A good part of their fleet was involved in anti-submarine warfare. However, there we're quite a few delays that hampered the war effort: 

that the draft treaty, in violation of the Yalta agreement, did not recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands 

Due to this, the Neger was eventually retired and withdrawn from service. 

WWII World War II also saw some South and Central American participation. However, again, Brazil was the only nation of these to send troops to fight. 

Primary sources are the originals from the time of the event. Histories, for example, is a primary source. It was written at the time of or soon after the event(s) occurred. Bibers took part in many missions, but few ever survived them. For example, in the first Biber operation, 14 took part. Only two even made it to the operational area. In 1944, the Bibers deployed against traffic going to Antwerp. In the first attack, 18 were sent out and one returned. They sank only one ship-- the Alan A. Dale. This was one of the the only ships ever sunk by a Biber. Further operations in the area lost over thirty more Bibers. 

Italy also had a few unsuccessful miniature sub designs. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Peace_with_Japan Yes, both World War I and World War II involved South and Central America. The Japanese had the largest fleet of submarines of any of the navies in the pacific although Germany had the most overall. These were by far faster than any other midget submarine sailing at the time. Few could go over 10 knots. This is a rather long answer outlining the strengths and weaknesses of various nations' midget submarine fleets. If you just want the short answer, skip to the last paragraph. During World War II, the UK, Italy, Germany, and Japan had midget submarines. The US, the USSR, and China did not. It was not until October 19, 1956, that Japan and the Soviet Union signed a Joint Declaration ending the war and reestablishing diplomatic relations. 

Will the Whistling Bombs Hit Me? - World War 2 Talk 

Argentina, in 1933, under a new president, paid its dues and attended several meetings. This was a simpler process beacuse it was officially a suspended or inactive member. Thus, the only things it had to do to rejoin would be to pay its arrears and notify the League of its intent. Paying them off was not very difficult because at the time Argentina was considered a "well-off" nation (it had one of the highest GDP's at the time). I believe it returned mainly because of the new president, Agustín Pedro Justo. He had gained power through the success of a coup. The previous president, Hipólito Yrigoyen, had died the previous year of stomach cancer and the president who had Argentina leave the League of Nations had died earlier that year. 

Whistling Bombs - Straight Dope 

WWI Here is a list of South American countries that severed relations and those that declared war. Sourced from here.