* - an extinct Irish horse breed. No, it wasn't guys riding around on horse-head sticks with retainers banging together coconuts behind them like in Monty Python's Holy Grail 

It does pass the smell test. Manichaeism was on the decline after about 840, but there were still adherents that we know of in China as late as the 14th century, and it was known to have had adherents among Turkish-speakers, and also in other peoples in central Asia during its heyday. 

The Irish countryside supposedly wasn't conducive to heavy cavalry charges, so the Brits needed a more agile and quicker mounted force. Robert Bruce is said to have employed them as well. After a while mounted archers started taking over the English light cav forces though. At the siege of Calis English forces included 5000 mounted archers, and only 600 hobelar. 

For my money, unless you can import Scottland's climate for your re-enactments too (perhaps run them in the spring or fall?), I wouldn't take versimlitude to quite that extreme. If you are sweating like a pig due to overheating in a non-historically accurate climate, that's a bad re-enactment too, isn't it? Then again, I'm not much of a SCA or LARPer, so I don't know the culture like you do. The states of Medieval Europe for the most part did not have a money economy. The Feudal System was basically their answer to how one runs a country and maintains a professional military (an absolute requirement in an era when cavalry was the dominant arm) in an agricultural society with little or no flowing currency to tax. Essentially everyone, at every level, paid their "taxes" directly in labor. A rich person was a person who had a large amount of labor owed to him, generally by virtue of controlling a lot of usable land. 

A failed Missouri habidasher a few years later was the man who led the US in the nuclear obliteration of two major Japanese cities. 

The Pechenegs likely moved west from Central Asia sometime between 790 and 850. So it is certainly possible many of them were Manichaeist, and perhaps even likely at least a few of them were. From a link @jfrankcarr posted in the comments, I discovered there is actually a medal awarded in the UK to animals for service in wartime: The Dickin Medal. Alex is right that there are any number of possibilities other than that though. Another likely religion would have been Tengrism. That appears to have been the dominant religion of their fellow Western Turks, the Khasars and the Hungarians*, at that time. As the original religion of the Turkic and Mongolian peoples, this would be my first guess for the religion of any nomadic Turkish groups of that period, in the absence of any historical references saying otherwise. 

I'd also like to know what the sources for that claim are (since you're the one who has seen them.). To make matters worse, right on the other side of Romania is the Hungarian Plain (or Alföld), which was also perfect territory for those same pastoralists. One can imagine that in the middle in their way was not a fun place to be. Their language is dead, with no successor languages. It is currently considered to have been Turkic, of the Oghur branch. The only remaining living language of that branch is Chuvash in Central Russia, but those would at best be descendents of sort of cousins of the Khazars (the Bulgars). 

Another popular previous name was Albion (Ἀλουΐων in Greek), but that name appears to have gone out of fashion sometime after the first century. 

Given that, I think a look at a map of the Eurasian steppe may prove enlightening. The green areas on the map below indicate good pasture land in Asia. Altaic pastoralists like the Mongols and Turks will naturally desire to take over all this territory possible. 

Supposedly he is based on Ragnar Logbrock, a ruler mentioned in several works of Old Norse poetry and Sagas. You can think of him as sort of a Viking King Aurthur figure. 

There was a recorded sermon discussing the recent history of the island written not long after then, that mentions the battle: Gildas' De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae. That roughly translates from Latin as "The Ruin and Conquest of Britain. So our documented evidence is that locals of letters at the time referred to their island as Britain. 

I believe Romania's chief misfortune during the Middle Ages was to be right next to Eurasian Steppe, in an era when settled communities really had no military answer to the expert horse archers that steppe country naturally incubated. So I don't personally find this all that unlikely. However, garb in Poland may have been different, and summer garb in Spain or Greece was almost certainly different.