In time, the Church regarded a clandestine marriage as being subject to annulment. The Catholic Church forbade clandestine marriage at the Fourth Lateran Council (1215), which required all marriages to be announced in a church by a priest. Prior to that time, an unwitnessed exchange of marriage vows was deplored but still valid. The decree was enforced only in those regions where it could be proclaimed in the vernacular. Bruce Feiler says, in Where God Was Born, page 199-200, the Chaldeans of the Old Testament were an Arabic tribe that migrated northward into central Mesopotamia in about the ninth century BCE and eventually seized control of the kingdom, forming what became known as the neo-Babylonian Empire. Undoubtedly Jesus was a historical person, and it is not entirely improbable that Mark is based on reliable prior sources, although being in Greek, as Brown suggests, these sources might have been based on even earlier Aramaic sources. This chain of transmission, including the priority of Mark in the other gospels, requires us to conclude that there are inevitable historical errors in the gospel story. Each stage of transmission from an Aramaic original, assuming there to be one, through the Greek sources used by Mark and then to the other synoptic gospels and finally to John provides the opportunity for error or redaction of the earlier source, and we do indeed see differences between earlier and later gospels in passages where one gospel was dependent on the other. Not everything we read in Matthew and Luke comes from Mark or Q. For example, the genealogies in Matthew and Luke are unique to each of those gospels respectively. Brown points out (page 236) that there are many differences from one genealogy to the other, saying there are those who think of Luke as having tradition stemming from Mary (despite 3:23!) and others who try to reconcile the two genealogies. He says, while Luke's list may be less classically monarchical than Matthew's, there is little likelihood that either is strictly historical. Judaism has never agreed with the concept of original sin, which is essentially a Western Christian notion, with which the Orthodox Churches also do not agree. According to the Catholic Church, there is an obligation on all Catholics to believe in original sin. Most Protestant denominations follow the Catholic lead in also teaching of original sin, although it is not as central as in the Catholic faith. In intellect, Augustine stood head and shoulders above the other early Church Fathers as one of the greatest thinkers in early Christian tradition. He was capable of developing a plausible explanation for contradictions in the Bible, and even capable of applying this to the LXX without compromising his understanding of its divinely inspired inerrancy. Even his contemporary, Jerome, said, without any qualification, “Each and every speech, all syllables, marks and periods in the divine scriptures are full of meanings and breathe heavenly sacraments.” Rex Wyler (The Jesus Sayings, page 16) sits at one end of the spectrum of views on the historicity of the gospels, when he says, "A gospel is an uplifting story, not history." This is a more extreme view, that would mean the gospels are less valuable as history than any other available source. In Romans 5:12-13, Paul says that sin entered the world through the sin of one man, but does not say that all future humans share that man's guilt. Prior to Augustine, there was no formalised concept of original sin, but early Church fathers made allusions to a doctrine of an 'original sin'. Tertullian taught when a parent sinned, this physical taint of the soul was passed on to children. Tertullian's concept could eventually be interpreted as allowing Adam's great sin to be passed on from generation to generation, down to the present day. Martin Palmer says, in The Jesus Sutras, pages 175-176, that original sin was unknown as a central theme of Christian thought before the early fifth century. He says The Orthodox Church broke away from the West just in time to avoid the magnificence and the curse of St. Augustine of Hippo, who took the basic notion of original sin and built it into the destructive force it was to become. Even in the West, Pelagius argued against original sin, saying that human nature was basically good but had been corrupted and misguided by human weakness, but of course the theology of Augustine triumphed in the West.