As you said, they are not expletives, because they are an inherent part of the sentence's meaning. However, when translating English to Finnish, the distinction does become relevant: Depending on whether or is used in the exclusive or the inclusive sense, the translation will result in either vai or tai, the two words having a different meaning in Finnish. I'll just drop a list of some philosophical languages dedicated to a strictly compositional system making use of such "primitive meaning blocks", there have been many such attempts (there was a hype among philosophers around the 17th century): I agree with @Dominik Lukes' explanation on the signifier/signified part, but I think "a case where 1 signified has more than 1 signifier" is not quite not what Frege had in mind with his distinction between sense and denotation. This explanation sounds to me rather like a description of a polyseme or, even worse, a homonym (this would rather correspond to the case of one signifier having two different signified). Also I wouldn't say "yet another signifier/sense" using "signifier" and "sense" next to each other as if they could be used interchangeably. So I think the explanations currently given do not quite match what sense and denotation is about, at least in the way I understood them. 1 Image obtained from the Stanford CoreNLP online dependency parser 2 I am fully aware that this approach doesn't work for arbitrary sentences of this form; clearly, in a sentence like Harry is an alleged murderer, it doesn't make sense to say that alleged is a predicate that applies to Harry. In such a context, the adjective does act more like a modification of the property of being a murderer; in this respect, it behaves a bit like an adverb modifying the "to be" relation ("Harry is allegedly a murdrerer", i.e. the "to be" relation is modified in the sense that it is not necessarily true). However, in the example given, I think it's okay to say that being talented is a property that applies to Harry himself, so I'll stick to the simplistic conjunction approach. A finite form of a verb is one that has an ending; conventionally, the suffixes used to form infinitives (what's in a name?) and participles are not considered endings, although one might question the rationale behind this. Only a phrase that acts like a (substantive) noun—a "noun phrase"—can be a direct object. Normally, this includes only words that can have an article without changing their meaning, unlike common adjectives (the chair is expensive v. *the chair costs expensive ). C. If a noun is used as the secondary complement, it must be used to identify the subject (another semantic criterion). I am a man; the caterpillar became a butterfly. There is some connection with the genitivus partitivus, which describes what parts the head word consists of or includes: a box of matches, a cup of coffee, a regiment of archers. Note that most cases and prepositions have widely different meanings. The preposition of in English has always been strongly associated with the older genitive case (which developed into 's). Similarly, many other languages also have a preposition they strongly associate with the genitive: Dutch van, German von, (late?) Latin de. This strong association, which may have been already present, was often strengthened as languages lost their cases. There is also cross-contamination between languages: the Latin use of the genitive and de may have influenced that of the Germanic languages in the Middle Ages. But some uses of the genitive were most probably already present in Proto-Indo-European, like possession. The same applies to other cases and prepositions, to varying degrees. 2) Isomorphism can exist between the syntactic and the semantic structure of expressions. (Note that "syntactic" can also mean "morphological" here, possibly even "phonological" when it comes to the structural hierarchy of a word). Questions that syntax attempts to answer include: Edit: You mentioned non-expiry - I don't know of any specific term for that. The classification among temporal adverbs is rather between time point/span - duration - frequency, possibly others, but apparently not whether the adverb expresses expiry, non-expiry, having expired (i.e. past events) or whatever. I assume the reason is that such a classification wouldn't be very meaningful, as there are types of temporal adverbs such as those expressing frequency that could not at all be classified w.r.t expiry - take the word sometimes; this is neither something that expires, nor something that doesn't expire nor something that has already expired. So I don't think there is an actual terminological classification w.r.t. expiry because this would only be applicable to a rather small set of adverbs. However, those two terms are perhaps not perfectly suitable, at least I'm not aware of an alternative terminology that would express more precisely what you mean: Pejoration and melioration is more about a single word undergoing a change in meaning over time; e.g. silly used to mean something like happy, unworried in Middle English and over time received the meaning of stupid or ridiculous, so the word itself changed its meaning or, if you want to call it like this, connotation. In the examples that you gave, one could not really speak of such a semantic change, since you modify the expression (by adding un- or not) so as to express something different, while the orignial word itself retains its meaning. So there might be the need of a different terminology here, depending on how narrow you set the definition of pejoration and melioration, but I doubt there is an actual term that expresses modification with respect to connotation for the following reason: