THE SIGNAL CORPS: THE TEST (December 1941 to July 1943), Washington, 1957, p111 In hindsight, it is easy to see that there should have been a single authority with that responsibility. There is a useful overview of the Congressional Record (and its predecessor publications) which may help you understand the structure of the publication. [If you happen to live in North Carolina today, and you are thinking about dating before you are legally divorced, basic legal advice is available from a number of websites.] Even more recently, the term "Negro" was included in the 2010 U.S census: When Baden Powell re-wrote his manual and published it as Scouting for Boys he fundamentally changed its ethos. He left out many of the military aspects and applied the techniques to other, non-military, heroes of the day like explorers and backwoodsmen. He also added the Scout Method which was an innovative, informal educational system intended to develop good character. Now, although it is true that the king had rejected the petition, Parliament had not yet debated it, so there had not been any chance for Parliament to formulate a law, let alone for the king to give Royal Assent. Before that debate could happen however, the petition was fatally undermined in the minds of the British public and Parliament by a captured letter from John Adams (who had been a signatory of the Olive Branch Petition, but who argued in favour of rebellion in the captured letter). A secondary problem is that the number of hours in the working week changed dramatically for many of those workers right in the middle of your chosen time period. The Homestead Strike, which ended in late November 1892 was something of a "watershed moment" in that regard (see below). Steel Production as a "Continuous Industry" As Fitch observes, Since then, the NSA have released hundreds of declassified documents, including a report on the outcome of the Israeli Court of Enquiry in 1967. NOTE: This answer referred to the original question as asked on 1 November 2017: We have photographic evidence that Harald met, and played with, FDR's dog Fala on at least one occasion. Probably more often in fact. However, as to how well he knew the dog, I'm not sure that was ever recorded by history. So, in summary, we can say the following about the working hours of workers involved in the production of sheet steel between 1885 and 1901: The answers are contained in the Wikipedia paged linked in the question. The quote from US Secretary of State George Marshall's speech at Harvard University on June 5, 1947 explains: (The book is one in a series. They are available in pdf format and make for fascinating reading) This does seem to support the idea that Lincoln was embarrassed, or at least unwilling, to take a post in the patronage of government while friends whom he had recommended for office were rejected. I found the following contemporary quotes in the recent book, McClellan and the Union High Command, 1861–1863: Leadership Gaps That Cost a Timely Victory, by Jeffrey W. Green: In his opinion, the higher commands simply: Why did the Israeli Defense Force attack the USS Liberty on June 8, 1967 killing 32 American Sailors, wounding 171, and doing so much damage to the ship that it ultimately had to be scrapped. Interestingly, as the Wikipedia article notes, Article 1 of the treaty, in which King George III acknowledged the United States' existence as "free sovereign and independent states", is the only part of the treaty that remains in force. The "morally demented man" was, of course, Lee Harvey Oswald who assassinated President John F Kennedy in Dallas in November 1963. In the aftermath of Pearl Harbor, Robert Watson-Watt was called in to give an assessment of what went wrong. His report was damning. He identified: The subject of Lincoln and the Governorship of Oregon was explored in a paper by Paul I. Miller, presented in The Mississippi Valley Historical Review in December 1936. Lincoln's first (and only) term in Congress ended on 4 March 1849. Shortly after the end of his term, Lincoln had recommended Cyrus Edwards for the position of Commissioner of the Land Office, noting that if Edwards was not acceptable to the Administration he would accept the office himself. In the event, Justin Butterfield was appointed (despite the fact that Lincoln had the support of most of his party) [Arnold, 2008, p81]. The steel ingots were then taken to the rolling mills where sheet steel was produced. The steel workers here used very different technologies and worked in very different environments. Nevertheless, they were steel workers. The "Men of the Rolling Mills" are the subject of Fitch's Chapter VI. Steel Workers Both the Bessemer process and the Open-Hearth process were being used for the initial production of steel ingots or "pigs" (a term inherited from the iron industry) by the 1890s. The workers in these factories (known as "Bessemer Men" and "Open-Hearth Operatives" respectively), and the changes they had experienced in their working conditions are described in chapters III to V ofFitch's book. He stated that it was only when aircraft and motor torpedo boat operators moved closer to the Liberty that they were able to recognise, and therefore reference, the American flag. Arnold, Isaac N: The Life of Abraham Lincoln, Digital Scanning Inc, 2008 Scouting for Boys was originally published as a six-part series in 1908, and contained activities and programmes intended for use by existing youth organisations. It was an immediate success, but it seems that Baden-Powell had no intention of setting up a separate and distinct movement at that point. If he felt that way in September of the previous year, that would go a long way to explain the reasons for his refusal. The Wright brothers carried out the first "sustained and controlled heavier-than-air powered flight" in 1903, and they were happy to acknowledge that they had built on Cayley's work. In fact, in a speech to the Royal Aero Club in London in 1909, Wilbur Wright is reported to have said: