In other words, the Upper House (the Senate) had the chops - and the House was simple a bunch of bumpkins who couldn't hack it. 

The metric system is inarguably simpler than the English system. Pure decimalization makes the math easier - but there is custom to overcome. Indeed, the very units you would have the international system use - namely the meter, which in turn is derived from the second, a unit of time, had to ultimately be derived from its reference to London. While Paris had the 'meter stick,' it was turned into a unit of time (namely the amount of time it took for a pendulum to swing) which, in turn, came from London. The kilogram - the only remaining unit of measure still judged against a physical device - is based on a French artifact. 

Prison records, for example, are notoriously bad - and prisoners are regularly kept too long or released early due to simple transcription errors. Contuences, early releases, and additional time notices - handwritten and entered into systems - sometimes just get lost, and prisoners are released early (one recently killed a DA in Colorado) or remain in prison too long. 

Constitutionally, a current member of the executive branch is prohibited from simultaneously holding a branch in the Legislatuive Branch. The Ineligibility Clause (Article 1, Section 6, Clause 2 states: 

Much of this (and a lot more) is sourced at My History Can Beat Up Your Politics, an excellent podcast on the history of the American Presidency, by Bruce Carlson. 

They have a few options: - Give away a certain amount of kid-related items for free - Reduce the price of the kid items - Reduce the sales tax on kid items (just another way of reducing the price) - Give you a certain amount of money - Just reduce the amount of money you need pay them for everything else. 

That said, you will note that the President lost this ability in 1974. Richard Nixon was, in the minds of Congress, too aggresively using this power of the purse. Congress stripped the President of the authority to impound funds in the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. Title X in particular required the President to use allocated funds. 

Executive Action in regards to policy bears an obvious resemblance here. The President, acting in his executive capacity, can legitimize his action as one of merely prioritizing which laws to enforce. In the same way that he directed the Justice Department not to enforce drug policy in those states that have legalized it, he is merely instructing Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prioritize the deportation of criminal immigrants over what he considers to be "less dangerous" immigrants. Likewise, Congress has the authority to direct the President otherwise by creative legislation. 

Long answer short - the President can order his executive authority as he sees fit, but the Congress still has checks and balances on any action or inaction he might take. Until the Supreme Court weighs in, it is "constitutional" (moreso in the British sense) but clearly on the edges of branch conflict. 

We've all been on projects where join conditions weren't behaving as expected - and it was usually an ETL problem that hadn't been anticipated. If records have data corruption issues, it would be very easy for an algorithm to overlook a record that would otherwise bar ownership. 

The "No-Fly lists" maintained by the TSA famously excluded Ted Kennedy once, and an ACLU lawyer on another occasion. Especially in a system that is supposed to tie together mental health and legal records, the possibility of unnecessarily stopping a valid purchase has decent potential. 

Andrew Johnson was impeached, but the Senate failed to convict by 1 vote. Bill Clinton was impeached, but the Senate failed even to muster a majority. It should also be noted that the House was about to bring articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon, but Nixon resigned first. 

If you think of it in this way, the math and the purpose become obvious. 

Economics 101: If you want more of a thing to consumed, you lower its price. 

Some of the most common things the government wants you to do?: 

Robert P. Crease talks about this in his book "World in the Balance: The Historical Quest for an Absolute System of Measurement". He relates the reason the United States initially adopted the English system of measurement as follows: 

The Supreme Court has it's own internal rules and does not make them public. Constitutionally there is no guidance, but I'm sure someone would look for precedent. 

You are arguing for a French unit. The United States is asking for a compelling reason to change the convention. Both are nationalistic. Neither is "pure" 

Nothing happens until the member resigns. 

Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law. 

Indeed, the United States is thus no more "imposing its system" on other countries, then the French did on the United States many years ago. Crease writes of the adoption of the metric system as follows: 

A tax credit differs from a tax tax deduction in only one regard - deductions apply before the tax rate, credits afterwards. 

It's a spectrum of ease for the government. If you owe your friend $15, and your friend owes you $20, don't you normally just pay the $5 difference? That's what the government is doing. Its a bit silly to do all the extra accounting and infrastructure and planning, when the easiest thing to do is settle up at tax time.