tl;dr: With lvl 2 boots, it's faster to recall if outside your base. So a single GP/10 item (philosopher's stone, heart of gold, etc) gives 5 gold every 10 seconds, or 30 gold/minute. In minion terms, this is 1.5 minions every minute. Vision wards are important early if there's an enemy champion who goes invis. They are also useful to check for other wards; a common tactic is to drop a vision ward at baron to check for enemy wards before killing him. This video shows exactly where the fountain stops, and tests several champions with various movespeeds. Check 3m for a summary of the results with no boots, lvl 1, and lvl 2. Any AP build is essentially the same: get more AP! Some noteworthy items: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2721861 It's best to buy wards whenever you would normally go back to base. It's common for junglers to gank at lvl 4 (and sometimes 2), so you need wards very early on in the game (preferably the first time you go back). It's common for support characters to start with a ward. A few people have reported it fixed as of the last patch, so chime in on that forum post if you're still having trouble after patching! And make sure to submit your logs any game the sensitivity bug occurs. Assume a minion is worth 20 gold. At most points in the game, they will be worth more than this. This appears to be a known bug that Riot is working to fix (click the Riot logo next to "First Riot Post" in this link): Do items that grant auras act the same way? GP/10 items are rarely the best item for a carry. The only reason to consider one would be it's other benefits, like the health/mana regen on a philosopher's stone. Even then, masteries offer comparable benefits. http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Influence_Points#Trivia Any item is better than a GP/10 item if it helps you get more than 1.5 minion kills per minute. As the game progresses, less minion kills are needed to equal GP/10 items. After playing a game as Nautilus, I was surprised to see that I had critically striked. I do have a rune page that gives a chance to critically strike, but I'm sure I didn't select it.