Summary: yes the throne has wheels to symbolise that God is with His people, even when they are not near the temple. But, no, they are not literal. God is speaking to Ezekiel in a vision which he and the people he preached it to would immediately understand and draw comfort from. * There's a lesson in this for all of us: we cannot expect God to be predictable and solve our problems in the same way He always has done. He's in the business of making things new! Finally, note that Jesus Himself saw no difference. As He mentions just before the above verses: For more information see this page which quotes directly from David Pawson's Unlocking the Bible Omnibus. Here the Spirit of the Lord performed a miracle. Doubting Thomas said it well in his comment: "Jesus was just elaborating on God's Commandments from the OT; revealing their true meaning.". In that spirit, here's my elaboration. Great question! I'm sure it was a miracle because John would not have bothered to mention the locked doors otherwise. So, Jesus is talking about the powers of hell. Finally, God had previously to deal with men not trusting His promise but taking matters into their own hands. Here's an off-the-wall take on the whole event. I'm not sure what to make of it but I'll throw it out there to get community reaction. Furthermore, we also read that Jesus also could suddenly disappear (Luke 24:31): In each case, Jesus says a little word, "but", and then goes one huge step further. Just to take the last one as an example: Whether Jesus Himself in His resurrected body could perform miracles by Himself (which I suspect) or whether The Holy Spirit did it for Him, the conclusion must be - it was a miracle. While the usage of the word διάκονος in scripture is discussed at some length, the strongest arguments in favor are the extra-biblical witnesses that there were women known as deaconesses/ministers in the early Church of which Phoebe was a noteable example: There is much more that could be said, but I believe this is the essence of the foundation that the Church is built on - Jesus is the Christ. The Prophets (of the Old Testament) prophesied concerning him; The Apostles bore witness to him and declared his gospel; but He himself provided the key, the pattern to what the Prophets of old were talking about and the message that went forth with the Apostles - the message is the foundation, and Jesus himself is that message. John Chrysostom weighed in on the debate about whether the women in 1 Timothy 3:11 were deacons or not. In his Homily 11 on 1 Timothy he wrote: “Some have thought that this is said of women generally, but it is not so, for why should he introduce anything about women to interfere with his subject? He is speaking of those who hold the rank of deaconesses.” In response to 1 Timothy 3:12 (including the idiomatic phrase “a one woman man”)[12] he added “This must be understood therefore to relate to Deaconesses. For that order is necessary and useful and honourable in the Church . . .” Plenty of sites will give you an overview, and many better than Wikipedia, but a key part of their theology is that God dealt with Man in distinct ways in distinct times. Most hold that the change from the 'Old Covenant' to the 'New Covenant' occurred only after the death of Jesus (usually at Acts 2) and that until then all teaching - including the teaching of Jesus - was under the Old Covenant. The Old Covenant was superceded by the New, and its teaching made irrelevant.This irrelevant teaching includes the teaching of Jesus. 'Dwelling' does not simply mean to 'be present'. It means to reside or inhabit. If you go into a shop, you are not 'dwelling' in the shop, but you are present there. If you say "I do not dwell in the shop" it doesn't mean you never go in there, or that you are not there now. We only have one story of survival of snakes/poison, and it is significant that it is accidental. Paul did not say "I'm telling you the truth, and to prove it I'll pick up this deadly snake". He picked it up by accident, and God used that. The answer to your question is exactly analogous to asking "who has the gift of healing?". We know that it is not everyone. If you have Protestant leanings, and wanting to do your own interpretation (in a group or alone) there are whole classes of books written about this, collectively called "Introductions" (a misleading term - they are not in any way basic or primers). I recommend my personal favourite: "How to Read the Bible for All It's Worth" Fifth (and this is my own speculation) the priests may have wanted Judas present to make sure this wasn't some trick Judas was playing to get the wrong man, or to get his money without actually betraying Jesus. Since Judas would have been needed to get them to the exact place, it makes sense for him to give the identification. Yes, it appears from the description that Jeremiah was not completely honest with the officials. They probably were asking about Jeremiah's prophecies, and he did not tell them what they wanted to know. Whether this is technically lying depends on exactly what questions were asked and exactly what answers Jeremiah gave, but it's pretty clear that Jeremiah gave them a misleading impression at the least. Some of the other answers have highlighted the Evangelical and Mainstream Protestant positions on the interpretation of scripture. I wanted to draw attention to a different position adopted by Anabaptist churches, specifically Mennonite, Amish, Brethren and some related churches. In those churches interpretation of the scriptures is done by the community. We also have to remember that not everything that is done in the Bible is a perfect example. The people in the Bible are real, and they make mistakes and commit sins - even the ones that have the favour of God. Even if we conclude that Jeremiah did lie, and that the circumstances don't excuse it, that does not mean that lying is OK.