Unlike a tree, however, a man's 'season' is his lifetime. And, the Temple (having been recently reconstructed) should also be in its season at all time. 

One final little allusion, however, that bears some consideration, is the story commonly called "the Transfiguration." Jesus goes up to a mountaintop, whereupon Elijah and Moses greet him. Now, you should know that Jews refer to the Old Testament in two categories - "the Law" and "the Prophets." Moses, as the "lawgiver" who brings the 10 commandments off of Mount Sinai. Elijah was the most famous of the prophets, working miracles and boldly declaring God's truth to a wicked King. In standing between and amongst these two, Jesus himself declares himself to be "the Law and the Prophets," a nice little picture saying that indeed, Jesus is the Word this Old Testament has been preaching all along. 

13 For you have heard of my previous way of life in Judaism, how intensely I persecuted the church of God and tried to destroy it. 14 I was advancing in Judaism beyond many of my own age among my people and was extremely zealous for the traditions of my fathers. 15 But when God, who set me apart from my mother’s womb and called me by his grace, was pleased 16 to reveal his Son in me so that I might preach him among the Gentiles, my immediate response was not to consult any human being. 17 I did not go up to Jerusalem to see those who were apostles before I was, but I went into Arabia. Later I returned to Damascus. 

Does the collective sin, such as economic injustice, war crimes or greed of others override the promise of God for any of these 925 million who may follow Jesus? 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

I was surprised just by the fact that he mentioned "cosmic energy" and wasn't knocking it but rather comparing it in a positive light. 

I have seen Christians just gloss over this, romanticize about it, make it fairy tale or flat out deny it. 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

Science says it is impossible for a woman to conceive a child without the sperm of a man. 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. 

And, considering Jesus' "preference for the poor" in Luke, it all comes together to suggest a less than rich Jesus. 

(For the purposes of this answer, lets not get into all the different ideas of atonement, etc... I'm going for the overview here!) 

(Yes, we can get into questions about whether there is first-order volition and predestination and all that - but this isn't the point. You might also ask why God doesn't save everybody - and that would be a good question - but does it make sense to blame a fireman who saved half of the people in the burning house for the deaths of the other half who refused to leave?) 

The miracle of the cursing of the fig tree has a literary form called an inclusio, or what many seminary students have come to affectionately know as "the sandwich." The idea is that two stories (Story A and Story B) are related, and the way the hearer is cued to know that fact is the arrangement. In an inclusio, Story A is started, but not finished. Story B then comes in the middle. Finally, there is a return to Story A. The point of the inclusio is always story B, where Story A is usually the frame. 

Please see: http://www.worldhunger.org/articles/Learn/world%20hunger%20facts%202002.htm#Hunger_concepts_and_definitions 

or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. 

Lately, I have been questioning my literal faith about God providing the basic necessities like food and shelter. 

However, there is only 1 line given to this? 

Science says it is impossible for a woman to conceive a child without the sperm of a man. 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

At Church (Calvary Chapel) I don't remember exactly what the pastor was talking about but he mentioned the phrase "cosmic energy" when relating to what it is to be in Christ. 

I was surprised just by the fact that he mentioned "cosmic energy" and wasn't knocking it but rather comparing it in a positive light. 

How can we harmonize a rock solid belief that God Will provide and facts that there are many many people who do not have these needs met?