This means that anybody who relies on works of the law to please God is condemned and is not a believer that is justified by faith apart from works of the law. This also seems to include those who would defiantly mix works with grace under the knowledge of the Protestant doctrine that otherwise makes the gospel clear according to the scriptures. The eastern view is that God changes when he ceases to be angry (according to the Western view) but propitiation does not imply any change in God whatsoever. He still is angry with sin but its guilt has been transferred to another. God can never change or remove his wrath. It must be extinguished on a a subject who bears the guilt of sin. This fully confirmed by own understanding of the difference. Therefore to answer the question: In simple terms the remonstrants replace Augustinian/Calvinistic election with freedom of will. Therefore a person was not born guilty with a sinful nature but born innocent. Being born innocent does not mean that a person can do good but just means they are not personally guilty and made sinful by participating in Adam's sin and punishment for it. To ties up thee various toughts they key difference between Catholc and Protestant views is back on the topic of Justification. Catholic dogma asserts the the justification is caused by actual grace making the soul actually holy and just, not a justification for someone who is still dead in sins. Salvation is restoring the sinner to paradise without sin and without guilt. When a sinner is receives Christ by faith they are mystically united into Christ receiving the benefits of his death and resurrection. There sins are taken and his righteousness is provided, raising them up into new life. Now here is where you question fits in. Let me first explain why the questions was misleading for me. Then I will briefly summarize an answer directed at the specific subject you are questioning but not fitting the assumptions you have made. Note: ( I apologize that I do not have the time to collect a bunch of quotations to prove my summary but I actually have already posted them all in other answers on the same subject, so If asked about a particular point I might add a link to another answer where requested.)