My best suggestion is for your wife to sleep when you get home. As soon as the baby has been fed, she sleeps for as many hours as possible. You need to sleep, too. Perhaps you could make room for the baby and either your wife or you could sleep with her separately until your child is sleeping better. I understand that the baby is showing a preference right now, but if she is safe, clean and fed, then she will just have to accept you. Perhaps weekends you could try to be more helpful and allow your wife some time away from the baby. I know it does not seem fair when you have to work but I promise you, hers is the harder job right now. She is always 'on'. You may not notice your breaks or lunch times, but even a few minutes of 'you' time is a miracle. You have to support each other. 

We have a chore board for the family and even before she could write, our daughter would ask for an item to be added to the list. We have a double check system -- we check the list leaving home in the mornings/at breakfast and returning home in the evenings or at dinner time. I have always had too many things on my plate to remember all the details, so a list is imperative. It would have to be willful on my part not to do something I had agreed to as long as I was capable of getting out of bed. 

Many people mistake discipline for only punishment. 

Put a list on the fridge and expect those chores to be done -- but homework, brushing teeth -- clean clothes are on him. You do not ever remind him about the 'normal' stuff. If he smells, it is fair to tell him he does. Do not tell him to bathe or put on clean clothes -- but sure, if he stinks, he might find friends and family are not going to sit near him. 

Do not help him with a chore. He can do part of the driveway. You do part and then send him out to do the rest. It won't get done by standing there and he can't come in to dinner or TV until he's done his share (until it is a health concern). If the driveway doesn't get done, he misses out on drives to places he wants you to take him. 

I have not read this entire ebook, but it might have some helpful ideas. 

Teachers of special needs or very young students have to teach students the ability to sit on a task for longer periods of time. Attention span is a problem for all teachers and his teacher should already know how to help students increase theirs. There are also stickers and so on that tell a parent that the child has earned a privilege at the end of the school day. If there is no sticker or whatever, the special thing doesn't happen. Special things might be drawing with the parent, or anything that isn't food/money or necessary-exercise based. It could be staying up 15 mins later or watching a specific show on TV. The parent doesn't need to say anything more than, "I'm sorry you did not earn the special thing." No further action is taken or needed. The child IS in charge of that.