Kant had a certain influence on the philosophy of religion, because he gave a clear argument against the ontological “proof”. But Kant’s consideration on the field of philosophy of religion are not the subject of the present post. Kant’s influence on religious belief or practice in the Western world is negligible in comparison to e.g., Martin Luther. So what Kant really does in his Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science, is no more than to specialize a general principle about substance to a special principle about matter. Hence my answer to the question of the post is „No“. Kant’s philosophy of aesthetics is nearly unknown outside the academic world. In my opinion, Kant has nothing to say to artists or performers. I do not consider Kant an artistically gifted person. Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory. 1) Quine in his seminal essay “Two dogmas of empiricism” (1951) confirms: Quite different is the contemporary concept of space and time according to current physics. Here the best elaborated theory is the Theory of General Relativit. It combines space and time as two components of 4-dimensional spacetime. Both component have only a relative meaning, relative to a given observer and his system of coordinates. 2) Broadly speaking, Popper returns to Hume’s view of induction and adds the concept of falsification of scientific propositions. Hence Popper refutes the existence of Kant’s view on the existence of synthetic a priori statements. As a consequence the distinction of analytic and synthetic does not play an important role in Popper’s demarcation of science and metaphysics – I agree with Mauro’s answer. In short: This theorem hinders a theory to prove its own consistency. I do not see any similarity between Kant's noumenon, taken as the thing-in-itself, and the empty set from mathematical set theory. Kant is a philosopher who separates noumena and phenomena in a strict way. He does not aim at unifying them. The line from Plato's parable is divided into 4 sections, named Summing up: I would not press Plato’s concepts into a 1:1-relation with Kant’s concepts. Illuminative is Kant’s criticism of Plato (Kant, Immanuel: Critique of Pure Reason, B9) Kant deals with the statement in Chapter 3 (= 3. Hauptstück) Metaphysical Foundations of Mechanics, Proposition 2 of his Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science. This passage presupposes the principle of conservation of substance. Kant calls this principle a theorem from General Metaphysics. Third mechanical law. In all communication of motion, action and reaction are always equal to one another. (A121) 3) Kant’s antinomies refer to the boundaries of our rational argumentation and experience. Kant argues in Critic of Pure Reason that statements about all embracing concepts like the world create antinomies. These concepts are only applicable within the domain of experience, which is the domain of the physical world. The third part of this work, named Metaphysical Foundations of Mechanics, contains the following propositions: In sharp contrast, the truth of propositions concerning matters of fact depends on the way the world is. Their contraries are always possible, their denials never imply contradictions, and they can't be established by demonstration. Asserting that Miami is north of Boston is false, but not contradictory. We can understand what someone who asserts this is saying, even if we are puzzled about how he could have the facts so wrong. The distinction between relations of ideas and matters of fact is often called “Hume's Fork”, […]. Quine names the belief in this distinction the first dogma of empiricism and he refutes it. He links the first dogma with a second dogma (reductionism) and states in paragraph 5: This theorem restricts the scope of provability, in short: Not all theorems of the theory are provable within the theory. As @Conifold comments, one year later in the first analogy (Critique of Pure Reason B224f) Kant makes up for a proof of the metaphysical principle of conservation of substance. He uses the equation Kant's Categoric Imperative on the other hand states a formal condition which any maxime for action must have. The condition is a kind of universalization. Kants essay “What is Enlightenment?” from 1784 sets the program of enlightenment. This essay is often read in school to encourage pupils to develop their maturity. But alike to others subjects one can question the validity of the old proverb “Non scholae, sed vitae discimus” also here. I went to school in the 60ties in Germany. I did not hear about other works of Kant, not even about the Critique of Pure Reason or about the Categorical Imperative. In these days, philosophy was not a subject in school. Hence I doubt whether many non-philosophers in the West associate with Kant more than the key words “enlightenment” and “Categorical Imperative”. Likeness (eikasia) Trust (pistis) Thought (dianoia) Understanding (noesis) (All translations from Perseus online dictionary) Kant’s term noumenon often equalizes with thing-in-itself. Hence it has a different meaning than Plato’s noeton. Let me add that I consider your post very interesting and challenging. I hope it was not the last time to discuss such questions. Kant does not refute the distinction made by this classification. Like Hume also Kant accepts mathematical truths as example of “Relations of ideas” and many statements from physics as propositions concerning “matters of fact”. But different from Hume Kant holds that some – synthetic - statements from physics can be known a priori, see Kant’s Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science.