If then David calls him ‘Lord,’ how can he be his son?” No one could say a word in reply, and from that day on no one dared to ask him any more questions. "Assuredly," he said, "for up to this moment this has been our belief." 

When Jesus explained Himself to the Jews, He equated himself with God, which incited the Jews to stone him. If the intention of the people of Jerusalem was to say "Save us from the hands of Rome", it means they accepted Jesus as the Messiah after seeing all the miracles he performed. But in less than a week they became impatient and shouted "Crucify him!", thereby rushing to a conclusion that Jesus was actually not the Messiah. “‘The Lord said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet.”’ (Psalm 110) Do we have the original scroll written by John? NO! No original documents of the books of the Bible are available today. Only copies from the original documents are existing today. 

I remember hearing something about a true Saint Nicholas who maybe helped poor children or something, but to be honest, I really don't know much about when Christmas began to be celebrated by Christians. I do know that the Orthodox Church celebrates it on a different day. 

Paul refers to someone named "James" whom he refers to as "the Lord's brother". 

Later in Matthew, Jesus arrives in Nazareth, and he is rejected there because that is where he grew up, and people refused to believe he was anything special. They specifically say that we know his father (who was actually only his stepfather), his mother Mary, and four named brothers. 

In Protestant Christianity, it is understood that Mary was a virgin until the birth of Jesus, but not after. 

In Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, He is God, man, Messiah. In 1 Corinthians 5:7, Paul refers to Jesus as "Christ, our Passover", suggesting that the Passover of Exodus somehow foreshadowed the life of Jesus. 

If the intention of the people of Jerusalem was to say "Save us from the hands of Rome", it means they accepted Jesus as the Messiah after seeing all the miracles he performed. But in less than a week they became impatient and shouted "Crucify him!", thereby rushing to a conclusion that Jesus was actually not the Messiah. The Jews tried to stone Jesus because He was using the Name of God "I AM" while referring to himself. The Jews exactly understood what Jesus was saying. That is why they wanted to stone him to death for claiming himself as God or for blaspheming the Name of God. 

I think that Jesus said NOT to do that: Only the Book of Revelation mentions that. The New Testament gives a more detail picture of who the Messiah is. What is the exact word he used to describe the religion he followed? Jesus did not come to follow any religion but to make a new covenant between man and God, thereby giving a whole new meaning to the true religion or true worship. I replied again, "If I could not have proved to you from the Scriptures that one of those three is God, and is called Angel, because, as I already said, He brings messages to those to whom God the Maker of all things wishes[messages to be brought], then in regard to Him who appeared to Abraham on earth in human form in like manner as the two angels who came with Him, and who was God even before the creation of the world, it were reasonable for you to entertain the same belief as is entertained by the whole of your nation." 

Later in Matthew, Jesus arrives in Nazareth, and he is rejected there because that is where he grew up, and people refused to believe he was anything special. They specifically say that we know his father (who was actually only his stepfather), his mother Mary, and four named brothers. There's actually a really cool song that goes through all of the books of the Bible, telling how Jesus is revealed in each. (I have to admit, though, I've never tried to answer a question with a song before.) 

However, is there anything in the Old Testament that indicates the time in history in which He would come, or is it just "some time in the future"? In Protestant Christianity, it is understood that Mary was a virgin until the birth of Jesus, but not after. In Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, He is God, man, Messiah. When He was born, He was given the name of Jesus (The Lord saves) because He Himself was the Lord who was saving His people from their sins. All of these are modern inventions for which there was no vocabulary or context in which teaching could be given. (While there were examples of contraceptives in ancient history, the Jewish people don't appear to have used any.) The basis of the teachings of the Catholic church and others comes from arguments of design. God's design of intercourse leads to reproduction--not all the time, of course, but that is certainly a reasonably common outcome. Additionally, there is a specific command given to Adam and Noah to fill the earth and multiply upon it, so taking unnatural action to prevent reproduction seems to go against that to some extent.