In the Nether, there basically is no time of day — bring a watch with you and see what happens. The beds only let you sleep in them when it's night time, and this lack of time apparently confuses them to the point of spontaneous explosion. Is there a way to grow/strengthen the nearest aura node? I know Crystal Clusters help a bit, but they can only push the background Vis to 110%, which is next to nothing in my case (80 → 88), and they generate Flux. You're gonna need an editor specifically designed to open these, such as NBTExplorer (runs on Windows, Linux, Mac). You can only do this if you haven't disabled cheats during world generation, though. There are two different types of critical hits: Critical melee hits, and critical arrows. Abandoned mine shafts Strongholds Nether ruins It accepts EU from your solar panels and produces BuildCraft energy. Simply wire it up, and connect it to your quarry. You can place it directly next to the quarry, but if you don't, you need at least two pieces of conductive pipe (wooden, then normal) to connect it. Those would be non-opaque blocks: Glass and ice. In Fancy Graphics mode, snow will also not fall on leaves. Your food meter drains a lot quicker while sprinting, and when it's down to 3 pieces of meat or less, you can't sprint at all. There is also the appropriately named NBTedit, but apparently it is no longer being updated and the author himself recommends NBTExplorer. When that signature checks out, you know it wasn't tampered with and comes from the source that signed it (in this case, Mojang). When you do tamper with it by installing mods, the signature becomes invalid and Minecraft won't start at all. No, hostile mobs can't navigate water very well, and they won't specifically dive for you. (Note that he always refills from the still source blocks for some reason, but as noted above, any source block will do.) For example, a normal hit with the Diamond Sword does 7 damage (3.5 hearts), while a critical hit does between 7 and 11 (3.5 - 5.5 hearts). Also, if you already have Single Player Commands installed, then you can do this easily using the commands it provides. A water block becomes a source block when there's at least 2 other source blocks next to it (not counting diagonally). You start with the very edge and place two water blocks like so. This will give you a 2×2 square of water sources. Critical arrows The critical hit effect on an arrow indicates that it was charged fully; the damage bonus for those works the same as for melee critical strikes. A critical hit has a sparkle effect, and sometimes does more damage than a regular one. The damage bonus is random, and varies between purely visual (i.e. +0) to +50% damage (rounded down), plus half a heart. The Electrical Engine is part of the Forestry mod, which is no longer part of Tekkit for some reason or another. It performed that necessary conversion from EU to MJ.