As you've found, it's going to be very hard to find a new, replacement solid tire. Remember that you need to match the diameter, width, and rim shape. Even if you did find the right size and shape, you're going to struggle to put it onto the wheel. Many solid tires were molded onto the wheel or glued, so getting the old solid tire off and putting it on will be a challenge. 

We had those parking stands at my old workplace. They suck: 

If the valve on your compressor is not replaceable (because it's not your compressor, for example) then you can fill up a portable air tank with the compressor (these tanks have schrader valves) and then hook up your manual-style shrader valve inflator to them. This is also a way to use a tiny little 12VDC electric tire inflator (such as in emergency kits) to build up enough pressure and air reserves to set tubeless tires. It might take an hour to build up 5 gallons at 135psi (and you might burn out a tiny compressor, so you'd take it in chunks) but you'd have enough air to certainly set even a car tire. 

So try to keep it in a dry area out of the sun, and not near any ozone sources (mostly electric motors such as an AC unit). 

do the above, but remove your front wheel and lock it and the rear wheel and frame with a bigger U-lock 

Note that if your bike has a presta or dunlop valve, you'll need either an adapter or a different head. 

You should petition for better bike stands that are more secure. 

You can get a better wearing tire when you replace it. Harder rubber will be longer wearing but will provide for a harsher ride, all things else being equal. 

I'm going to call herniated sidewalls: a "criggie" from now on. 

If not, then exactly what is different? What makes tire patches stick much more strongly? 

My guess is that this is either for a child's toy bicycle or for a bike trailer, since those are really the only products that would use a solid tire (ouch ouch ouch) in that size. 

What's their sealing mechanism? 

Since the Little Big Bens are 38-40mm in width, you should be ok with them on the Space Horse ... except .... 

I get you like the portability of the short axles but for long trips go with a trailer with a solid single axle. 

A tire like this go pavement and packed nicely Travel CONTACT. Almost all manufacturers will have tires like this. A road type tread in the middle but a little grip on the edges for if you do sink a little. 

Look for a thinner tire. Not all 25 are the same. Limited but there are some 24. Or drop down to 23 like batman said (+1). If you try other 25 mm the good news it you can still use it as a spare front but you already have one spare front. Something like a Continental Grand Prix Force 24 mm? 

Mountain bikers like to run at lower pressure for more contact (traction) and to absorb roots and rocks. If you are running at a lower pressure then be aware and don't bang on roots and rocks as hard. 

Mud is a whole different beast. 

And something else to consider is putting some 35mm touring tires on your XC. 

Look for city or touring tires. Road in bicycle means more of a racing tire. 

Will compare ISO 622 wheel diameter and tire diameter of 1" versus 2". Same rubber in each tires and same thickness. A fatter tire will tend to be thicker but for the sake of head to heads comparison assume same thickness 

If the mud is viscous like clay and maybe leaves mixed and a fat tire can float and still get traction then the bigger tire is better. 

Great answer from Batman (+1) but I don't think the Gravel Plus is an optimal tire for the needs you state. One it does not come in a 26 but you did not state that in the original question. The Gravel Plus is a relatively light race inspired tire. I commute on cyclycross that I also ride on light trails and I was buying the most roady "cyclocross" I could find and was burning through them every 6 months because they are soft light race inspired tires and not designed to be run on the street. I finally figured out to look in touring / city with a bit of tread. 

The 2" diameter tire will run at a lower pressure. Let's assume the 1" tire runs at 100 PSI and the 2" at 60 PSI. 

It takes a volume of air to seat a tubeless. Even if you lube the tire it takes a volume of air to get it to pop onto the seat. Cannot deliver that volume with my floor pump. At the shop they remove the core to the presta and have this conversion tube they put over the open stem with a compressor on the other end. 

For sake of fair comparison I will use actual wheel size. For example ISO 622 is the same as both 700mm and 29".