Both of these are new sub-reasons of "off topic". Because you still own it, you can continue to use it elsewhere. You are not required to cite SO as the source, because it's yours. If some software spits something out claiming that "the work that you claimed to be yours actually came from somewhere else", you can simply say, "that somewhere else that it came from was also from me, so it is not plagiarism." To be specific, the first is indicating that the question doesn't demonstrate what the author tried. The second is saying that there are lots of existing solutions widely available/accessible, and that the author didn't do his research in finding them. However, those comments didn't state that explicitly. Rather than just explaining what the post did wrong, from a critical perspective, they are phased as to how the author should fix the problems, indicating that he should be explaining what he has tried and why the existing solutions that are readily accessible do not work for him. This is great, as this phrasing will lead the author to edit the question to improve it (which he has since done to at least partially address those points) rather than getting into a debate with the commentors over why his post isn't bad. A question that has a code dump without an explanation of what the actual requirements that code is meant to meet, or what problems they are having with that code, would be closed as: We learned this lesson well enough with several of the other queues. Queues such as the first/last posts queue ended up causing way more problems than they solved for quite some time when they came out because of the shear number of inexperienced users not making quality reviews. If you weren't the one who contributed the content, i.e. you are using code that someone else provided in an answer: If you don't have any attempt given, or any demonstration of effort at all (i.e. clear research being done, an English description of high level attempts made that they have determined aren't an option, etc.), then it's just a gimme teh codes. The most applicable close reason would be: If you are the one providing the content to SO then you still own that content. It is yours. Posting it to SO does not change that. You are not giving up ownership. You are giving up certain rights, but not ownership. For example, by posting it here you are giving everyone in the world the right to use whatever you provide, or derive works from it, so long as they attribute it to you. However, your particular schools policy (or the policy of a particular course/assignment) on using the works of others may well be entirely different from intellectual property rights law. Your school may require that you never use the works of others, may have limitations on the scope of the result that may be dependent on others, or whatever else they want to require. It is up to you, and you alone, to ensure that you do not violate such rules, not SO. If you want to cheat on your homework, there is no site policy that is going to prohibit you from doing so. Some individual users may have a problem with it, but it's not universally prohibited by the site's guidelines. If you want to know why the question was downvoted, of course the obligatory answer is you can never know. You can guess, or make educated guesses. We can certainly point out problems in the post that may have contributed to it being downvoted, but we can't know.