Extract from GS Kirk & JE Raven, The Presocratic Philosophers (1958), page 406 : A brief overview of SEP's entry will show you that you cannot separate the "secular" from the "non-secular", neither in medieval philosophy topics nor in the social environment. Subtraction is used always this way: the greater "minus" the less. In this way, no negative quantities will be produced. Empedocles never used the term "element" (Greek: στοιχεῖον, stoicheion), which seems to have been first used by Plato. According to the different proportions in which these four indestructible and unchangeable elements are combined with each other the difference of the structure is produced. It is in the aggregation and segregation of elements thus arising, that Empedocles, like the atomists, found the real process which corresponds to what is popularly termed growth, increase or decrease. Nothing new comes or can come into being; the only change that can occur is a change in the juxtaposition of element with element. This theory of the four elements became the standard dogma for the next two thousand years. If so, they are not like "modern" chemical" molecules, i.e. differentiated according to the elements they form. But see also Plato's point of view : A number is a multitude composed of units. You can see Arithmetices principia: nova methodo exposita (1889), translated into: It is woth noting that the examples of "false perception" used regard disease, madness and dreams... a lot of centuries before Descartes. Paolo Rossi, Francis Bacon: From Magic to Science (original ed,. 1968); According to Frege (german logician, end of 19th century), ideas are mental images (psychological objects), concepts are objective. Thus, Hume means: talent, disposition, inclination. Thus, if attributes constitute the essence, and if God his is attribute, then we can conclude that : The charge of atheism was a "living" issue in Reanaissance and Early Modern philosophy; see at least : Marco Sgarbi, The Aristotelian Tradition and the Rise of British Empiricism : Logic and Epistemology in the British Isles (1570-1689) (2013); Note that we have to "separate" A's interpretation [see : material causes, substance] from the original D's words (very few). The changes in the world of macroscopic objects are caused by rearrangements of the atomic clusters. Atoms can differ in size, shape, order and position (the way they are turned); they move about in the void, and—depending on their shape—some can temporarily bond with one another by means of tiny hooks and barbs on their surfaces. Stephen Gaukroger, Cartesian Logic: An Essay on Descartes's Conception of Inference (1989); A good discussion of Modal Theorem in Aristotle [if 'Nec(p)', and 'p -> q', then 'Nec(q)'] is in Jonathan Barnes, Truth etc Six Lectures on Ancient Logic, (2007), page 463-on. See in Wiki : Classical element. You can see SEP's entry regarding Medieval Philosophy with related entire to all main authors. See also: Steven Nadler (editor), Spinoza and Medieval Jewish Philosophy, Cambridge UP (2015), page 4: This is , more or less, what you can find in Constantine Vamvacas, The Founders of Western Thought THE PRESOCRATICS (ed or 2001), page 215. I don't think you can find a consistent distiction across philosophers. See Frege's letter dated 28.VI.19 [page 51]: Paul Thom, The Logic of Essentialism An Interpretation of Aristotle's Modal Syllogism (1996). where it is argued for a "rejection of the logicist thesis of the reduction of mathematics to logic." [Also available here]. Following Galileo's sentencing in 1633, Descartes decided to withdraw the pubblication of his Le Monde; thus, the danger of an accusation of atheism was still high during Descartes' time. The debate "raged" for more than a century; we can see also Jacopo Zabarella and the debate on methodus and regressus. We can still found it into Francis Bacon's works. Another claim that has to be taken into account in an analysis of Spinoza's view on attributes is that God is his attributes: It is clearly an abstract "schema" dating back to the Presocratics but known to us mainly through Plato and Aristotle; Aristotle related the four elements to the four sensible qualities. University was a "religious" institution and teachers had to be graduated in philosophy and theology. See Spinoza's Theory of Attributes and Spinoza's Modal Metaphysics. With them the "methodus" become mathematics : neither syllogism nor inventio. See e.g. Descartes' search for method. Thus the arithmos indicates a definite number of definite things. It proclaims that there are precisely so and so many of these things. But the "methodological" debate had no "effective" impact : no new scientific discoveries were made possible either by traditional logic or by Rhetoric-based "methods" A lot of useful material is discussed into Jonathan Barnes, Logical Matters Essays in Ancient Philosophy II (2012), Ch.3 : Logical form and logical matter (page 43-on), in particular the section on Necessity and syllogism (page 87-on) where we can find the material on the ancient debate regarding the relation between 'necessity' (the modal operator) and consequence (what is expresse in a valid argument by the word : 'therefore'). I think that the issue regards the meaning of "secular"; do you mean - not-religious [priest or monk] or whose work was not involved with religion and theology ? Descartes' friend, the French theologian Marin Mersenne devoted two huge books :