I have been working on a philosophical approach modeling the mind (in dualist terms, the non-physical portion of the Self) as a network of smaller minds structured to operate together. This seems to be most related to "gestalt psychology." However, I seek to apply this to concepts of Self and free will, which requires a transition from psychology to philosophy. "Gestalt philosophy" appears in remarkably few Google hits, suggesting this is either an underrepresented field or it bears another name in the realm of philosophy. Your argument can be reduced to remove the 'meta,' which makes it simpler to refute (but my answer will not directly refute it. It will simply make an easier to think about question) 

One key challenge with building such categorizations is that the more specific of prediction you want, the more categories you need to have. On one extreme, "people do what they will do" is right 100% of the time using only one category. Another extreme, "people will always choose money over love" is right some percentage of the time, but still only calls for one category. Another extreme, correctly predicting the exact behavior of every individual for all time calls for a complete mapping of their brainstate... and even then is only possible if you believe in hard determinism. Any level of freewill causes that to get complicated. Which categorization is most useful to any given person is subjective, based on what they believe is the most important features to see in others' actions. 

As for the "proof" of dualism or physicalism, the debate has raged for a very long time, and the general consensus is that nothing resembling proof can be acquired without dying (and it is generally presumed to be very difficult to bring such information back to share with the rest of us). Until we know "all of physics," the unknown is still out there. Those that do believe there is proof typically use the word "proof" in a way that permits their belief to shine through, such as a "scientific proof" or a "religious proof." In particular, the question of what does it mean to perceive something continues to divide the camps in a way that is so difficult that even the idealists, who believe there is only mind and matter is an illusion, can make a play. The challenge of empirically testing theories involving chaotic systems doesn't make the debate any simpler. The value of any one "piece" of knowledge is hard to quantify, and the valuation of an aggregation of many pieces of knowledge is even harder to quantify. 

There is also not a clear agreement as to where to draw the lines. To provide an alternate scheme to the one professed by Meyers-Briggs, I turn to Journey to the West, which specified four types of apes that defy categorization (one traditional meaning attributed to these types of apes in Journey to the West is types of personalities people can have). If nothing else, it shows how culturally specific such categorizations must be: “The first kind is the intelligent stone monkey,” the Buddha replied. “He can do all kinds of transformation, knows all about the seasons of Heaven and earthly advantages, and can move the stars and their constellations about. The second kind is the red-rumped mandril that knows all about the Yin and the Yang and human affairs, can go into or out of anywhere, and knows how to prolong its life and avoid death. The third kind is the magic-armed gibbon that can catch the sun or moon, shrink mountains, see what is auspicious and what is not, and fool around with heaven and earth. The fourth kind is the six-eared macaque which has wonderful hearing and perception. It knows about the past and the future and understands all creatures. These four kinds of ape do not come within any of the ten categories and are not listed among the creatures that live between heaven and earth. I can see that the false Sun Wukong is just such a six-eared macaque. Wherever he stands he can know what is happening hundreds of miles away and hear everything that is said. That is why he has such wonderful hearing, brilliant perception, and knowledge of the past, the future, and all beings; that is why he looks and sounds just like Wukong. He is a six-eared macaque.” Metathinking, as you define it, is "thinking about thinking." So we have requirement number 1 for metathinking: This sort of dialogue will be essential, because the answers are many. For instance, there is still a debate as to whether any thought can occur without language. A belief in that philosophy will quickly reduce your original question to triviality. 

It also shows a third potential answer, as an alternative to A and B: C) the relationship between mind and evolution is one of a statistical correlation, and thus not fitting into any simple monotonic gradient. 

To give an example of such a theory that I find helpful for shaking up ideas, consider a worldview where anything can have intelligence, even rocks. All you need is for a mind to elect to bind itself to a material object. However, powerful minds tend to elect to bind (for some definition of "bind") themselves to material entities which have the capabilities to manifest their will. Thus there is a general pattern of the most capable material beings, H. sapiens, being imbued with the most powerful intelligences. However, every now and then an intelligence may choose to bind to a "lower" creature, such as a dog, resulting in above average animals.