Someone accuses a man of raping someone without any proof (even if the doctors say that there is no such evidence) Sunni > Hanafi views please. 

Whereas, the same people have said, if a man accidentally sees a woman's ankle (and then looks away/lowers his gaze), and is able to go about his day without thinking about the ankle again, such a man has problems as he should have been tempted by that ankle, as in, he is not perverted/desperate enough. Personally, such a man seems more sane to me. 

We all know and can appreciate that the Qur'an can never be altered in anyway shape or form, but us humans can only get access to a copy of the Qur'an, i.e. the Mus'haf. Can we be sure that the Mus'haf is also perfectly intact and unaltered? 

Languor: The state or feeling, often pleasant, of tiredness or inertia 

To show his wife that he is not happy with her behavior (after verbally explaining it to her), is that man allowed to deny his wife sexually, or must he continue to satisfy his wife even though she continues to upset him? 

The 3 dots ... after certain sentences are to emphasize that I find such a thought disturbing. 

Is this true? All very confusing, and any clarification would be great. So if the question is not clear, does Islam recommend and expect men to be highly perverted/desperate to the extent that if they see an ankle by accident and then lower their gaze, they should not be able to concentrate for the rest of the day because they should be fantasizing about that ankle if they are healthy... As in, a healthy man should fall into temptation quickly and easily... 

Does this mean that the Quran does not contain all of Allah's revelations received by the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him)? 

For example, I have been told that if a man sees a woman's ankle by accident (and then he looks away and does not look again and lowers his gave). After that, if the man is unable to concentrate for the rest of the day, because he can’t get the ankle he saw earlier in the day out of his mind, that is the level of perversion/desperation a healthy man should have in islam. Which to be honest, I find quiet repulsive that anyone would suggest that that is how a man should be... 

However, the only problem with this assumption (even though it seems logical to me) is that other people say that there is something wrong with a person who does not fall into fitna easily... The problem here is that, to me it seems that such people are suggesting that it is normal and healthy for a man to be highly perverted/desperate and it is expected for a man to be highly perverted/desperate in islam. I hope this is not true, but this is what I have been told by certain people..