I'm assuming they practised some sort of fighting technique which used swords. Does anyone know if this is true and what system they used? 

Prefer sunni view with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. 

Are raffles haraam, even if they are used for fund raising purposes where the winner gets a trip go do an umrah? 

For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. Sunni view preferred with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. 

Is the quran supposed to be like this? i.e. you can only relate to those parts of the quran which you have experienced in your life? The other parts just end up going over your head as you can't relate, just as they do with a normal book, if you can't to certain parts of a book. Is calling people by their first name considered disrespectful in Islam? What I mean is, if a non muslim who hates islam and starts reading the quran, he will get a totally different meaning from the quran than a muslim who reads the quran. 

Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? In short, I haven't seen any philosophical or theological argument saying God preserves Quran which is not stated by Jews also. 

God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. From what Quran describes it seems that the Jews and Christian at the time of the prophet had access to the book (though according to Quran Injil and Torah has been altered to some extend). This is because Quran states that there are believers among people of the book that read the book the way it should be read (verse 3:113). However, the canonization of Quran only happened during the time of third Caliph. His rule starts 12 years after the death of the prophet, i.e. 644 A.D. He also destroyed all other codified versions of Quran. From that point we are rather certain that what we have is close to what was compiled at the time of third Caliph. Today we have copies dating back to 688 A.D. 

Indeed let me add that not only Adam --peace be upon him-- was created from clay but also you and me are still beings created from clay. According to the today science our physical body is refreshing itself every few years, we wash out the dead cells from our skins at bathroom and new cells come to live day by the day. Almost all the cells in our bodies die and new ones replace the older ones, you don't agree? Where such new cells come from? Isn't it right to conclude from what we eat and drink? If yes, then what do we eat? Vegetables and fruits and similar to those beside meat of the animals which eat again from vegetables and fruits, and etc. . Don't you see all these foods are originated from the clay? Isn't water a best solvent that can carry quite many minerals with it? Don't we eat clay in many different deformed forms for our body to refresh itself? If someone dies doesn't his body again change to clay? Isn't our body made of clay that scientists ever raise a question about it being or not being made of clay? Also note that all the limbs of a complete man forms in the womb of his mother, where he is created from what his mother eats and drinks and again you can study how clay with different percentages of minerals are used in a period of nearly nine months for a complete body to form. Anyway, I'm not going deep inside this subject, only note that no non-Muslim is allowed to enter or live in Mecca and that clarifies why there would be no church or temple. But in other places that's not an Islamic order. You see Saudi's clerics give such extreme orders on behalf of Islam then they are the greatest ally for US and Israel in the region as well. They kill Muslims, both Shia and Sunni, for the sake of defending the privileges of the Imperialism in this strategic region, Middle East. Sorry for the political answer, but the question was itself political.