Like you, I wasn't able to find that exact information. However, it appears that the recording method used in India at the time was palm-leaf manuscripts, and the oldest of those known to exist are from the 1st Century CE. Considering all those were found in areas ideal for preservation, that's probably a rough upper-bound on the physical age you could expect out of the manuscripts themselves. If we look at the linguistic evidence, we get a slightly different story. Phoenician, Canaanite, and Hebrew are very closely related languages. Not only are they all Semitic, but they are all Central Semitic. Not only are they all Central Semitic, but they are all Northwest Semitic. Not only are they all Northwest Semitic, but they are all Canaanite. As for actual influence on Western Philosophy, its tough to find much first-hand evidence of that. The best I can find is a passage from Clement of Alexandria. He seems to be mostly accurately reporting how Budha himself was venerated, but in typical Greek form equates Budhist philosophy with the Gaulish Druids, Celtish philosophy, early Christianity, and all sorts of other non-Greek systems. So it looks like in all cases the outside world only knows these terms thanks to the (Indo-European) Sanskrit speakers. Where trade outside the subcontinent is concerned, the trading parties appear to have been Greeks and Persians, trading with Sanskrit speakers. By and large, we really don't know. The timing of archeological finds with the language distribution when the historical record opens makes a very compelling case for the Celto-Italics being the chief people who introduced farming to Western Europe. So any pre-Celtic inhabitants would have been Mesolithic (hunter-gatherers). So this word was first imported to Sanskrit (an Indo-Euorpean language descended likely from the language spoken by folks who destroyed the Indus Valley Civ), then to Greek, likely during the immediate time post-Alexander when those two languages would have been in contact. So no, unless you count having your territory overrun to be "trade", this wouldn't be one. There is also a cultural archeological continuity with the Iranian peoples who moved into modern-day Persia and India from this exact area. Here's a nice little animated GIF showing it: The problem there is that there isn't a lot of written work from that area available that early. The only real literate society of the ancient era was the Bronze-Age Indus Valley Civilization, and we haven't deciphered their script yet. That web page reports the oldest surviving palm-leaf manuscript in Sanscrit is from the 9th Century. Since Arthashastra is in Sanscrit, then assuming all of those copies have been dated, they wouldn't be older than that. So what can we say about that history book you read? I guess you have two options. If you are interested in arguing for a larger pan-Asian national identity as a political goal, it's probably great. If you are interested in the mainstream evidence-based view of history, I'd suggest never cracking it open again.