And al-Haythami has also quoted it in his Majma' az-Zawaid and commented that the narrators of the chain are trustworthy. I've also posted a related question: What exactly are the conditions of al-Bukhari and Muslim? 

I've noticed that this question has never been asked before even if we have posts such as: What are the requirements of a "Sahih" hadith? Which criteria the Rawis(Arabic: 'narrators') of Sahih-Hadith had to fulfil? 

According to this Fatwa (in Arabic) quoting at-Tahar Benachour gracious avoidance means: that one is asked to do avoidance literally that means not meeting somebody, to have no social relation with him/her but without any bane or any kind of vengeance or dislike. This means you shouldn't talk badly or abusing or any bad words or acts. 

all these three things are things this man has gained by his own effort: For example by working (earned money to spent something as waqf), learning, educating etc. 

The Prophet ﷺ said: "The most perfect in their faith are the best mannered, the lenient and easy going, those who befriend and are befriended. There is no good in those who do not befriend and are not befriended." Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry through 'Aamer ibn-Sa'ad through his father Sa'ad ibn Abi-Waqqas 'Abdel-Raziq through Ma'mar through Al-Zohry (then no companion mentioned) The first chain is continuous to the Prophet, but in Tahdhib Al-Tahdhib, Al-Asqalani mentions that Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad was young when he listened to Al-Zohry, and that this chain (Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry, in general) is not considered strong due to Ibrahim's memorization at the time not being at the level required. The same opinion was voiced by Al-Mizzi in Tahdhib Al-Kamal. Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad, in general, is considered strong, even through Al-Zohry, long as he is not the only narrator in his layer. However, by referring to Al-Albani's said book Vol. 6 (1st Ed. 1996: Riyadh), there is no mention of this hadith on pp. 486. It is mentioned, though, in Vol. 6, pp. 1224, under the notes of Hadith 2987: Some said, the Aaron here is Aaron, the brother of Moses. The meaning is that "we took her worship and service (to the Temple) as similar to Aaron, then how could she do that?" Some said that she was called sister of Aaron because she was of his descendants ... Some said that Mary had a (step) brother from a father who was named Aaron, and that the name was common among the tribes of Israel because of Aaron's piety, and this other Aaron was also well known and exemplary devout person of the Children of Israel. 

Tufail son of Amr saw him in a dream. His state was good and he saw him with his hands wrapped. 

That they slaughter it according to the sunnah method: be they male or female, child or adult their action of slaughtering is valid when they are Muslims or people of the Book. And the slaughtered of a Muslim is preferable to the slaughtered of a Kitabee (People of the Book: Jews\Christians). A Sacrificial slaughter should only be performed by a Muslim.