Unfortunately I've heard both called a "chain tool". Ideally you don't want any dirt on your chain. That would improve both smoothness and chain life. So the anal extreme is to clean and lube it after every ride. But most probably you'd go through the "lube" process several times before you considered degreasing. And, as I say, the lube you use will determine likely you are to pick up crap off the road. A wet weather lube, for example, might be good at repelling water, but it's corresponding stickiness will also attract dirt. That approach would certainly get you to a "fixed" state (an would allow you to change cog size on a whim), you might need to look a little more closely if you want to mix a hub in there instead, but it is definitely worth asking them the question - I've contacted this chap before and he's very helpful. You might have to settle for less-than-perfect chain line, but at the end of the day the chain you're running right now is designed to traverse a cassette, so that's not going to be a showstopper. As regards chains, 1/8" is certainly the convention going back in time, but most fixed cogs & chainrings will also come in 3/32" variants, you should have no problems there. (1) the chain you used as a replacement is the wrong length, and/or (2) you did not adjust the derailleurs correctly after your chain/cassette changes. I found a site a while ago called Velosolo, the guy who runs it seems to be quite knowledgeable about conversions, and he has a couple of kits on there - you might be able to get away with ripping your cassette off and replacing it with a cog and a bunch of spacers. If I were to stick my finger in the air I'd say that personally I give my chains a thorough degrease probably around 3 times a year (on the bikes that I ride regularly). But knowing when to do this, I judge this by looking how much crap is on it as I'm lubing it - it's certainly balanced toward winter/wet riding, but it's a judgement call. I'm struggling to think of any more options. By the looks of that cassette its an 8-speed, so you just need an 8-speed chain (e.g. http://www.kmcchain.eu/?en/products/multiple_speed/8_speed_derailleur/). Really common, any bike shop will have one. If you decide to buy off the web and fit it yourself (easy enough, just need a chain tool, which is an invaluable tool to have in any case), actually KMC is a decent brand to go for anyway. On the assumption that everything was fitted properly, my first guess would be chain is too long, my second would be that derailleur adjustment is required, but this guess doesn't specifically fit your description of "hard" pedalling. But these are only guesses, remember, maybe your LBS can help you some more. And are you sure you have fitted things to this bike which are compatible with those you removed? The first thing I'd do is to break the chain and get the whole "wheel and chain" mess away from the frame. It just gives you more room to work. Then, I'd clamp the teeth of the cog in the vice (as I say, I've had good results with my Workmate). Then you undo the lockring, which admittedly can be fiddly. If it has been on a while it will be tight, as you have discovered, and you might need to use a mallet to coax it loose. (I have tried chain whips in the past too, but never even bother nowadays, a vice is far more efficient.) My suggestion would be to use a vice, or do you have one of those Workmate things? When maintaining a chain, you wouldn't necessarily do both of these at the same time. You would lube the chain quite regularly, but most likely would clean the chain less frequently. You'd never clean the chain without also lubing it. When you oil, know how many links are in the chain (or mark your start link), and go around the whole chain once, oiling each roller. That's all you need to do. No need to do quarter turns or repeat three times.