Increased pressure increases puncture flats because the tires does not deform as much (spread the load). 

I don't practice skinnies but I do know that a low pressure is better for crawling over wet roots and rocks. 

I seriously doubt the axle is slipping in the frame. So a tighter quick release will not help. 

Tubeless tires offer the advantage of no tube to pinch so no pinch flats. Can run them at a lower pressure. A tubeless tires with sealant is not less susceptible to a puncture flat but it will seal small punctures. 

The frame will flex a bit under load. That is natural. 

Yes a 25mm pure road tire will sink in gravel. But don't get a 25mm tire. Get a tire the width of your current knobby or slightly less. 

Nominally if you are 180 lb or more then high number. And 140 lb or less the low number. In between then in between. 

Pinch flat is when the tube is pinched against rim and splits open. When you hit a blunt object such as a curb. 

Identical rubber will have the same force per surface area to penetrate. The rubber does not know if it has 1" or 2" or buddies. 

Based on the title alone 32mm tires are not ideal for fast commuter bike. But that picture is some harsh conditions and you state safety is important. 

Wheel sizes are reported in a number of ways. The actual actual wheel size or actual wheel size plus nominal tire size. 

It all depends on if the bike frame has room. That is less than a 10% difference. If you can get the tip of your little finger between the tire and the frame with the 1.95 then most likely it will take a 2.125. 

A larger tire will also have softer ride (due to lower pressure) and better traction due to more tire in contact with the road. This durability and comfort come at a cost. A larger tire is heavier, more wind resistance, and more rolling resistance. I don't think you want a real wide tire. I would think like a 2.1 - preferably tubeless. If you start riding 2" pipe you may even drop down to like a 40mm and for that you buy a CX tire. Biggest tire you can get in it. I doubt you can find a sand or even dirt type traction tire at 30 mm or less. So go with a touring tires. Install flat and pump them on the bike. Front to back may not be the same. You would be lucky to get 30mm and hopefully 28mm. Problem is that even 30mm is terrible in soft sand. In packed wet sand even a 30mm is marginal. For soft sand a 2" is a minimum. If you want to sand then look for a used mtn bike. The tire must support the weight of the rider and bike. If I am 170 lbs and 60% of the weight is on the rear wheel then let's call it it 100 lb on the rear wheel.