I understand the Book of Mormon has a list of witnesses. However, I have heard that these witnesses may not have actually ever seen the gold plates that contained the original manuscripts for the Book of Mormon, but were witnesses in a different sort of way. I recently read about the doctrine of eternal families in the LDS Church. As I understand it, the LDS church teaches that men on this planet have the potential to become gods themselves, who then have their own planets upon which people may become gods also. 

Science estimates that there are only between 10^78 - 10^82 atoms in the observable universe. So, my question is whether or not the LDS Church speaks to this reality and whether it holds to a multi-universe or infinite universe theory in order to account for the mathematical realities or if there is some other explanation. One conflict is that the teachings of the Mormons differ from some verses in the Book of Mormon. So, the question is not completely relevant. The Mormons teaching about Jesus is that both Jesus and God the Father were once men on another planet who attained godhood by being good Mormons there. This is the doctrine of eternal progression. "As man is, so God once was; as God is, so man can become." 

We believe that putting a name on the "prayer roll" will enable that individual with greater blessings from Heaven based on their needs. Edit The Church Handbook of Instructions contains nothing concerning this matter. So it is safe to say there is not a big deal. If it was, the handbook would state it. 

There is no "official" statement that I know of regarding this. The Church does not consider those who are menstruating to be unclean. There is no rule against being baptized during that time. 

A name is written down on a piece of paper by a patron, or office worker (if the name is called in), and placed in an envelope of sorts. This is put on the alter during the prayer circle. The words of the prayer is up to the officiator but generally speaking a generalized prayer that their needs will be met is said along with other things. 

In regards to the convert baptisms, I don't know of anything either way. When a woman is baptized they are not asked if they are menstruating, so there is no way to know unless the officiator is told.