The link broke, so here's key bits of the article via archive.org and another article that summarises the problem 

As Daniel says in comments, 650c has a 571mm bead seat diameter (which is basically the rim diameter). Modern 26" wheels are 559mm BSD, so it's a chance you could find a suitable wheel in that size and replace your rear brake cailper with long reach ones. That would, however, cost £50 on top of the new wheel and leave you with a bike that's quite odd to ride. It's definitely possible that turbulence from the fork will mean that there's less lateral force on the wheel behind the fork. But the more streamlined the fork the less true that will be. For the bike you've pictured above there is no effect at all, since the "fork" is merged into the trailing edge of the wheel. Instead that bike will have the opposite effect - there will be more lateral force on the rear of the wheel because there is so much more surface area behind the pivot axis of the wheel (the head tube). 

I've found that normally there is an odd number of balls -- 9 or 11, eg. But there's no theoretical basis for this rule. 

And it should be noted that in both cases one limiting factor is "standover height" -- the lowest position of the rider (for a relatively straight-forward frame style) is basically limited by the wheel size. Larger wheels either require longer legs on the rider, oddball frame designs (which make the bike longer and more unwieldy), or "penny farthing" style mounting/dismounting. The tire is defective (least likely). The tire is simply not settling onto the rim properly. You managed to twist/pinch the tube while installing. If you twisted/pinched the tube then there will be low spots, where the tire does not seem to inflate fully. If you suspect this, of course, remove and reinstall the tube. At most, bike wheels tend to be "slightly bigger". It helps to know how the wheel got cocked up in the first place. If it was hit by a car then the odds of a bent rim are pretty high. If it "just happened" -- the wheel went out of alignment on its own -- then a bent rim is very unlikely (and a broken spoke is likely). If it happened in a "soft" fall -- eg, the wheel slid out from under you on loose gravel -- then a bent rim is possible but unlikely. It's more likely that some spokes were just stretched out. If it happened in a hard fall or when hitting an obstruction then a bent rim is more likely but far from certain. 

If all goes well, you've got true (or true enough) wheels and you've learnt a skill. If you get the wheels true, and they won't stay true even though you've relieved the twist in the spokes you've got your answer and you can buy new wheels. If you find you can't improve matters enough, you're back to choosing new wheels or taking them to the shop. But you'll be better placed to make that judgment once you've developed a bit of a feel for it. It sounds like they're bad enough for now that you can't make matters significantly worse. That said, tubes are very stretchy. I've seen 24" tubes in 26" tyres. I've run slightly too thin tubes for months on end. In an emergency you can get away with pretty much anything that you can get to fit. But if you're planning, plan to do it right. A tube for 1.3" width in a 2.5" tyre is stretched to twice its intended size, so it will be half as thick. If you're also stretching it in the other dimension it's even worse. (All slightly approximate).