Example of Tawassul can be seen in many verses of Quran for example: Children of messenger of God Jacob a.s. could ask God directly but did not and asked their father to he ask God instead of them: Firstly this verse of Quran is interpreted that humans lived before creation of Adam a.s. : 

The has been many tries like fabricating fake hadith by dictators to people do not learn about Tawassul because this is against their power and dictatorship. here is a hadith saying that all of the Ahl ul Bayt are killed or poisoned. they were killed covertly by dictators who wanted to keep power and abuse huge financial income of Islamic states. (Muslims conquered 2/3 of world at a time and huge amounts of golds were income of King) and could not see Ahl ul Bayt get power and establish government by support of believers. for example Imam Hussain a.s. and 72 of his pious companions and his children were killed by attack of a 30,000 soldiers army of Yazid at Karbala. Imam khomeini said the sands were commanded by God to do this miracle. a soldier that was guarding the home of Imam Khomeini said that at the same night that this US operation failed Imam Khomeini woke up for night prayer and for a long time was looking at a direction and finally said thanks to God this was resolved too. the soldier says at morning the news of this happening was published and he found that direction has been the direction to location of this happening. 

Ahl ul Bayt have taught us a special dua that whenever someone needs to do Tawassul to the fourteen infallibles can use this special dua for Tawassul: 

Usual Muslims also if obey Allah in all aspects of religion and leave all sins and be pious can receive Izn from God. currently such people are living. but they are very rare and unknown. they dislike to be known because disliking being famous is command of Quran and is part of being pious. 

It can be Nazr or Tawassul. Although it is not Haram and can be effective but is not recommended for worldly purposes but good for spiritual purposes. because maybe what we are seeking be harmful for us. specially for our religion and belief. a hadith from Ahl ul-Bayt says there are 10 steps of belief and low level believers do not have capacity to be patient in problems and enforcing rules of high level believers to low level believers cause hate of religion and even breaking their beliefs and leaving religion. believers of each step should not be charged more than their capacity. with insist God accept their Dua but it better for them to be patient. by being patient in such problems a believer can reach to higher spiritual ranks as reward. it is better to we ask God only what Ahl ul-Bayt taught us to we ask God and never ask God what we prefer. Quran says perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not. Fighting has been enjoined upon you while it is hateful to you. But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not. http://tanzil.net/#2:216 "O my God I am satisfied to what you satisfy, there is no God unless you" at this time a nest of bees fallen on him from tree and he and his family was bitten severally and wanted to go hospital by his car. at way he had accident and his legs and shoulder were broken. people took them hospital and the doctor said him: you need surgery urgently but currently we have problems that can not do Anesthesia and if you accept to we do surgery without Anesthesia become ready. that scholar said: at that time I understood claim is easy but really being satisfying with satisfaction of God is not easy and God wanted to teach me this. the best of who was satisfied with God was Imam Hussain a.s. with his family and 6 month baby and he was told by prophet ever detail of happenings in Battle of Karbala and was going to Karbala while being completely aware of what will happen for him. (1, 2) 

Tawassul for healing can be done by belonging of Awlia also. for example see this verse. This is the process of Tawassul. you yourself can test it and see a miraclt done by any of the fourteen infallibles.