The power was really held by the mayor of the palace, an hereditary charge held by the lineage from which issued the Carolingian kings, in particular Charlemagne. We don't have day-to-day accounts of the life of Childeric III, but it is quite possible that he was not kept informed of anything except through the yearly ceremonial, in which his role was little more than that of a trained parrot. 

If you want a situation where the nominal sovereign is kept in his closed palace, pampered by some prime minister or general, and kept aloof of the external world to the point of not knowing what happens at all, then plausible candidates are the late Merovingian kings in what would later on become France. As Wikipedia describes for the last one, Childeric III: It really depends on what you mean by "supposed to be practically in charge". Supposed by whom ? If the war rages on and the leader does not even know, then one can confidently say that the leader does not hold the actual power, which is instead in the hands of people who perfectly know that the leader is not actually leading. 

...An angry public elected a “war hawk” Congress, led by such luminaries as Henry Clay and John C. Calhoun. 

The war started with territorial ambitions on the American side but ended in status quo ante bellum. Nevertheless it was deemed as a great success, a "second war of independence" and a great wave of patriotism surrounded American victories. In particular, General Andrew Jackson became a national hero which helped him becoming a president in 1829. 

Especially important in the collapse of the Fedaralist party was the Hartford Convention of 1814-1815. This mostly Federalist convention in New England ended up suggesting some constitutional amendments but was alleged to consider the secession of New England from the Union and a separate peace with Britain. After the war the convention was widely viewed as an act of treason and a black mark on the reputation of the Federalist party. 

A major factor was the war of 1812. The Federalist party for a long time supported peace with Britain and war with France whereas the Democratic-Republican party had the exact opposite position. Eventually, British behavor towards the US during its war with France caused anti-British and thus anti-Federalist sentiment. Quoting the Wikipedia regarding the first point: The policies of Soviet Union were never determined by "hate" or other emotions. They were always pragmatic. (For example, they "hated" Nazism when they found it useful, and then suddenly made a U-turn and started to support Nazi Germany, when they saw potential benefits of this. And did this until they were attacked themselves). I am a Russian speaker who read the book, and many reviews of this book. Most reviews label it as anti-semitic. Its main point is to justify or acquit all Russian actions with respect to the Jews. And to shift the blame on the Jews whenever he can. I would not recommend this as a book on the history of Jews in Russia. On my opinion, the book is of interest from the point of view of history of the Russian chauvinist thought. 

The leadership of the Soviets changed with time between Mensheviks and Bolsheviks, and various Anarchists played an important role. Since then, this is a custom in some dictatorships.