3 In the New Testament, there is Romans 1:26-27 The prophecy that John refers to is found in Psalms 34:20: Yes, you're absolutely right! Jesus never broke any bones. That's a fulfillment of the prophecy from Old Testament and it's written about in John. God allows us to either reap the benefits of following him or suffer the consequences of turning away form him. He knows beforehand what we will do, but we don't. So, he allows us to fail or succeed for our benefit. St. Maximus ca. 580-662 a.d. (The Life of Our Holy Monastic Father Maximus the Confessor and Martyr) It's really not a denominational issue, per se, but a doctrinal issue or a simple preference. These verses clearly state that Sodom was destroyed because of they were haughty and did detestable things. While Ezekiel isn't clear which detestable things were done, the Genesis account only indicates rampant homosexuality (possibly alluding to public, homosexual orgies) as the cause for this phrase "detestable things". However, as @Ollie Jones mentioned, the Old Testament for this is based on the Septuagint--an ancient Greek translation--rather than the original Hebrew. Because of that, it's not quite as reliable as going straight to the source. (In some situations it can be quite a ways off.) I suppose a good analogy would be in standard literature, you have the book (the Bible) and you have the plot (the Gospel). http://www.greatcom.org/resources/reasons_skeptics/ch_06/default.htm Since He considered it to be inspired by God, He considered it authoritative. When confronted by Satan, Jesus appealed to the Old Testament as a source of authority by stating, "It is written," (Matt. 4:4, 7, 10). It's not even a Christian perspective that's needed. It's a historical one. However, this isn't so much a denouncement on technology as a denouncement on pride and arrogance. Given that not all Christians agree on what is to be taken literally, or on the inerrancy of Scripture, there is a wide variety of views on the entire origins debate. Certainly, some Christians believe in proto-humans. I don't think that it is a matter of "limiting" God. I guess I've never heard anyone say that the theory is invalid because it "limits God". Talmudic tradition says that while Abraham’s son Isaac became the forefather of the Jewish people, the Islamic line is descended from Abraham’s other son Ishmael. This may be a bad basis for faith, but on some level it is simply easier to reject all of the competing recent theories and hold fast to tradition. (The Gordian Knot approach.) Catholics do not believe that attending mass and going to confession will get you to heaven, nor will doing those things with bible reading. No Christian denomination that I am aware of believes those things. Salvation comes through the saving power of Jesus Christ. Where you are incorrect is in saying the the Bible is not a divine book - at least as far as Christians are concerned. Christian belief is that God caused the Bible to be written in exactly the way he wanted it, but did so through the knowledge and minds of the people who wrote it down. Christians believe that it is inspired by God and therefore infallible. The traditional Christian view on this is that God completed the work of creation in six days (whether you take that literally or metaphorically). However he is still in the business of sustaining his creation. The Catechism of the Catholic Church says in 301: Some of the beliefs of dependency include: There are of course cases of people described as "demon possessed" or "having an evil spirit". Many have speculated that these are people who would today be described as having a mental illness. Examples that spring to mind include the demon called "Legion", (Mark 5 1-20), Luke 4:31-37, The Philippian slave girl (Acts 16).