As a result of full pardon we can be cleansed in particulars that bother our conscience (without any requirement of a work, of course) by simply directly confessing our sin to our only high priest, Jesus; Salvation to a Catholic is a process of sanctification not an instantaneous 'justification by faith', therefore although faith is required and important it does not carry the same meaning. Faith to a Catholic is therefore restricted to something within the state of grace, which makes a believers duty grow as they understand more accurately the truth in Christ. Faith is similar to protestant faith in this sense but does not have this prime direction towards a justification apart from works. 

The key: Initial Sanctification or Inward Rewnewal Note: The author does not attempt to explain that Calvinism does not exlude renewal of the inner man, but only exludes it from our justifcation. The author is right is understanding that justification comes prior to that renewal in theological order, as it must occur while the soul is still dead in sin. Then a moment after, the renewal occurs as a result of the justification under the Protestant doctrine. Usually when these sort of statements are made it is due to the infinity of God. The concept works like this. As God has no boundaries he has no parts or pieces of personality. He is only one boundless being, no more loving then just, no more holy then wise but infinite in all his qualities. In this sense you could say all his properties are identical in that all his properties are acting in a perfect unbounded and undivided unity. It's a basic conclusion of assuming the infinitude of God and is at the same time inserting that God is incomprehensible by the finite due to this quality. 

http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/07563b.htm But whether a rich man, thus anointed, is permitted subsequently to recover, and whether the priest ought to have a certain knowledge, that the man so anointed will not survive, and whether this sacrament of extreme unction ean be repeated, is a matter of doubt with many. But I leave it to the weak, uselessly to protract difficult questions of this nature. I merely state one thing as probable,—that a man thus sick, and thus anointed, and afterwards convalescent, cannot again receive the sacrament of extreme unction. (TRACTS AND TREATISES of JOHN DE WYCLIFFE, D.D.,THE REV. ROBERT VAUGHAN, D.D., P182) Although I am not a Catholic I believe I can answer your question more determinately. When we say God is one essence with three persons, the Greeks would say that God is one essence with three substances (hypostasis). 

Catholics treat justification as the sanctification which generall coincinced with Baptism (or the sincere desire to be baptised in teh Catholic church as a result of believing in the gospel). Continued Sanctification Catholics believe that you have minor and major sins, they are called venial and mortal. Basically venial sin is just sin for most evangelicals in its consequence.. In other words venial sins do not destroy your sate of grace. However they still stain the soul and you might need some purgatory if you have not repented and confessed those sins to a priest. The only place where the exact instant seems to have been conjectured within Roman Catholic tradition is by St. Thomas in the Summa Theologica, Part 3, Question 75, ‘Article 7. Whether this change is wrought instantaneously? Thus in the sacrament of baptism, in that of confirmation, and in all the rest, hath Antichrist invented unauthorised ceremonies; and to the burden of the church, without warrant from Scripture, hath heaped them on subjected believers. But other necessary sacraments he has overlooked, as is seen in respect to the seven works of spiritual mercy, which ought to be a sacrament in the esteem of believers, and especially of priests. But this sacrament, though very necessary, inasmuch as it has no temporal gain going along with it, and is irksome to those in high places, is faithlessly neglected.