The test of execution. Write the story down. Did it work? Did the idea create a story as beautiful as the idea itself? If the answer is yes, proceed... 

"The pay isn't much," Ling continued. "But since I have a place to sleep, and since I can eat at the cafeteria for free, I don't really spend that much. And the tests are mostly done in the morning. So, I have the whole afternoon, evening, and night for myself." 

Personal example: I started by writing like Haruki Murakami, but I don't like jazz so I don't include it in my writing. Neither cats, wells, or Japan (since I don't live in that country). I did keep his lyrical prose, surrealism, and use of metaphors, though--then mixed all that with my love for science, rationality, and philosophy. Also, I don't agree with writing a story that doesn't have a clear theme/meaning, so I decided not to pick that from him (he's still my favorite writer, though). 

I finished the first draft of a novel I'm writing. Right now, it has 17000 words. I've heard that novels these days range from 60,000 to 150,000 words, so I'm a little bit worried (I'm hoping to have 200~300 pages). 

Having links and images in some places or something like that? (Something that could have also a bit of web design). 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9t_1sWBywU 

Neither of those. They can certainly make a novel enjoyable. But make it a best-seller...I'm not sure. For instance, I've never heard people say that they want to read a novel because it's set in New York or Paris or Narnia. 

"Mmm, I think I'm used to it," Ling said. "I guess everything is tolerable once you get used to it." 

So as you can see these are ridiculous situations (I think the term is Kafkaesque?). 

By the way, I agree with the rest. You don't need a "message". A story doesn't need a message to be meaningful. It just has to connect with the reader's heart (and yours as well). 

Ling shook her head once again. "I'm perfectly healthy. The reason I'm here is that, well, I kind of work here." 

Using shorter sentences (and varying their length) can make the piece more readable: 

Here's the scene is case you want to read it: 

1) Using something from the character's surrounding as an analogy for his emotions/thoughts. 

I'm writing a novel, and I just realized I don't describe be main character's appearance until Chapter 3 (each chapter is 1500~2000 words long and there are 25 chapters in total). 

The best example I can think of is the Fly episode in Breaking Bad. The characters spend the whole episode chasing a fly while confessing things to each other. 

"Mmm, to be honest, I'm not quiet sure myself." Ling said, "I just know that my body managed to keep itself functioning without one." 

"By the way," Erin suddenly said while tracing circles on the rim of her glass, “is that new co-worker bothering you? You know, the one who talks to you all the time." 

This is a sample of something I wrote: 

So, sentimentalism isn't bad. In fact, the main reason we read stories is to feel sentimental, to let our feelings take over.