The most recent example would be Gordon Brown, who won the Labour leadership election unopposed and didn't call for any election, thus remaining an unelected PM. 

Since the Conservatives formed a minority government now, they have to rely on the DUP to get legislations passed and should the Queen's speech fail to pass, the Prime Minister must resign. 

Source: https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3358730/we-need-an-election-now-to-deliver-brexit-as-rebels-are-trying-to-subvert-will-of-the-people-every-step-of-the-way-theresa-may-says-in-exclusive-chat-with-the-sun/ A minority government can be formed if no party gets a majority. Should they be unable to put together a coalition, they can form a minority government and fill all the ministerial positions themselves. 

Some articles that have mentioned this: The Queen's Speech is delivered by the Queen from the Throne in the House of Lords. Although the Queen reads the Speech, it is written by the government. It contains an outline of its policies and proposed legislation for the new parliamentary session. 

Obviously, these reasons don't apply now, but the tradition continues ... Our enjoyment of Britain’s diversity must not prevent us from confronting the menace of extremism. Extremism, especially Islamist extremism, strips some British people, especially women, of the freedoms they should enjoy, undermines the cohesion of our society and can fuel violence. To defeat extremism, we need to learn from how civil society and the state took on racism in the twentieth century. We will consider what new criminal offences might need to be created, and what new aggravated offences might need to be established, to defeat the extremists. We will support the public sector and civil society in identifying extremists, countering their messages and promoting pluralistic, British values. And we will establish a Commission for Countering Extremism to identify examples of extremism and expose them, to support the public sector and civil society, and help the government to identify policies to defeat extremism and promote pluralistic values. 

Actions taken by the government So, the government has complied and Prime Minister Theresa May published the Brexit bill on 26 January 2017. 1923 (speech defeated) – There was a hung parliament following the 1923 election. Conservative leader Stanley Baldwin had his King's speech defeated which forced him to resign. 

1 It's considered successful as it managed to last much longer than Wilson's minority government in 1974. However, keep in mind that this was stated by the party in June 2016. Currently, it's unclear if they will still reverse Brexit and keep Britain in the EU, though they have recently mentioned that they would stop a "Hard Brexit" and keep the UK in the EU single market. Basically, Euratom was explicitly mentioned as the government had not stated its intention as seen in this article by Politco: 

It's also worth noting that there needs to be a vote on the Queen's speech in the House of Commons before it'll take place. 

When – as they sometimes will – these aims collide, the exercise of investigatory powers must always be both proportionate and necessary. We will reintroduce effective judicial oversight over how and when they are used, when the circumstances demand that our collective security outweighs an individual freedom. 

I supported Civil Partnerships in 2004, and was proud to sponsor the legislation that introduced full marriage equality in 2013 because I believe marriage should be for everyone, regardless of their sexual orientation. I didn’t believe the State should perpetuate discrimination and prejudice against LGBT people. That's why equal marriage was a hugely significant social reform. And it also made a powerful and important statement that as a country we value and respect everyone. 2. Polling is in her favour According to a recent opinion polling, the Conservatives are heading for a landslide victory. So, it's a good opportunity to call a general election. 

As for the reason why it can be cancelled, basically, Prime Minister Theresa May announced that the next parliamentary session, starting on June 21, is doubled to 2 years, instead of the usual 1 year. However, this gives rise to another question: Whether the UK can "untrigger" Article 50 which I will discuss more below. 

Related article: Express — Labour manifesto on terrorism: What is Jeremy Corbyn's policy to tackle terror? Excerpts from the respective manifestos are in block quotes. Just a note, the government formation process is mainly based on precedent and there is no exact constitutional process, as mentioned in the committee publication linked above.