Historically neither English (and I believe also Scottish) statute law nor Common Law gave any specific assertion of the principle to freedom of speech, except (and it is a big "except") in the sense that it was a principle of law that anything not specifically prohibited was permitted. In practice this allowed freedom of speech except where limited by laws against slander, libel, sedition, blasphemy, obscenity, disclosure of official secrets etc. When parties split, if the breakaway group is small no one disputes that they are a breakaway group and that the other, larger group get to keep the party name, funds, membership list and so on. An example is when the the "Gang of Four" left the Labour party to form the SDP in 1981. Freedom of speech is significantly but not drastically less protected in the UK than in the US. UKIP got a respectable share of the General Election vote despite two factors that worked against it: This question is prompted by widespread speculation that the Labour party might split if and when Jeremy Corbyn becomes its leader, but I am also interested in general terms. In March 1977 James Callaghan's Labour party lost its majority because of a by-election defeat and faced a vote of no confidence. To stay in power Callaghan had to form the "Lib-Lab pact" with David Steel's Liberal party. The 13 Liberals agreed to vote with the government in any vote of no confidence in exchange for support for some of their policies. The two parties formed a joint Consultative Committee to resolve disputes. That pact ended by mutual agreement in September 1978, but Callaghan still hung on with the help of the Scottish National Party. The SNP withdrew its support in March 1979, a vote of no confidence was held, and Labour lost. Margaret Thatcher's Conservatives won the subsequent election and the next three elections after that. How could such a split be handled fairly? Are there any precedents for this situation, or laws dealing with it? In 2006 a new section 3A was added extending it to cover religious hatred. See this link to the Crown Prosecution Service for details: http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/p_to_r/public_order_offences/ countries with a ceremonial monarchy, or with an electoral college, or without proportional representation, or with the wrong sort of proportional representation, or without proper constitutional safeguards for individual rights, or with constitutional safeguards for individual rights (after all, don't they temper the pure majoritarian glory of Athenian democracy?), or without a vigorous opposition press, or with a slanderous and irresponsible opposition press, or which have signed up to supranational bodies outside democratic control, or which have signed up to international treaties ditto, or which make use of protected seats for women or ethnic minorities, or where the if the prime minister is one ethnic group the president is conventionally always another, or where unlimited campaign donations are allowed, or disallowed, or where significant numbers question the legitimacy of the polity holding the vote, or where voting is compulsory, or where non-citizens cannot vote, or where they can, or where there is (or is not) a second chamber or supreme court that can block popular legislation… "Who was supporting Brexit, other than a former mayor (Boris Johnson) and the leader of a fairly small and disliked party (Nigel Farage)?" In 1994 a new section 4A was added regarding harassment "which causes another to fear, on at least two occasions, that violence will be used against him or her; or causes another serious alarm or distress which has a substantial adverse effect on his or her usual day-to-day activities". Holocaust denial is not illegal in the UK, nor are rude words.