Start putting the child to sleep by rocking on a chair or walking around with him. DO NOT put him to sleep in your bed. He might try to break free from your hold as he is crying - do not let go. Hold him tightly, and let him know that you love him and that he must sleep. Our daughter used to crib, call for the other parent, but be patient - sing songs - and believe that the suffering won't last long :) 

Also, purchase a portable playpen. When we are visiting relatives or travelling, we put our children to sleep in their playpens. They are very compact when folded, and secure like a crib for sleeping. If you don't want to kid sleeping in your bed, you must never force it do so either. 

Thank you to everyone for their answers. We just came back from our camping trip and I'd like to offer some additional insight while it is still fresh in my mind. If he wakes up in 45 minutes crying, repeat the cycle. Take him to the rocking chair, and wait for him to fall asleep again. Back in the crib. 

Also, if your infant usually doesn't wake up by 6am - be prepared for birds to wake your infant up. They are noisy. I'd also avoid weekend camping - we had the best time from Wed-Fri when it was mostly families around. Over the weekend, you get groups of friends who tend to stay up late an make lots of noise well past midnight. Someone was also going at it with illegal fireworks. If your infant is a light sleeper, this could be troublesome. 

Once he is asleep, put the child in his crib. (Some people prefer putting the child to sleep awake, but this works best for me.) 

As a full-time mother, I did/am doing this with both my kids (19 months and 4 months now) and it really isn't a problem. The first couple of months are hard, sure, but as the child gets more efficient at breastfeeding, they are not constantly attached to your boob. My 19 month old weaned off when she turned a year old; and my four month old needs the boob every few hours. In a couple of months, I'll start introducing solids and it'll eventually move to just morning/evening feedings. 

It's actually quite common for foods that a breastfeeding mother is eating to cause gas or colicy behavior in a child. A friend had to avoid eating chocolate because her child would cry on hours and hours after she'd eat a chocolate. Lo behold, that child still doesn't like chocolate - not allergic to it - but it just doesn't sit well. I've known people whose infants have had issues with the mother eating orange juice as well. If your wife is going to be a full-time / stay at home mom, do you really need a breast pump? What's the issue with just feeding from the boob? If there is something you eat in the evening or at dinner everyday, and you are breastfeeding, consider eliminating that - or at least finding out what it is. I am not sure why you are dismissing this is a "lack of medical cause." This happens, it is a fact. The cause of it is clear too. It is not an old wives tale. And no, it is not common to medicate the child to get rid of this gas pain. It is an adjustment period for the child to very new foods. There are even studies on this topic. 

We were also able to take our daughter canoeing. This was slightly tricky as I have only canoed a couple of times in my life, so couldn't really steer. I also couldn't just hold her - my belly gets in the way when I am seated. Our daughter doesn't sit still either - so we were pretty afraid that the canoe was going to tip (it didn't). Just be sure you discuss with everyone on what to do if the canoe tips etc. I was concerned about what a 6 month pregnant non-swimmer should do if she sees her daughter in the water: how I should jump out of the canoe, get back in the canoe, etc. Anyway - our daughter really didn't enjoy the canoe trip. She wanted to be touching the water - not boating over it. My husband would occasionally hold her across his lap to her play with water. I always thought pumping was more if you're planning to return to work or the child is unable to latch (tongue-tie, etc.). 

Our daughter absolutely loved the water. She was marching to it. It was a bit uncomfortable for her once it got too wavy, but otherwise she absolutely loved it. We didn't take her too deep - she could always stand in it. Always had at least two adults watching her, with at least one in arms reach. I had trouble holding her in water as I am 6 months pregnant - be sure you can handle the baby and lift her easily when you're in a standing/sitting position in the water. 

If you don't want to change your eating habits, your options revolve around switching to formula (look for ones that go down gently; formulas give gas too) or just waiting it out. The baby's body may get used to it. Clarification: Don't begin by avoiding "known gaseous foods." You'll unnecessarily be depriving yourself and your child of nutritional variety. It is better to figure out what it is that you ate that particular day that might be causing gas. Do you eat orange juice with dinner everyday? Try it in a smaller quantity or skip it for a few days. Skip garlic one day - did it make a difference? No? Okay, put it back in your diet and try skipping cauliflower next. Think of it as a game ;)