I'll use an example from baseball to illustrate my question. A designated hitter is someone who bats, but is not deployed on the field. In its extreme form, a "one way player" would be someone who was one of the best hitters in the game, but could not field as well as a good minor league player. Examples would be David Ortiz or Frank Thomas. 

I was reading a magazine article about a thirty-something actress who never played tennis before, took a tennis clinic, and in the course of a three day weekend, rose to "high intermediate" level (a 4.0 or 4.5). 

Seeing the woman's strong showing, are the tennis instructors likely to think, we have a "natural" here who's likely to be "pro" caliber (6.0 or better)? Or is there more likely to be a natural ceiling of, say, 5.0 with her having reached "most" (80-90 percent) of her potential at the clinic itself? 

Are there people in tennis who are great servers but who have trouble at returning serve in the later stages of a major event? That is, they will almost never have their serve broken in a given match, but also almost never break serve? Meaning that a large number, if not the majority, of their sets are decided by tiebreakers? 

1) Lifting only left heel, but left foot stays on the ground. 

I will add an answer here when I finally beat her. 

My backhand is deeper but still week. Need to make backhand stronger. 

My question is: Which shot is better to hit when your opponent is at the net, backspin or topspin? 

She loved coming to the net, and I gave her enough short balls to do so. 

She gave me short balls, I just returned them back to her. I did not set myself up to come up to the net. 

If you are just a casual player, I would say it's a matter of preference. I use a two-handed backhand for topspin and one-handed for slice, but I am old! The reason I prefer a two-handed backhand is because I save some of my right arm by leveraging my left arm (again, I am old...). I was also told that it's possible to make my backhand more powerful than my forehand that way, it's not there yet, but I am working on it! 

http://www.usta.com/Improve-Your-Game/Health-Fitness/Injuries-Prevention-and-Recovery/Wrist_Injuries/ 

I have seen it being taught two different ways: 

Her low pace flat ground shots are no excuse. 

informal a gullible person, especially someone swindled in gambling or the victim of a confidence trick. 

2) Bending knees, and doing leg spring action, lifting your legs off the ground, propelling yourself up and into the ball. 

If the ball goes to my forehand, I find it more comfortable to use a really junky slice to their backhand, or depending where they are at the net. I find that they get to the ball, but mishit it 95% of the time when I put a wicked backspin on it, the ball goes straight to their side of the net. 

A player that is easy to beat, an easy prey. If you beat a player too many times, he/she becomes your "pigeon". 

I have seen pros and they seem to have feet in the air. Which way is correct? Have you seen anyone using #1? 

Also my approach shots were good in the beginning but after I started losing the second set I stopped making approach shots and played more defense. That's a no no. 

What would happen if you played tennis with a racquetball or racquetball with a tennis ball? Tennis balls have felt and are heavier. If I practiced tennis with a racquetball for a week, and then switched to a regular tennis ball, what kind of difference would I feel? 

She puts pressure and rushes me. I realized I need to pass her better. When I pass her with a good cross court topspin, I ace it, or she hits it out. I hit way too many slices, and she has no problem with those. She also gets the high lobs well because she's tall. 

Update: I did better the second time I played her. Lost, but took first set, and was leading second set 4-1, and let it slip. She is a great volleyer, tall, so she has a good reach. When I hit midcourt, she takes my topspin on the rise, and even in the air, and comes to the net. 

My understanding is that tennis players are rated from 1.0 (rank beginner) to 7.0 (world class). Your (local) tennis pro or instructor is likely to be about 6.0 on this scale. 

I'll use an example from baseball to illustrate my question. A designated hitter is someone who bats, but is not deployed on the field. In its extreme form, a "one way player" would be someone who was one of the best hitters in the game, but could not field as well as a good minor league player. Examples would be David Ortiz or Frank Thomas. 

This, together with the fact that he or she is serving half the time and (presumably) holds all serves, means that the slightly better player will likely win the set by getting a majority of the games with a score of say, 6-4. If a player both holds serve and breaks serve consistently, the result could be a more lop-sided 6-0 tally that clearly demonstrates who is the better player." 

Are there people in tennis who are great servers but who have trouble at returning serve in the later stages of a major event? That is, they will almost never have their serve broken in a given match, but also almost never break serve? Meaning that a large number, if not the majority, of their sets are decided by tiebreakers? 

Except for the boldfaced part in brackets, this tennis analogy was used years ago in a piece of mine on the stock market. 

Seeing the woman's strong showing, are the tennis instructors likely to think, we have a "natural" here who's likely to be "pro" caliber (6.0 or better)? Or is there more likely to be a natural ceiling of, say, 5.0 with her having reached "most" (80-90 percent) of her potential at the clinic itself?