But, the bigger question is... God has the Biggest plan for eternity. Method of communication from God in Islam: Muhammad was the only person responsible for the origin of Qur'an. He claimed to receive the last and final message from God through angel Gabriel. The communication usually took place in the Cave of Hira. Muhammad was always alone in that cave. Who knows what he was doing! Probably thinking about what will be the contents for the next chapter for his composed book and revising the words that he has to say to his 50-60 companions. 1. At the First coming of Jesus Christ When Jesus came to earth as a humble man to suffer and die for us, He's goal was to bring down the Kingdom of God, which was also His role as the promised Messiah. But at His first coming, the Kingdom of God was not to be established physically on earth, which was the expectation of the Jews. Jesus came to establish the Kingdom of God in the hearts of men. Jesus was preparing the people for the coming kingdom, which was to be established soon after He finished His work on the cross. John the Baptist was proclaiming that the Kingdom of God was near. 

Ephesians 1:4 (NIV) For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love How many authors Qur'an has? One. Muhammad alone. No one was there to support the ideas of Muhammad. He alone handled the whole situation. 

Why are there so many Bible translations? Because, the original languages of the Bible are very old and no one speaks them anymore. The Old Testament Hebrew and the New Testament Greek are no longer spoken today. Scholars are still trying their best to produce the original meaning but there is always debates and different opinions on how to translate it correctly. Here, Jesus said that the Kingdom of God can start from a single person, which can yield many other believers. Peter was the first man to preach the Gospel on the Day of Pentecost and 3000 people were baptized that day. And the apostles went on to preach everywhere and the number of Christians kept on growing and growing. Isaiah 45:9 (NIV) “Woe to those who quarrel with their Maker, those who are nothing but potsherds among the potsherds on the ground. Does the clay say to the potter, ‘What are you making?’ Does your work say, ‘The potter has no hands’? Which came first, Qur'an or Bible? Bible 

When God created the world, Adam and Eve, Christ was already crucified in the mind of God. God created everything according to His will. There was no accident. He knew what He was doing and what purpose it would serve. He knew that Adam and Eve might fall into the trap of Satan, fall under the power of sin and the Lamb of God had to be sacrificed for their sins. However, it was God's plan to create human and while creating them, God already conceived in His mind that the Son of God will be crucified. 

Additionally, the Bible talks numerous times of the mystery of God's nature and plan... 

A few verses down David implores God: 

How to stop trying to figure it all out This borders on a pastoral concern, naturally, but I think we can take cues from the verses cited above. In my experience a good attitude is to Try to remember I can't figure it out. This is hard, because it's a fundamentally different from the narcissistic mindset we naturally have. You have to start knowing that no matter how hard you or anyone else tries, you won't figure it all out. Try to figure out as much as possible anyways. We're supposed to learn about God (how can you worship someone you don't even know?). When you hit a paradox, stop. When you encounter something that the Bible doesn't explain, don't try to reason it out. The Bible leaves it alone for a reason. Don't try to compress the Trinity into the phases of water; the analogy fails miserably. (though it can be a helpful illustration). Paradoxes are there both because God is greater than us and to remind us of that. 

He's meditating on God's actions and word, but he's still asking God to teach him. He's marveling, wondering, thinking upon the truths of God's covenant with him and Israel, but he certainly doesn't have it figured out.