"Are you sure? Is she usually in the same room when you are singing? Maybe she's out at the grocery store or something." 

You Can See How This Will Turn Out "You don't really believe you are good do you?" Self-concept is one of the strongest powers on earth. That's because so many people have self-concepts which put them at odds with the world around them. Self-concept drives the actions a person takes. Because it is so real, it is the essence of what we search for in our stories. "Why do you go out with him if you don't like him," Herman asks. 

Herman has a discussion with her as she's arriving home late one evening and trying to get rid of the guy who took her out. 

Finally, as you concentrate on the technical you will find much of the emotional just slides away. Most likely that is because you are distracted by the work and learning but it is also because you'll become a better writer and you'll know it. As Norman Mailer famously said, Appropriate If you are writing about the mating habits of the swallow tail butterfly in your novel about a bank robbery you are not writing a novel about a bank robbery. If you show a gun in the first scene, have it go off in the third scene - ala Chekhov's Gun. Show the reader, only what is appropriate for your story. Consider this at every moment as you edit your story and you'll get something done. emotional technical Emotional Challenge Character-Driven Story Is Driven From Self-Concept Imagine if a publisher contacted you and said, Ophelia gets into her house leaving Herman to contemplate. Instant realization of what he must do lands inside Herman's mind like a boulder smashing through a wall: I must sell my stamps. I'm betting that you'd at least start in the 5th week and churn out 250 pages of something. Well, why do you need that motivation? Why not write 250 pages just to see how it feels? Why is it that the money would make you feel as if you weren't wasting your time? 

If you are stuck emotionally, then you may feel as if everything you write is just a waste of time. If this is your challenge, then you simply must change the way you perceive the writing that you do. If you get the self-concept correct with your character it will drive your story and your story will be completely believable. 

Some quick notes on each of these. Instead of considering it a failure to write poorly, begin to consider "not writing" your only failure. Maybe the singer is joking? Sometimes you see the judges laugh because they cannot believe the singer is serious.