Most of the long-term homeless are not just in need of housing and accommodation, they need solutions to other problems that keep them in their current state. Unless the state is willing to do a lot more than simply contain and feed them, they repeatedly return to being homeless. 

In particular, I think 'an abyss' is a sort of monster, the monster of complete cynicism and true nihilism -- the completely empty man that early 'beatnik' post-modernism seems to favor. There is always power to be uncovered by renunciation of boundaries, but pursuing an utter lack of restraining form leaves one 'powerfully empty', and perhaps incapable of recovering one's artistic nature. 

Among other things, the tax code is shaped to encourage a certain type of marriage, which has a certain biological role that gay folks will not generally fulfill. (It overtaxes couples with equally high incomes, to allow for non-working spouses and the experience gap temporary absence from the workforce causes.) Making that subsidy less efficient wastes utility. 

There is nothing wrong with living in a dependent state, in fact it is unavoidable. Men (as aspiring 'heads' of supposedly separable units of social order) have just been trained to reframe it out of their thinking. So 'mushy' or 'indecisive' ethics is seen as less responsible and of lower value. But it may simply be a more objective view of what kinds of real ethical processes are ultimately effective. And it may produce better results. We find that by conservative standards women have less mature ethics, but behave better, and this makes no sense if the common, more rigid, view of ethics is right. 

This causes us to have a skewed definition of what responsibility is throughout our society, And this may cause us to overestimate those with various kinds of ethics that may seem stable, but are in fact quite fragile. (Not to be too catty -- but for example we have seen a stream of high-profile leaders on the Right (Denis Hastert, Jerry Sandusky...) who seem far too prone to take advantage of young men and boys. Their principles on such issues are firm and clear, so they seem ethically mature. But they evidently cannot abide by them without some context. And when their egos are inflated, they have made horrible choices.) 

But that is just cheating. Social coercion and more subtle means of control simply are not violence. So even in the most bloody-minded, psychopathic picture of the world, violence fails us in addressing one important range of problems. 

Power may be the medium of morality, and its goal, but tasteless use of power is like tasteless use of any other medium. To see his aesthetic, you can look at his own artistic process, which he displayed over and over again by choosing mythological or poetic representations, or you can look at his critiques of other's work. Particularly, I think it is why he bothered to publish 'contra Wagner'.