This is because the Proto-Indo-European language from which English derives had the ending -om in nominative for inanimate(neuter) nouns. Some words and suffixes were borrowed into English from Latin and Greek who also derived from PIE. 

The syntax and morphology of English are quite easy, but some difficulty is in learning idiomatic sequences of verbs and prepositions, such as "put up", "give off", "put out", "turn down", "set in" etc. 

A similar thing is described in Orwell's "1984" where a new, simplified language "newspeak" (based on English) is invented. It has further reduced "resolution" of the meaning so you would have no means to convey emotions and shades (for example, one word "ungood" for bad, terrible, poor, inefficient etc). 

I think that there could be found examples of hate speech or political propaganda in Russian or German which after being translated to English would look quite neutral and unmarked. The English speaker would not even understand why the sequence is considered offensive or emotional. 

English is also annoying with its difficult to pronounce numerals, especially when need to speak quickly. 

Night, fight, and wight are all pronounced with a final /-aɪt/ in Modern English. Their < -ght > spelling reflects the Middle English pronunciations, which had a final /-ixt/. (The digraph < gh > in MidEng represented the sounds /x/ or /ç/, which were also variously spelled < h >, < ch >, < ȝ >.) 

By Middle English the rhymes were all homophonous in /-iːht/. This was due to the effects of raising on the sequence /eoh/ to /ih/ in a series of steps: /eoh/ -> /øːh/ -> /eːh/ -> /iːh/; thus: 

One thing to remember about English spelling is that for the most part it is "frozen", and reflects the Middle English pronunciation. Another thing to remember is that there has never been a standardized spelling for English, and individual judgment, errors, and a variety of dialects have played a large role in how words are spelled. So every question about English spelling has to be considered in light of these two major issues. 

I think that there could be found examples of hate speech or political propaganda in Russian or German which after being translated to English would look quite neutral and unmarked. The English speaker would not even understand why the sequence is considered offensive or emotional. 

But Starostin's Starling gives another etymology: 

The writing system is totally irregular so one cannot guess the pronounciation from spelling and vice versa, but this is while annoying, is not the most difficult thing. 

The syntax and morphology of English are quite easy, but some difficulty is in learning idiomatic sequences of verbs and prepositions, such as "put up", "give off", "put out", "turn down", "set in" etc. 

Also I have difficulty in pronouncing the "th" sound, both voiceless and voiced variety, but this is not difficult to learn, it is difficult to produce, even if I do know the difference. 

It gives as cognates Hittite ispart-, Avest. sparǝr- Old Indic -spūrdhán, spárdhate "competition" 

A similar thing is described in Orwell's "1984" where a new, simplified language "newspeak" (based on English) is invented. It has further reduced "resolution" of the meaning so you would have no means to convey emotions and shades (for example, one word "ungood" for bad, terrible, poor, inefficient etc). 

I do not know what kind of English we were taught in Russia. It had American-style vowels, but no rotacism. I also think the spelling was British-like, but this could depend on a textbook (official and Soviet-style textbooks would use British rules definitely). 

This may take less time, but it does not mean that the same information is conveyed. Being a native Russian speaker I find that with English I can convey only the basic meaning of a sentence and the overtones and other circumstances are lost. 

Vasmer says that it is from disport "amusement", a contraction from Middle English disporten from Old French desporter "to take away", "to distract from the work". 

All three are not related or their relation is unknown. Traditionally English "day" is considered to derive from the PIE root for "burn", although the author whom you link in the question points out that it is more likely to derive from PIE root meaning "cycle" which already was used for "day" and "yesterday" (dhĝhi̯es) in PIE, and which also gave for example, Russian "den'" "day" which indicates that the PIE word for day had an r/n stem, and as such, very archaic. 

dhoğhos burning (root dheğh- "to burn") 

Sometimes you can improve the resemblance of the original meaning by adding some additional qualifier words, but in many cases you cannot do anything without explanation that would span a page (and even then it is unlikely would be understood precisely). 

This is because the Proto-Indo-European language from which English derives had the ending -om in nominative for inanimate(neuter) nouns. Some words and suffixes were borrowed into English from Latin and Greek who also derived from PIE. 

English is also annoying with its difficult to pronounce numerals, especially when need to speak quickly. 

plea̯ti̯om a kind of dress (cloak) 

Other words derive from PIE words ending with -m-os and -n-os (which was a common derivational construction) with the ending -os later disappearing. 

I would describe English as a language with less "resolution" than Russian, that is less suitable to convey the details. With English you land not exactly at the point but somewhere near it (which may be enough for understanding a film though).