One of my fondest memories in this area is their reaction on teaching them about gasses. That something invisible can have physical properties you can observe seemed almost like magic to them. But, unlike magic, the fascination doesn't dissipate when they learn "secrets" behind it. baking soda, vinegar, some containers, and candles are all that's needed for an amazing lesson! 

Whether in prescription medicine or home remedy form, there are three ways to treat water warts: destruction, immunomodulation, and antiviral treatment. By far, the home remedies focus on destruction, which is painful. 

What a child can do at this age varies a lot. If you read forums, you'll see mothers telling of their 4 yr. olds who can read. That's not the norm. Does his preschool teacher think he's behind the other kids, or is he average? At 4, he should be able to: recite the alphabet, count, enjoy listening to you read, understand that print carries a message, be able to identify familiar signs (e.g. a store or restaurant logo he sees often) and labels (cereal box, etc.). So you see, he’s probably where he should be. I'll address letters, but the same goes for numbers. 

All these animals have the eggs inside of them long before before they grow old enough to start having babies/laying eggs. When the mother is old enough, the eggs are incubated (inside or outside of the body) and develop into what they are meant to become. You have human baby eggs inside of you in a special place in your tummy. That's where she was before she was in the part of your tummy where babies grow until they are born. She was always safe and warm there before she grew into a baby. 

TL;DR: 1-2-3 Magic: Effective Discipline for Children 2–12 by Thomas W. Phelan 

Here is a link to a lengthy discussion of home remedies. I hope it helps. 

The only advice I can offer here is to avoid making them mutually exclusive. 

When she ignores you and goes to mom, mom questions the child about what you might be feeling, using a choice of feeling words if necessary, and has your daughter respond. "What do you think Daddy feels when you don't want to talk to him?" etc. 

Ah, the joys of parenting. You haven't said anything about if he has siblings, and if so, where is he in birth order, and how he treats them. 

Hopefully other parents will give you other ideas as well. 

a safe feeling to express herself. 

Home remedies for this condition are all based on eliciting an inflammatory (therefore painful) reaction. For example. One remedy uses the secretions of blister beetles, which raises a blister under the wart (lifting wart and all). Blisters are pretty widely recognized to be painful.*