There had been German military casualties from German use of gas during WWI -- with the technology of the time, a few were unavoidable. The Japanese had the ability to refuel at sea, so they could have got some ships into position to make that attack. They probably could not have staged the entire Pearl Harbour task force out there, but nor would it have been necessary. The defences of the Pacific end of the canal don't seem to be all that strong. There is an infantry regiment, a coastal artillery regiment and an additional artillery battery. The Air Corps had a composite wing with 28 medium and 14 light bombers and 24 fighters. If the downstream Pedro Miguel gates are destroyed, the canal remains usable, for smaller ships, because of the auxiliary gates half-way along each lock. Since those are normally retracted, attacking them is much more difficult. 

When you're very deep, you want to move slowly. This is because of the possibility of failure of the depth plane controls. If you're deep, and moving fast, and depth plane control unexpectedly switches to "dive", you can easily put the bow of the boat below crush depth before you regain control. And if that happens, you die. So moving at great depth has to be done carefully. 

Staying down for 24 hours would be unpleasant. 48 hours is probably about the limit. The exact figure depends on the size of the submarine, the number of people on board, the amount of activity, the amount of danger - adrenalin makes people breathe faster - the thoroughness with which the sub was ventilated before diving, and so on. 

Speer was fortunate in that the gains in the early months of his administration were mostly due to decisions that had been taken under the previous minister. That gave him some time to simplify and streamline the processes of his ministry, and to get the industries he was in charge of better organised. 

Other answers have explained why basing the U-boats in the English Channel was a poor idea for the Germans. Here's what actually happened: 

At test depth, there will already be substantial creaking from the structure as it compresses under the sea pressure. Below test depth, the hull plates may well start to bulge inwards between the frames that support them, and there will likely be leaks. At some point, as you carry on going deeper, something breaks, and then the whole boat floods instantly. Even going to test depth causes metal fatigue, but this wasn't understood during WWII.