Celestial Glory Mormons aren't guaranteed they're going to the "third heaven". They have to prove themselves worthy. The "third heaven" spoken of by Paul in 2 Corrinthians 12:2 is the Celestial Kingdom. This is the highest kingdom of glory, and once you obtain the highest degree of glory within the Celestial Kingdom, that is when you can be exalted as the gods on high. (see Gospel Principles chapter 47: Exaltation) Not having the authority to ordain new Priesthood holders was another significant factor that led to the Apostasy, as higher priesthood authorities died off, the church lost the ability to ordain new bishops and priests. This is why I think Bishops hold such high status in the Catholic Church today, as the higher authorities died, the Bishops became one of the higher positions of authority that remained in the Church. Below is an excerpt from chapter 4 of the LDS Sunday school doctrines of the gospel student manual. Did the Community of Christ denounce the Book of Mormon? If not, then why are the LDS under the impression that they did? Students must abstain from the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal substances and from the intentional misuse or abuse of any substance. Sexual misconduct; obscene or indecent conduct or expressions; disorderly or disruptive conduct; participation in gambling activities; involvement with pornographic, erotic, indecent, or offensive material; and any other conduct or action inconsistent with the principles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the Honor Code is not permitted. Violations of the Honor Code may result in actions up to and including separation from the university. President Gordon B. Hinckley gave this in an address to the church about the The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost in 1998: Jesus Christ is the firstborn spirit son of God (see D&C 93:21; Colossians 1:13–15; Hebrews 1:5–6). Jesus Christ is the only begotten son of God in the flesh (see JST, John 1:1, 13–14; 1 Nephi 11:14–22; Jacob 4:5, 11; Alma 5:48; D&C 20:21; 76:22–24). Jesus Christ is a being of glory, might, and majesty. God the Son, who was Jehovah born in the flesh as Jesus Christ, our spirit brother, the eldest of all the spirit children of the father, to whom the father gave his power to create the earth, who suffered the atonement for the salvation of men. I know another girl who currently has doctors baffled. She was essentially crushed in a vehicle accident, broke many bones, including her skull. After narrowly saving her life, early scans revealed that she would at the very least be blind for the rest of her life, and that she would likely live out the rest of her life as a vegetable. She received a priesthood blessing that she would heal. After making a miraculous recovery, she went back to see a doctor whom she'd never seen before to assess her progress. When the doctor entered the waiting room to find her, she smiled and indicated she was the one the doctor was looking for. Noticing she wasn't in a wheel chair the doctor immediately asked her, "You walked in here?" After she replied that she had indeed walked in the doctor still didn't believe her, "Show me." he said. Having previously reviewed her charts and scans, the doctor initially refused to believe the girl he was looking at was the same girl whose brain scan he had previously viewed. Looking at her charts and scans he told her to her face, "According to what I'm seeing here, you can't walk, and you are blind." She is currently serving a proselyting mission for the LDS church. History of LDS Scriptures Harold B. Lee Library. Bible: LDS Publication of the Bible The Coming Forth of the LDS Editions of Scripture It is that perfect unity among the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost that binds these three into the oneness of the divine Godhead. According to modern revelation - from an LDS perspective, what is the source of God's power? “‘And I, God, said unto mine Only Begotten, which was with me from the beginning: Let us make man [not a separate man, but a complete man, which is husband and wife] in our image, after our likeness; and it was so’ (Moses 2:26).