Roosevelt to Churchill, 1 June 1944. 

From the wording of the relevant section of 10 U.S. Code § 2644, it appears that, unlike the UK, where the government only requisitioned the asset "for the duration", the US government actually assumed ownership of the requisitioned aircraft when the requisition papers were served. The Response of Churchill and the War Cabinet What we do know is that in a report to the War Cabinet on 4 August 1943, the Secretary of State for India, Leo Amery, noted the spread of famine in Bengal. In his briefing, he specifically stressed the effect upon Calcutta and the potential effect on the morale of European troops stationed in India. At this stage, the cabinet offered only a relatively small amount of additional food shipments. Indeed, they explicitly referred to it as "a token shipment". 

Indeed, as the historian Arthur Herman wrote: 

The speculation mentioned had arisen after the Japanese invasion of Burma in 1942 had cut off India’s main supply of rice imports. United Kingdom The rules for compensation in the UK were set out in the Compensation (Defence) Act 1939. These covered requisitions of land, vessels, vehicles and aircraft, compensation in respect of taking space or accommodation in ships and aircraft and finally, the catch-all 

I have had much hesitation in asking you to add to the great assistance you are giving us with shipping but a satisfactory situation in India is of such vital importance to the success of our joint plans against the Japanese that I am impelled to ask you to consider a special allocation of ships to carry wheat to India from Australia ... We have the wheat (in Australia) but we lack the ships. I have resisted for some time the Viceroy’s request that I should ask you for your help, but ... I am no longer justified in not asking for your help. In terms of famine relief, Churchill initially urged Australia to provide assistance. In response, Australia promised to supply 350,000 tons of wheat. 

Winston S. Churchill to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, 29 April 1944. Interestingly, people often point to the fact that the 1945 Labour government was a "socialist" government as a reason that the Marshall Aid was "wasted". The National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London has published a research guide to the Dunkirk List which you might find helpful. 

Of course, it must be remembered that this was in the context of America's war against Japan in the Pacific and the build-up to D-Day in the European theatre. 

When in 1944, the Secretary of State for India, Leo Amery, requested a further one million tons of grain to ease the ongoing famine, Churchill stated that: 

THE SIGNAL CORPS: THE TEST (December 1941 to July 1943), Washington, 1957, p111 As for the wider questions of French persecution of Jews and collaboration with the Nazi occupiers, the overview presented in this article is worth reading. Winston S. Churchill to William Lyon Mackenzie King, 4 November 1943. 

United States In the United States, the legal situation is slightly more complicated. Firstly, under 10 U.S. Code § 2644 - Control of transportation systems in time of war: If the aircraft were subsequently lost, sold, or destroyed the owner would be compensated for its value at the time of loss (paragraph d). That payment would accrue due at the time of loss, sale or destruction (subsection 5). 

The idea of sending pilots on one-way suicide missions is largely attributed to a Capt. Motoharu Okamura. He is quoted as saying: 

In April 1944, we know that Wavel was reporting that the situation in India was still dire. At this point, Churchill even wrote to President Roosevelt to ask for assistance: 

It must be remembered that the idea of death before defeat was firmly ingrained in the Japanese military culture of the time. Background to the Famine There were undoubtedly a number of factors that came together to cause the 1943 Bengall famine. Many of these are covered in some detail in the Wikipedia article on the subject. It is also extremely difficult, if not impossible, to assign a definitive starting date to the actual onset of the famine. This is particularly true since different districts in Bengal suffered the effects at different times and to varying degrees. The Government of India dated the onset of full-scale famine to May 1943. The rewards for being a kamikaze pilot? Simply the honour of dying for the Emperor. But we should never underestimate just how ingrained and prevalent were the concepts of honour and dishonour in Japanese society at that time. 

(b) There would be advantage if ships carrying military or civil cargo from the United States or Australia to India could also take a quantity of bagged wheat. 

(Another reason for the low morale mentioned in the report was the number of other U-boats known to have been lost.) 

The Norwegian Royal family had been invited to the US by President Roosevelt. As such they would have been considered to be his guests. They would probably have been invited to the White House fairly often. He certainly seems to have visited them fairly often. 

It seems that Crown Princess Märtha and her three children, including prince Harald, didn't stay at the White House for very long. Several sources comment that they initially stayed at Roosevelt's Hyde Park estate, then (briefly) at the White House, before moving to Bethesda. For example, an article in the Washington Post observes: Of course, it must be remembered that this was in the context of America's war against Japan in the Pacific and the build-up to D-Day in the European theatre. 

Certainly, by the time that U-664 was sunk in August 1943 the attitude of U-boat crews was very different. While the interrogators of the crew of U-70 remarked on the high state of the morale of the survivors, the interrogation of the crew of U-664 noted: