The movie itself, however, was set in 1912, a somewhat different time period, 45 years earlier. Were billiard parlors and the like then viewed in the 1950s light described above? If not, how did billiard parlors later gain their unsavory 1950s reputation? If so, how did they lose this reputation by the 1990s? I know that a number of others argued for alternate plans, but were those plans soundly based on information known in the fall of 1944, or were they "after the fact" critiques or second guesses of MacArthur? There were actually TWO endings to the War of 1812. Russia is not a true naval power. It has only a handful of ports: St. Petersburg, Vladlivostok, Archangelsk, and Sevastopol (and all but the last are icebound for several months of the year). Its naval needs are primarily defensive, meaning that it can use land-based aircraft, rather than aircraft carriers for this purpose. Of course it needs a surface fleet and submarines to defend these approaches. 

Okinawa is a case in point. Wikipedia lists American casualties (to the nearest thousand) as 20,000 dead, 55,000 wounded, 26,000 psychiatric, that is 75,000 physical casualties, 101,000 in all. Japanese casualties were estimated at 77,000-110,000 dead, 7,000 known be captured, approximating the American toll. 

The ACTUAL ending of the war was the Battle of New Orleans, January 8, 1815 (news traveled slowly in those days, so neither side knew that the war had ended). It was a complete, lopsided victory for the defending American forces, under General Andrew Jackson that helped catapult him to the Presidency. The British suffered some 2000 casualties (one fourth of their total), including the commanding general Edward Pakenham. Also, many Muslim states signed on to the effort as allies, with the understanding that the recovery of Kuwaiti independence was the only goal. Most significantly, Saudi Arabia provided the required miltary basing and staging territory, with the understanding that the scope of the effort was limited to restoring Kuwait. How does the US Navy compare to its counterpart in the early 20th Century? Are the numbers of ships and personnel really that much smaller now? If so, is this cheifly a reflection of a change in the technology and role of Naval warfare in the last 100 years, cheifly a lessening of the USA's ability to project military power in the world, or a combination? 

Some people can't put themselves into another person's head, and thus assume those who they disagree with must have their same perspective, but be stereotypical mustache-twirling "bad guys". This reads a lot like a quote made up by such a person. There was a large block of very conservative southern Democrats who were dead set against the entire Civil Rights package, and for every such bill there was an attempted filibuster in the Senate. Senator Sam Earvin (D-NC) made what became a typical argument that it violated the principle of States' Rights. In other words, States should have the right to oppress a certain class of their citizens if they so choose without interference from the Federal Government. This is how the "States' Rights" argument in that era became a proxy argument for the upholding of Jim Crow. By the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries, the nation had gotten over the civil war, and quasi-military activities, including wearing uniforms, became respectable again, especially in the watered down form provided by scouting. (Similarly, America got over its Vietnam war funk around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries.) No less a historical figure than Winston Churchill (in "A History of the English Speaking Peoples") opined that the final outcome would like have been the same (a Northern victory) with less bloodshed if McClellan had been left in charge. The reason is that Ulysses S. Grant was winning in the west, capturing 'Tennessee in 1862, and Mississippi in 1863, thereby cutting off these states plus Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas from the main Confederacy, pursuant to General Winfield Scott's Anacaonda Plan. In 1864, Grant and Sherman could have traversed Georgia, cutting off another slice (Georgia, Alabama, Florida) of the Confederacy. Eventually, the South would lack the "critical mass" to survival. 

The movie itself, however, was set in 1912, a somewhat different time period, 45 years earlier. Were billiard parlors and the like then viewed in the 1950s light described above? If not, how did billiard parlors later gain their unsavory 1950s reputation? If so, how did they lose this reputation by the 1990s? Both at the time and today there were those who claimed the Japanese would not have fought like they did on Okinawa, and in fact were close to surrendering in a way acceptable to the US. If they happen to be correct, then the death toll from the bombing is rather massively in the red (on the Japanese side. On the US side, it still saved lives). But we have no real way of knowing this. I know there are some documents floating around that some claim prove otherwise, but I'd posit anyone who insists some documents prove future actions of politicians has a poor (or idealistic) understanding of politicans. 

As you said, I also managed to find it attributed to Adlai Stevenson. While I have the same suspicions as you that he could possibly have been re-quoting Jefferson, I did find at least one source for this attribution which is older than any Jefferson attribution I could find, and from someone with at least more credibility than a random internet schmoe: a memorial for Adlai Stevenson, penned by (then Vice President) Hubert Humphrey in July of 1969.