There are still some first-hand witnesses to the Holocaust around. However, there are less and less every year. So let's prepare ourselves by putting them aside for now. Fortunately for our purposes, this paper goes directly into the implications of this with respect to bread: You have to take into account the source. The quote that makes this claim was from the memoirs of a USA diplomat to Russia. While this may have been his view of things, he can't possibly have been privy to every secret communication that went back and forth between English and Polish intelligence. He was also spending his time in an environment (Russia) where a lot of folks had a vested interest in pushing stories that made Russia's part in things look better than they were. However, once England was under threat, that's a whole different ballgame. They were at the time the US's biggest ally and trading partner, which gets the Hamiltonians wanting intervention. The Nazi/Fascist takeover of the democracies of the continent had the Wilsonians wanting intervention. However, getting a consensus for actual military action would take either a threat to the homeland to get the Jeffersonians on board, or some kind of attack on the US to get the Jacksonians on board. Perhaps this is a generational thing? As a Gen-X'er, I grew up hearing about things like the Bataan Death March, The Rape of Nanking, and how in general the Japanese didn't feel like adhering to the Geneva Conventions, (as dramatized in Bridge over the River Kwai, among other movies and books). When I was a kid we also had lots more Pacific Theater veterans still running around, and they had a distinct tendency to be less than forgiving where their former opponents were concerned. All we really have to go by in History (what we call historiography) is sources. How many do we have? How reliable are they? Do they tend to back each other up, or are they contradictory? In short, how well-attested is the event in question? That's actually a more complicated question than it may seem. During WWII the Nazi government instituted price controls on things like bread, and the occupying UN powers didn't lift those controls until 1948. So bread's official price and its real ("black-market") price would have been very different things [pdf]. After reading up on the Chetnicks during WWII. Wow, they were a nasty piece of work. Put simply, the war leadership of Nazi Germany had a tendency to value strategic resources over what many would consider traditional political objectives.