The power of deductive systems and the simplicity of the notion of ontology of this kind of framework is what makes it so widespread in the methodology of analytical philosophy, mathematics and science. It is by no means the only, or even necessarily the most appropriate, logic for use in formulating languages about particular subjects, and it is known to have several limitations and unusual consequences. Nonetheless, it is certainly a system that has become well established in a great many areas of study in the mathematical sciences. Consider a conceivable model in which all birds can fly. Well, one reasonably like our own, where we have a number of bird species (pigeons, eagles etc.) capable of flight. There is another conceivable model in which all birds cannot fly - all of the possible species of bird are ones that don't fly (penguins, Ostriches etc.). The modern standard analysis of what Logic is can be described as its providing a framework with three different elements. On the face of it, "Every kind of berry is something that Alice likes" doesn't appear to be ungrounded in Kripke's sense. If a "kind of berry" is something that Alice can have an attitude towards, and Alice has a positive attitude towards every such kind of berry, then the sentence works out true, and otherwise, it works out false. Now we can reasonably discuss the possibility that neither kinds of berries nor the attitude of liking are usefully described with the particular logical structure that underlies the standard modelling view I've supposed here, but then we need to ask more about what it is you mean when you're talking about berries and liking. I think this might be where the similarities end, but it actually looks quite promising that the argument will eventually fall into contradiction for reasons more like the Liar paradox than the Incompleteness theorem, if it ends up reasoning that there are properties that God does not have, that he must therefore have their negations as properties and, using the necessary implication hook, that God must have an impossible property. In his semantics, then, the duals of worlds are related in terms of the facts that they posit. We say that in Normal worlds, we have consistency by noting that the only things that there are are positive states of affairs. Their dual worlds, too, are consistent, but where Normal worlds consist of fully compatible states of affairs, their duals contain richer collections of states of affairs that are in some sense incompatible with one another from our perspective in a Normal world. Then, the interesting aspect of Tarski's notion of a model is it matches the compositional structure of logical language, so we can add connectives like "and", "or", and quantifications like "every", "some" as part of how we mathematically model the domain of objects we're interested in, and build up more complex sentences from the basic cases. So thanks to using the maths of model theory, we can make sense of something Not being white, of what it would mean for everything to be white, or (given that there are other colours) how we might test whether something is "white and not some other colour" etc. I think I see what your tutor is getting at. Except, of course, Tarski's Theorem means that we're never going to have a complete internal account of truth in a language this way. If we're going classical, our theory is going to have to accept a cut-off point at some point; or, as Tarski puts it, our metalanguage is always going to have to be "essentially richer" than our object language. This isn't such a big deal for most mathematicians, but seems like a serious problem for any hope of giving a formal recovery of a classical theory of truth. The short answer is that Classical logic is about the idea that complete sentences can only take one of two Truth values: every grammatically well-formed sentence in a classical logic is either True or it is False. The longer answer... takes a while. It's a bit of a hack, I reckon. But it does seem to match with what a lot of the maths is pointing at! If a Tarski-like axiomatic theory is how mathematical practitioners operate, and we take the essential richness of something like proper class theory to be strictly necessary for practice but ontologically undesirable, the suggestion that it exists as an extra-theoretical posit that we appeal to when considering the interpretation of our theories has definite advantages. The work that Tarski did in showing how a truth predicate could be defined was not in presenting the T-Schema. That "snow is white" ought to be true if and only if snow is white is just something that Tarski reckoned anything that might be called "Truth" ought to satisfy, in the same kind of common-sense way that might meet your children's exacting standards. What makes Logic interesting is that deductive systems and semantics can be given rigorous treatments that tell us about what we can do with formulae. For instance, in Classical Propositional Logic, True and False are understood as forming a two-valued Boolean Algebra - a mathematical structure described in set theory and category theory. This means we can talk about particular kinds of mathematical function that we know are described in that algebra - if you have a true sentence A and a false sentence B, then according to the algebra, we can evaluate A ^ B as a false sentence (interpreting ^ as a function that takes T and F to F), and A v B as a true sentence (interpreting v to take T and F to T).