So the number of players achieving the feat of scoring a half-century in one innings and taking 10 wickets in a match will probably be considerably larger than these four and Steyn (mentioned in question). Nobody has scored 200 in an international, IPL, or T20 Blast match, with the top scorer in a major T20 match being Chris Gayle, who scored 175 for the Royal Challengers Bangalore in an IPL match. No, 100 is not the limit, because there is no maximum average. The batting average is calculated as: Test match: lowest score never achieved by batsman in an innings as of 2015 is 229. Runs: There is no fixed limit of runs in an innings, and scores over 100 are possible. The current record in a test match is 400 runs by Brian Lara. So even discounting not outs, the average could be over 100. At least four other players have achieved and surpassed this, by scoring 100 runs and taking 10 wickets in a match. Of course to score 100 runs in a match, you need to score at least one half-century. T20 International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 82 However, as pointed out by Ale in a comment, it has happened at lower levels, with Dhanuka Pathirana scoring 277 in a match in the Lancashire league. Mohit Ahlawat went even further playing for Maavi XI in a Friends Premier League match, scoring exactly 300 runs. So either way, by scoring centuries, or accumulating not outs, your average can be over 100. As you note, Bradman's average going into the final match was above 100, and other players have averaged over 100 for a year , but nobody who has played multiple test matches has got close to matching Bradman's career test average Edit: this was correct as of Feb 2015, but subject to change. For the correct answer as of Jan 2017, and a quick way of finding the current scores, see answer by Moaz0786. One Day International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 155. Alan Davidson for Australia (scores 44 and 80) Ian Botham for England (score 114, batted once) Imran Khan for Pakistan (score 117, batted once) Shakib al Hasan for Bangladesh (scores 137 and 6) http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/records/287370.html A note on the method: I kept scrolling on the links until I got the impression that there was no way a missing lower score could appear. This was at 200 for tests, at 119 for ODI and at 50 for T20I. For instance in ODIs, 119 has been scored 31 times, and 3 times by Viv Richards alone, so I am pretty confident that all lower values will have been scored, but I didn't do an exhaustive check all the way down to 0. He was out for a duck in a match against Australia. He was out for first ball duck in that match(c & b Bollinger). It was played at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth on 23 October 2011. That was the second ODI of the series which SA won by 80 runs. Usually the fielder is placed at an angle and I don't remember any captains using this fielding position. You can see all the rules here. So you are correct, white balls swings more than the red balls during the first half of innings. The major reason for using white ball in ODI and T20 is that many of those matches were happening as Day & Night matches and it was very difficult to spot the red ball under floodlights. Cricket balls were traditionally red and test matches still use that(Compared to red ball, white balls deteriorates more quickly and hence red balls are more suitable for test matches). There was also an attempt to experiment with some other colors as well as mentioned in the wiki: Usually the commentators refers it as the shot played when the ball is pitched on a good length where it is difficult to drive the ball as the ball would have already risen to knee level. Batsmen will be usually confused on what shot to play for these kind of balls as the length will be in between full pitched ball and short pitched ball. So it is not an easy shot to play it on the up. T20 does not include the possibility of a draw. To win, it is only necessary to score more runs; it is not required that all the opponents' wickets are taken. However, according to Law 2.5 (Fielder absent or leaving the field), she/he may not return without the consent of the umpire (which will be given as soon as possible). If she/he does so and touches the ball while in play, the umpire will award penalty runs under Law 2.6 (Player returning without permission): If you are a beginner, I would advise against solely focussing your efforts on one discipline. By all means start with batting, since you have experience in a racket sport; however, you may also find you have ability as a bowler. The more "strings to your bow", the better! A no-ball will not be called if a fielder leaves the field or fails to takes the field. Law 2.1 (Substitutes and runners) specifically states that a fielder may leave the field, thereby leaving fewer than 11 fielders on the field: 2) DRS may improve the balance between bat and ball Whilst urging caution in drawing conclusions too hastily, Richardson replied, in response to the suggestion that DRS should encourage batsman to use their bats more (because of the increase in LBW decisions):