Which means Powerplay rule will still be same depending upon the type of game you are playing, whether it be ODI or T20 regardless of team size. In your case you have 10 players fielding at a time but that will not change Powerplay rule whatsoever. Law 25.7 Restriction on the striker’s runner states: 

Ali would survive a further two DRS appeals throughout his innings, both reviewed by Bangladesh after the batsman had been given not out. 

This law will now restrict the movement of runner for injured striker before he strikes the ball. 41.2 Restrictions on the placement of fieldsmen 

From laws of cricket: (emphasis added) 19.2.6 An obstacle within the field of play, other than as in 19.2.7, shall not be regarded as a boundary unless so determined by the umpires before the toss. See Law 2.3.1.4 (Consultation with captains). 

25.7.2 If the striker’s end umpire considers the runner for an injured striker to be in breach of this restriction then, if the ball does not become dead for any other reason, he shall call and signal Dead ball as soon as the ball reaches the boundary or at the completion of the first run. However, he/she shall delay the call of Dead ball to allow the opportunity for a catch to be completed. 

From abstract of Performance measures for Wicket Keepers in Cricket by Hermanus H. LEMMER 

Where there is disagreement or dispute about any matter, the umpires together shall make the final decision. 

So, when a kid tried to grab the ball inside the ground but if it is confirmed that the ball did not hit him that is not to be considered as a boundary. However again if it is certain that the ball did hit something and jumped so depending on what was decided before game (whether that obstacle within the field of play is to be regarded as a boundary or not or if it was discarded piece of clothing, equipment or any other object of a fielder which made contact with the ball) umpire has to give decisions based on either [law 19.2.7] or [law 28.2.3]. 

TL;DR: Umpire made a wrong decision if they had consulted with a captain regarding obstacle within the boundary [law 2.3.1.4] before the game and it was confirmed that it did not hit a kid [law 19.2.7] and hit fielder discarded item [law 28.2.3]. When you search for this question the answer you will likely to get is Michael Holding bowling 5473 (900 overs) without a single wide and no-ball, and also Joel Garner who bowled 5330 deliveries without a wide (or a no-ball) in ODI. 

*Enforcement rate is the percentage of Tests in which the follow-on was available and was actually enforced. 

But the one that I find interesting to measure the performance of wicket keeper is in thesis by Danielle Catherine MacDonald named Performance analysis of fielding and wicket-keeping..... 

As these picture explain there is not much difference between enforcing a follow-on and not enforcing one. And enforcement rate has been clearly dropped, and success on not enforcing has improved. An umpire may alter any decision provided that such alteration is made promptly. This apart, an umpire’s decision, once made, is final. Before the toss the umpires shall 

Which clearly shows 7 runs in wagon wheel as no fours or six have been scored against him by Clarke. inform the batsmen and, as soon as practicable, the captain of the batting side of what has occurred. the ball shall not count as one of the over. However, if above things were not certain then from, any runs completed by the batsmen shall be credited to the batting side, together with the run in progress if the batsmen had already crossed at the instant of the offence. 

19.1 Determining the boundary of the field of play 

The white line in wagon wheel is overthrow 7 runs because Clarke has scored only 10 runs against Flintoff. Among which 1sx1 and 2sx1 and no 4s or 6s. 

But one week later another article from cricinfo clarifies that Michael Holding and Joel Garner do have bowled a no-ball and wide ball. But also states: Note: I'm not sure if it can be taken as duplicate of the question power play in T20 cricket but the comment of Ben Whyall states: --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This case is now covered by the new code of laws NEW CODE OF LAWS - OCTOBER 2017, thanks to @gout for looking into this and reminding me in comment. 

19.2 Identifying and marking the boundary So it is clear that 5 reviews against Moeen Ali is the highest against a player in an innings during a test match until now. So no player has survived more player reviews. 

The umpires together made the final decision according to their interpretation of laws which wasn't altered so it was final. 

From Standard One Day International Match Playing Conditions – 2016-17 the rule states: Before the change of law procedures of Law 42.18 Players’ conduct would be followed in this situation. inform the other umpire and the captain of the fielding side of the reason for this action. So what happens in this situation? What I did was to look for overthrow causing 7 runs in an ashes 06/07 Adelaide test Australia 2nd inning by Michael Clarke Link to Youtube Video and search the same match in cricinfo for wagon wheel. 

So neglecting Michael Holding and Joel Garner other three may have bowled without no-ball and wide. 

Article from FOX SPORTS mention: 

This is two wagon wheel from ESPN Cricinfo showing overthrow. 

What does umpire do in this situation, especially when wicket keeper is further back for fast bowler and runner for an injured striker is further forward then injured striker before playing the ball. Because it gives clear advantage to the runner. 2.3.2 inform the scorers of agreements in 2.3.1.2, 2.3.1.3, 2.3.1.4 and 2.3.1.6. 19.2.7 A person or animal coming onto the field of play while the ball is in play shall not be regarded as a boundary unless the umpires determine otherwise at the time that contact between the ball and such a person or animal is made. The decision shall be made for each separate occurrence.