ETA: If you think that her eye-rubbing is way outside the norm (which I know can be hard to judge), then it might be worthwhile to bring it up at your next ped appointment. I suppose that excessive eye-rubbing could be the result of a more serious problem, and this website seems like it has some good points to look for if you're concerned about that. 

CDC Developmental Milestones Chart (newborn through adolescence) Visual development An interesting aside to this that I believe was pointed out to us by our pediatric ophthalmologist is that children's peripheral vision isn't fully formed until they're 10 years old! Ten! Takes on a whole new meaning when your child is fully mobile and sprinting for a parking lot with an on-coming car! Aural development 

Since it's winter, it stands to reason that your baby's skin is going to be a little dry. This link suggests cutting back on bath time, making sure the water isn't too hot, and limiting the amount of contact your child has with soap. Baths strip the natural oils off the skin so you don't want to over-do the number of baths she gets or how long she's in the tub. 

It also suggests moisturizing immediately after bathing as your skin will absorb the lotion better, and that the general rule-of-thumb with moisturizer is the thicker the better. If Johnson's isn't working, you might switch to a thicker lotion or a cream instead of Johnson's which is pretty thin as lotions go. Some of my mommy friends have had good results with Cetaphil or anything that's unscented and/or hypoallergenic. 

ETA (again): I don't love this website as it's a disneyfamily.com site which I wouldn't consider to be the height of medical information, but they make some completely valid points about eyes and eye-rubbing in babies which I'd never really thought about before, namely that as your baby gets tired, the muscles surrounding their eyes also grow fatigued and rubbing the eyes will relieve the tension in and around the eye and eyelid (we've all done this before after working a long day, reading a lot, or spending too much time watching tv or on the computer). Additionally, the longer your eyes are open, the dryer they become and rubbing them somewhat stimulates tearing. Excessive eye-rubbing (as in, more than usual) can sometimes be a sign of a teething in some children. 

The latter has actually never happened, and my daughter will rub her eyes quite hard and for an extended period of time if she's tired or the sun is in her eyes or her lense gets out of alignment or whatever, and she's been wearing contact lenses since she was 4 months old. The likelihood that your daughter is going to damage her eye by rubbing it is slim. The most probable cause of her harming her eye in this manner is if she has some sort of debris (sand, dirt, etc.) on her hands and reaches up to rub her eye and it gets into the eye. Also there's the possibility that she could maybe develop an eye infection if she's been in contact with someone who has recently had pink eye or some other highly communicable eye infection. Either way, the best way to prevent both of these from occurring is just to keep her hands as clean as possible. If you let her play in the sandbox, make sure you wash her hands as soon as she's done playing.