As we saw in Romans 2 (quoted above), the Bible tells us that God will not accept ignorance as an excuse. They will perish without the Law, as God's word states, because they have sinned and broken the law, not because they have rejected Jesus. Accepting Jesus is the only way to be saved. He pays the penalty for our guilt. However, the reason we are guilty is not because we didn't accept Him, it's because we chose to sin. 

This will seem highly unsatisfying to some, obvious to others, and deeply comforting to yet others. 

Jesus' most clear statements on the end times are in Matthew 24. You can see for yourself what He said. 

29 He told them this parable: “Look at the fig tree and all the trees. 30 When they sprout leaves, you can see for yourselves and know that summer is near. 31 Even so, when you see these things happening, you know that the kingdom of God is near. 

30 And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. 

This is yet another fine demonstration of Romans 8:28 KJV 

27 For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 

The short answer is "Yes." Jesus quoted from the Old Testament scriptures as if they were authoritative, and as if they were the very words of God. The passages of the OT that are historical were regarded by Him as historical. 

22 And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened. 

6 And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father. 

This means that these sacrifices are ordinary sacrifices offered by sinful humans. Offering animals - the best animals, spotless, presumably, if they were following the Law, but animals nonetheless. 

Some clarification on the distinction - what makes "only begotten" special: 

http://www.greatcom.org/resources/reasons_skeptics/ch_06/default.htm 

6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 

This is referring to a human priest, who must sacrifice "for his own sins, as well as for the sins of the people". Jesus, as the sinless Son of God, was sinless, so He would not have to sacrifice for His own sins.