Note: Don't just try to increase Dopamine. 

Apart from that, meditation and jogging / exercise helps you control your thoughts. Get new experiences, learn new skills, memorize a new Surah etc. (proven to increase gray and white matter of brain). Also often suggested is cutting down sugar and having whole grains in diet. 

But, practically, in this modern world I can't stand and exactly measure when is there gonna be a change. I would simply rely on the internet and check when is that twilight happening in my place. Well for sure you can follow the Prophet advice of fasting, but while you're not fasting you're obliged to consume healthy foods with Omega 3, B Complex etc. 

The literal word used in the Qur'an for "Thank" is "Ashkur" nothing but "Shukran" or the like. If you've gone through the page, there is a lot of difference between the nautical and Astro twilights in morning. So, wanted the exact time until when I can enjoy my Suhr So, try to implement the aspects of the above hadith as much as possible. By praying Ishraq Salah in the morning after sunrise. From a hadith, we come to know that if we pray Salat al-Ishraq, Allah will help us with our responsibilities throughout the day among which our Fardh prayers are one of them. Finding other ways to maintain the high. 

I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". 

The obvious concern is because I want to determine the exact time of ending my Suhr. I could safely pray my Fajr prayer after the nautical twilight anyways. 

If that muslim is not baffled i.e. if he did not understand what you just said, say the same above line in Arabic, 

The main concern is with morning fajr/Dawn prayer. People say the white thread - black thread, honestly, those terms don't pretty much get into my head. So, I just understood them as simply the turn over from dark to light i.e. the moment you feel there is a change. Is my understanding right? 

You just asked, what will make him stop and think, then this is what at least makes him stop and think for a while. Later, if he will kill or will not kill will entirely depend on the circumstances. When does Isha start / Maghrib end? Is it Astro, Nautical or Civil twilight? (I guess it is Nautical here, but want a confirmation) 

For a complete overview and further details about the receptor control theory, I strongly recommend you to read this especially the section "HOW TO UPREGULATE YOUR RECEPTORS". 

If you are indulged only in halal dealings with them, then your case is analogous to trading, irrespective of whether the opposite is a believer or not.