I think everything is pretty straightforward up until the flop where you are faced with the check-raise. I think a call here is good, but I'm uneasy about it as it doesn't lead to the rest of the hand playing out well too often. A reraise effectively turns your hand into a bluff when it actually has value, but you're getting 3 to 1 odds with top pair, so call is good. 

This is only true, though, if his range is as tight as you think it to be, the board (including non-heart rivers) is as unthreatening to his range as it is on this hand, and your stack is small enough compared to the pot that you'll basically always get called and win on a non-heart river. 

The second mindset adjustment is correlated with that, and it's to think of the late stages of the tournament as the real "beginning". It can certainly be a drain to your energy getting to the later stages, but you should feel energized that the "boring" part is out of the way--here is where it gets interesting and you should be focusing in and making your moves. 

TL;DR: Late stages of the tourney are where things get exciting, and ramping up your aggression will keep your head in the game while increasing your chances of winning. 

By pushing and getting called, you have roughly a 20% chance of losing and 80% chance of doubling up. If you call, you'll still double up on most of the 80% of rivers that don't have a heart--although not all the time. But by calling you also leave yourself with 13bb's on the 20% of the time where a heart does come assuming that you fold. 

Much money is lost by going too far with middle of the road hands in an uncertain situation. Your options here are either to commit a lot more chips or to get out now and the odds of everything playing out in your favor is pretty low so I get out now. 

It may help to try and adjust your mindset in a couple ways. For one, simply cashing in the tournament shouldn't be a goal in itself as long as you're playing within your bankroll. One time finishing with a top spot is worth quite a few times of sneaking into the money and can turn someone from a breakeven tournament player to a profitable one. For this you'll need to keep a constant attitude that first place is everything and make your decisions accordingly. 

Interesting, tough hand. I think I would fold here. I'll assume there isn't any relevant history with the opponent as that may change your strategy here. 

Basically, instead of a mindset of survival or of hoping to run good, you should be aggressively seeking any and every spot where you can accumulate more chips--that attitude in itself should heighten your senses and keep you focused in the game. You'll definitely end up busting earlier more often but when the mentality is all or nothing, that's acceptable-- when you don't bust around the bubble you'll go much further and have a better chance of winning. If you start to feel tired, try to remember that you'd much rather be in the position you're currently in than to be at the beginning of the next tourney after you'd blown your chance on this one.