Is it possible to raise a "moderator" style flag (with the explanation) from the transcript if it is no longer in the current chat window? Also, a general design tip if you have a specific project: Start out by documenting your high level requirements, then do a rough actual design (often on paper if you have to), this will give you concrete criteria when searching for solutions and tools. Then you can take a more methodical approach and do your research on available technologies and piece together a collection of compatible solutions that allow you to implement all of your requirements. Implement rough prototypes of individual components and/or experiment with individual tools as you go if it helps you evaluate an option. Don't be afraid to try out a technology and discover that you don't care for it that much or that it has unexpected shortcomings, if you run into problems, keep track of why, this will help you search for better alternatives next time around. My goals: I'm not questioning whether or not users should or should not delete their content. That's a whole different debate. But my goals here are, assuming my interpretations above are correct (and please, correct me if I'm wrong, that's part of my question): Emphasis mine. You plagiarized the Linux Man pages, without the proper attribution. When simply purloining another author's work the proper attribution is to show you have the right to re-license the work under the CC license used over here. You have not provided such proof. I would have rejected them as well, for the exact same reason. Please don't copy man pages verbatim into a tag wiki. Suddenly it looks as if you sent this from your account. Because you received the resulting email and clicked on the link, Careers has registered the email as being yours and associates it with the account you are logged in with. This sort of makes sense as you can fill in any email address when applying. If you can refrain from voting for your friend's posts in the future, you are welcome to use your new account. Stack Exchange works by ensuring that the best information rises to the top. Voting specifically for content that benefits your friends, family or colleagues unfairly skews that system. The moderator that deleted your account assumed you were a sockpuppet account for your friend, and acted accordingly. Since you upvoted all eighteen of your friends posts (not just one), that is not surprising. All content on the Stack Exchange is licensed under the CC Wiki license. By copying the Linux man pages verbatim you are in effect trying to re-license that content, without stating any proof that you have the right to do so. Note that the rejection reason states: In essence, the developers are (more or less) the primary patrol, followed by folks on the community team checking on their assigned sites, followed by your appointed / elected moderators sending us a ping if something is forgotten, followed by folks in the community reaching out if they think something fell through the cracks. Think of it a bit like email, where you see a sudden surge of spam, then your filters learn and stop more from coming in. You've still got some in your inbox that you have to throw out, and that's what you're doing when you see this. Other than that, we try to stay out of your business when it comes to voting, because we feel that you should feel free to vote as you choose without being held accountable for it later - provided that you're doing it honestly. The developers have a special view to see all bug / feature tags across the network. The person on bug duty basically picks up the patrol from the last person, and works on them. Note that: I've contacted our SRE team to look into dropping the rule because it is quite old, and there's strong evidence that a real person is now using it. Hang tight, might take a while. Pretty much all bugs are tested, even the ones where we don't quite have enough information from the person reporting to test it - we still look. It's also quite common to see bug reports coming from our contact form (often the path of least resistance for someone that just wants to be helpful but has limited time) We recently strengthened spam protection in the area of suggested edits. As multiple spam networks tend to target the same seemingly innocuous posts, we've started keeping track of how many spam edits any given post receives over a period of time, and now deal a severely harsh penalty to those that attempt to spam known targets. When he got home, he realized that he forgot something, but because the kid wasn't there the cat didn't hide so the guy tripped over the cat — and into his desk where he went to catch his balance. On a more serious note, some have attributed this to various phases of the moon. Sometimes, well, people just do odd things. It's one down vote, don't worry about it - as long as you're sure that your answer is good, then put it out of mind. The amount of entropy involved in a site of this scale is just too much to even hope for any kind of accuracy in a guess as to why it happened.