So, my question is this: among scholars, what is the generally accepted interpretation of this line? Is Machiavelli saying that the ends really do justify the means, or that the people often perceive it to? Is there some other common interpretation? What evidence is there for each perspective? I think this affirms your question of whether any philosophies are similar to your personal philosophy—Plato makes it pretty apparent that he believes people have a duty to do what is right (what is just, which is equivalent to him) even if it means they won't be very happy, although he does assert that the overall happiness of a city (and by his analogy, the soul) is best when it is just. This does not mean that the just person is always happy. As a matter of fact, he considers the path to justice very difficult, but sort of a happy ending story. Now, the second of these natural laws (derived from the first, which is simply that one must pursue peace or prepare themselves for war if peace is not possible) represents your very question of sacrificing happiness for moral duty: Thus, I lived with this impression for a while, until I actually read The Prince and got to the line in question (at the end of Chapter 18). In specific context, its meaning seems very different: Here, Machiavelli does not seem to be making an ethical argument, but rather a sort of psychological one. It appears (to me) he is arguing that to the people, the ends justify the means, not that "the ends justify the means" is some moral code. Specific phrases that give me this impression are "the means will always be judged honorable, and will be praised by everyone." Plato The philosopher who first occurred to me when I thought about this question was Plato. In The Republic, Plato describes a city in speech to examine "what is just," along with other major ethical (and sometimes metaphysical) questions. To rule this city, he assigns certain particularly educated and wise people called "guardians" to lead over their people and maintain justice with totalitarian authority. I think these philosophers would be useful in comparison with your personal ideas. This idea that the truth is often depressing is repeated often by Nietzsche, and something that suffuses his works is his idea that the free spirit is unhappy much more than the normal person. Although there is no mention of moral duty (Nietzsche would probably balk at the idea) or duty of any sense, there is a clear theme that Nietzsche's ideal man is far from happy (although he can experience times of pleasure). This is sort of similar to your personal philosophy, though I admit it seems much less noble (again, not really in Nietzsche's style).