I'm not entirely sure this would need to be moderator-only, but I've had requests from moderators for this information and can see where it would be helpful to them on occasion (for the same reasons it's been helpful to me), whereas it might well just be noise for most other folks. Over the past few months, I've found that I regularly need the ability to look up review tasks associated with posts, for things like diagnosing odd voting patterns, verifying that the queues are operating as expected, or tracking down rejected suggested edits. 

I haven't seen anyone use the argument that this is their pass to up-voting everything yet (I'd be a bit surprised if the folks doing the three-second reviews bothered reading it). 

Still TODO: make this more heavily dependent on your recent failure rate. It doesn't show up for answers, since there's a bit more to providing a good answer than just the form. 

Therefore, I propose an option be added to each posts's moderator menu that will provide a list of any and all review tasks associated with it. A spiritual brother to the current "Show flag history" option: Update Ok - so the logic is supposed to give you an audit every 20 reviews or so; it looks at reviews in any queue though. So you're getting a lot of audits in LQ because you're doing a lot of reviews in Suggested Edits. That's... Kinda bogus. We're tweaking the logic here: 5% chance of being audited starting 5 reviews after your last audit. You probably won't see any fewer audits, but you should see more of them in the queues you're actually most active in. And your chances of being quarantined will depend more heavily on past behavior in the queue you're being audited in, so that should help too. I agree that the past few audits you've encountered have been borderline. The first one which we discussed was (if memory serves) an answer to a closed question - such answers are no longer used as audits. The second probably shouldn't have been deleted, at least not for the reason that it was, but I'm not sure we can alter the criteria to avoid such posts - ultimately, it comes down to improving the feedback loop for moderators. If it makes you feel any better, I think this will eventually improve not just reviewing but moderation as well. 

Having questions whose topicality depends on when they were posted is not what SE was built for, and speaking both as an SE user in general and as an AU user in particular, this isn't something I want. 

Hiding the information doesn't serve a useful purpose. If you feel that the number is not tied closely enough to the word “review”, reduce the space between them, and make “reviews” plural when there are 2 or more, so that the text smoothly reads smoothly “N reviews”. Furthermore, the inaccuracy should be explained in the tooltip. Instead of showing ”~42 review items“, show “42 total pending reviews” — still reasonably short, but hints that it's not counting just reviews that you can do. 

At least the suggested edit indicator should be immediately visible, at least on sites other than SO. ¹ Well, at least the inbox but that's a whole 'nother debate. 

I was in the first posts review queue and chanced on a post with a suggested edit. (Note: I have enough reputation to review suggested edits.) I clicked on “edit” and was taken into the suggested edits queue. When I approved the suggested edit, I was taken to the next suggested edit, and so on until there were no more suggestions (“There are no items for you to review.”, still in the suggested edits queue). This is a code-only answer. A code-only answer should not be deleted on sight. To call it a high-quality answer is be stretching it, but it is not so low-quality that it needs to be deleted. Furthermore, you're removing information. With the numbers, I might notice that the number increases on a page load — that means more reviews have come in so I ought to take a look. Without the numbers, chances are that I'm going to pretty consistently see the same symbol during the period of time when I'm online (but, if the symbol variation is to have any use, I'll see different symbols in different sessions or on different sites). Still TODO: make this more heavily dependent on your recent failure rate. 

Over the past few months, I've found that I regularly need the ability to look up review tasks associated with posts, for things like diagnosing odd voting patterns, verifying that the queues are operating as expected, or tracking down rejected suggested edits. 

It doesn't show up for answers, since there's a bit more to providing a good answer than just the form. I agree that the past few audits you've encountered have been borderline. The first one which we discussed was (if memory serves) an answer to a closed question - such answers are no longer used as audits. The second probably shouldn't have been deleted, at least not for the reason that it was, but I'm not sure we can alter the criteria to avoid such posts - ultimately, it comes down to improving the feedback loop for moderators. If it makes you feel any better, I think this will eventually improve not just reviewing but moderation as well. I haven't seen anyone use the argument that this is their pass to up-voting everything yet (I'd be a bit surprised if the folks doing the three-second reviews bothered reading it). The original philosophy here was simple: if you can't find any problems with someone's first question, up-vote it. As for your feature request: the automatic review-quarantine takes both the number of failures and the time spent on reviews into account. You don't have a particularly high failure rate, but you do complete review audits very quickly, averaging under 4 seconds each for First Posts audits. In general, time-to-review has been a pretty good heuristic; that said, I'm open to the possibility that it not be properly balanced against overall success rate.