In a public card room the rule is in place for good reasons. Someone loosing to you should see the whole hand your playing with and it is a basic security measure to make sure the hand your winning with is a legitimate hand not containing something like two aces of spades or a card on the board. A floor person is obligated to rule against you in this scenario. 

So there you go the floor person has to decide what is going to happen with this pot when no player at the table has a legitimate claim to the pot. The really bad thing in this situation is that there is no totally correct ruling. The ruling is totally a judgment call. The rules cover the conditions under which a player may be awarded the pot, very little is said about what should happen when no one qualifies to win the pot. Here is what the floor person can do. 

Just because the player is loose and aggressive, it does not mean he will not lay down a hand. I would seriously consider that letting him stay the aggressor just might be the best play. Check raising the river all in might work a little better if he has a hand or is on a bluff. If he is bluffing you really have not lost anything because he is not going to call an all in. Better to let him try one more bluff. 

Technically leaving the pot to be decided by the next hand is most supported by common rules of poker. Jacks or better requires antes, and that you must open with a pair of Jacks or better or the pot remains in the middle to be decided by the next hand. To make the context generic so that it might apply to another game as a poker rule, the precedence is that if no one has a claim to the pot within the rules of the game, the pot stays in the middle to be decided by the next hand. Unfortunately, accept perhaps in rules about jacks or better, there is no rule that says what happens when a pot has no legitimate winner. This is not to say that leaving the pot is not a option, it just means that it is not the only option. However making this decision may not fly with anyone at the table if the pot was really huge and a lot of innocent players had large investments in the pot. 

I do not know if you call, I do know that you do not automatically fold. The majority of boards in hold'em like this have cards that are connected enough and suited enough for someone to hold a hand better then yours. Technically, under the rule that a player only has a claim to a pot if they table their card face up at showdown no one at the table has a claim to the pot. Under the rules, no one has a claim to the pot! 

The ruling I made was simple, it was a small pot and nobody really cared how it was ruled. I did however pause for a bit before I ruled and seriously considered leaving the pot in the middle. The two players involved were father and daughter, experienced and just simply ignoring the rule. I just took the path of least resistance and controversy and let it be split, and gave a warning that it would not be split again if this happened. The villain may also made two pair or is just bluffing, because he figure the board is very wet and you would lay down a lot of hands here. The range of hands he could put you on do not generally involve draws. 

If something looks fishy, like players may be colluding, are they are just needling and being jerks I like this option. Having said that, I agree with Toby, the operator of your game saw enough of your hand that he knew that he could not beat what he saw. He should of just gave you the pot. I would quit playing his game, he is a bit of a sleaze ball. Besides the possibility of 9-10, this being a hand the villain flops a straight draw with, and the hand I would most likely fear, you have the possibilities of villain making a flush, or not so likely having hit a larger set then yours. Lots of things to fear. I would argue that both games take a similar amount of skill in order to achieve expert-level play. However, to achieve average-level play, tournaments require less skill. Second, let's look at history: You noted in the comments that Villian has not let a pot check around. Also, he way overplayed a couple of face cards, a low pair, or worse in the TT hand. Finally, his play feels as though he is trying to act strong, which fits the classic "act strong when weak" tell. 

Further, it's worth noting that tournaments can be more demanding from an endurance perspective, since you do not have the option to leave the table when you are no longer playing your A-game. 

The reasoning behind this is, as John Dibling stated, cash games require more postflop play. That complication is forced into the game much more than any of the complications of high-level tournament play, and as such, average-level players must learn more to hold their own in cash games (while in tournaments, they can rely more on comparatively simple preflop decisions).