Maya calendar, perhaps, more accurate than our own (Gregorian Calendar). [Expanded explanation and source cited per request in comments by Lohoris] 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT ORIGINALLY INCLUDED DUE TO POSSIBLE CONJECTURE: 

An incendiary weapon that was used by the military of the Byzantine Empire. The Byzantines most famously used it during the 11th century, when it was credited with helping to repel two sieges of Constantinople by Arab invaders. In its earliest form it was poured into jars and thrown at enemies like a grenade or a Molotov cocktail. Later, giant bronze tubes were mounted on warships, and siphons were used spray the weapon at enemy vessels. The closest counterpart to Greek Fire, napalm, wasn’t perfected until the early 1940s. 

I believe the best place to start would be archaeological evidence. For this we begin with Sir Charles Leonard Woolley. Woolley was a British archaeologist best known for his excavations at Ur in Mesopotamia. He is considered to have been one of the first "modern" archaeologists, and was knighted in 1935 for his contributions to the discipline of archaeology. Woolley does appear to try to tie together ancient "stories/traditions" with his archaeological finds. For the purposes of my answer I am staying away from this portion of his research as this is where things get very tough in regards to accuracy and factual evidence. Regardless it does appear that the city of Ur did experience a dramatic flood around 3100 BC during the Uruk Period (ca. 4000 to 3100 BC). The clay deposits found by Woolley were 3.75 meter thick. This is to say that post flood at least (likely much more) 3.75 meters of sediment were found in the area. For that much sediment to be laid down you could expect that said flood consisted of a lot of water. However, this flood (much like the others that follow) does not seem to have been a "world" flood. In this particular case no archealogical evidence of flood residue, of the same time period, was found just 23 kilometers (12 kilometers depending on source) from the city of Ur in the Sumerian city of Eridu. Note: Ur was established during the Ubaid Period ca. 6500 to 3800 BC (Sidenotes: Ubadian Culture & meaning of Ubaid). 

Romans used, Silphium, an herbal drug as one of the earliest forms of birth control. It is likely that over harvesting drove the plant into extinction. It is worth noting that other herbs that are chemically similar to Silphium have been proven to have a fairly high rate of preventing pregnancy. 

No one knew how to construct a dome such as the one that covered the Roman Pantheon. No one knew how to construct the equestrian statues of the Empire, or even the free-standing human sculptures of the Greeks. Creating such works required a knowledge of materials and design that had simply been lost after the fall of Rome. 

Leap Year Needed to Correct Calendar Drift 

Research has shown that very ancient cultures knew about zero and its necessity in performing complex mathematics. However, this knowledge was not present among the Babylonians, who wrote it as a black space a practice which eventually disappeared. The same retrograde process occurred in China. 

I have been informed that the Roman Arch was indeed still put to use after the Roman Domination of Europe. However, I am still torn on wether or not the true Roman Arch and its building technique was implemented. If further information on this subject is found please feel free to add comments