He could for the very same reasons he sent a worldwide flood: it was His divine way to deal with the sin of that time, of that moment. Saul was rebelling and this was his de facto punishment. 

However all these translations agree that this Spirit was sent from the Lord. So to stay with your question, how could a loving God send an evil spirit to torment? 

2nd Samuel 3:1 ESV There was a long war between the house of Saul and the house of David. And David grew stronger and stronger, while the house of Saul became weaker and weaker. 

But it seems most likely based on a lack of detail that Hebron itself was chosen by God simply because it was a place to go and there's nothing special about the place itself. Same reason God chose the land of Canaan, or Jerusalem, or Bethlehem, or anywhere else. It's his divine purpose through David that was important. 

Though Hebron and Mahanaim were pretty far away in the first place. Hebron is C-15 on that map and Mahanaim is J-9, so there's still plenty of unanswered questions. 

Probably not Jonah spoke of coming out of the belly of Sheol (Hebrew word for grave). Jonah could have been speaking literally or using a figure of speech. 

Habakkuk had this very same question for God when it was clear that God was allowing the wicked nation of Babylon to punish Judah. God responded with this: 

We know, from the text, that David had just finished doing battle. We also read that at the time all of Israel was under one King, Saul, who was now dead along with his son Jonathan. David is wondering whether he should come back to the cities of Judah, but God tells him to go to Hebron instead. 

Basically, God's great plans extend beyond the painful moment. God had a plan to rescue Judah from Babylon/Persia just like God had a plan for Saul in sending the evil spirit, even though neither made sense at the time. If you continue reading the chapter in 2 Samuel you'll see that it is through this evil spirit that Saul has his first encounter with his royal successor, David. 

These are all illustrations used to convey a point. Jesus did this all time when speaking in parables. 

I think it's because God knew that the nation of Israel was about to split and God wanted to make sure that David was away from the town of Mahanaim which is where a new king of Israel was being crowned. 

Dave Miller, Apologetics Press: 

Different translations describe the spirit in different ways: 

My guess is that it was a figure of speech. Jonah was going to die under water and God saved him from death.