Different interpretations for „picture“ have been suggested. One interpretation takes “picture” as mapping in a mathematical sense. Accordingly, a picture is a structure preserving mapping from the proposition to reality, i.e. the structure of the proposition resembles the structure of reality. This covers the property of a “model” to represent the structure of the domain of investigation. The following link is not a direct answer to your question. Likeness (eikasia) Trust (pistis) Thought (dianoia) Understanding (noesis) (All translations from Perseus online dictionary) Edmund Husserl is one of the founders of phenomenology. Husserl has even studied mathematics, but afterwards switched to philosophy. And a real challenge is to study Kant, Immanuel: Critique of Pure Reason. The book applies criticial thinking to the domain of metaphysics. Descartes is one of few European philosophers whom one can read without any introduction from the secondary literature. Hence I recommend to start studying Descartes by the primary sources. You get a fresh impression of his thinking and you can form your own opinion: ad 4. I do not know any important contemporary philosophers who defend Plato's theory of forms. The line from Plato's parable is divided into 4 sections, named And to answer your original question, e.g., Cottingham, John (Ed.): The Cambridge Companion to Descartes. (1992) The results of vision and thinking in each of the 4 sections are classified as The most simple explanation for the fitting of the measurements of different groups is the hypothesis that all groups measure properties of the same external objects. The English word value form translates the German Wertform. The most effective way to learn critical thinking is to apply the method of questioning in all situations of daily life. It is bit acting like Socrates as Plato portraits him in his early dialogues, e.g., Euthyphro, Laches, Ion. Oedipus is the paradigm of a rational man. He is convinced that rational investigation can answer - and possibly solve - all problems. But according to Sophocles the scope of rational investigation in human life is limited. It appears for the first time in Marx, Karl: Das Kapital, Band 1, Abschnitt 1, Kapitel 1, Paragraph 3, entitled "Die Wertform oder der Tauschwert". Unfortunately I do not know a contempory philosopher of the same rank as philosopher and the same background in science like Bertrand Russell. http://www.the-rathouse.com/shortreviews/Against_Big_Words.pdf You recall that Freud created the term Oedipus complex from this play. Iocaste expresses this thought (verse 981f.): How oft it chances that in dreams a man Has wed his mother! In my opinion, such view overestimates the role of logic as the primordial structure of reality. Overestimation, because reality exists much longer and previous to information processing according to the rules of logic. Images. Animals, plants, artificial objects. Deduction from imitations. Herefrom Aristotle later develops the method of reasoning by deduction from first axioms. Search for the beginnings. Herefrom Aristotle later develops the method to find first principles and axioms. The first two sections are named the domain of the “visible (horaton)”, the latter two the domain of “the intelligible (noeton)”. In my opinion, possibly the writings of Karl Popper are more helpful to a reader with a mathematical or scientific background, e.g. Popper's book Objective Knowledge: An Evolutionary Approach. Popper does not deal with phenomenology. I think he did not estimate this type of philosophy. Kant’s term noumenon often equalizes with thing-in-itself. Hence it has a different meaning than Plato’s noeton. I do not see that Sophocles in "Oedipus Rex" takes an adverse stance against the Greek myths. First, because I could not name any passage which supports the claim. Secondly, because the Greeks of the 5. century BCE considered most of their myths as real as we today consider historical events. ad 2. Plato's answer: We know the forms because we could grasp them in a status of pre-existence (Phaidon 75ff) Equivalence is a fundamental concept of mathematics, possibly even the most elementary fundamental concept. Taking equivalence relation is used for abstraction: I know the German edition and I assume both editions have the same text. There are eight chapters, e.g., Space, time matter; philosophy of the Theory of Relativity; the challenge of Quantum Physics; causality and laws of nature.