The first sentence shows John having a visceral reaction, his body has gone numb because of what he has found. You can imagine the following sentence is that he goes round the corner and vomits in disgust. Try putting that idea after the second sentence, and it doesn't work. 

Should I use up good ideas within a book that I'm already planning on writing that wouldn't be utilized to their full effectiveness, or save those ideas to use them fully in a book I may never write? 

I have built a world in which to write my fantasy book, and I'm currently writing my first book about it. I have it all planned out and am in the process of writing it. I have plans for a further book that develops naturally from this one, and will end with most things wrapped up quite nicely. 

However, some of the ideas that I have wanted to put into the second book could potentially be expanded upon in much more detail. 

To the villain, this is a massive twist. They were fully planning on being successful in their evil scheme, expecting that their minions would sort out anyone who tried to prevent that, but at the last second they discover there is a chosen one or a magical artifact that can actually stop them. 

There's already good answers here, so I'll add in what I think are some of my techniques for constructing rounded characters. 

Characters don't have to be a "do as I say, not as I do" type of person, sometimes it's just impossible for people to maintain their views all of the time. They may be challenged in such a way as they will change their beliefs in order to fit with new revelations, going entirely against something that they staunchly maintained previously. 

Those sentences both mean the exact same thing, John was looking at a body, and he didn't have any feelings. 

Obviously I'm reading a lot into these short sentences, but without context you can read each one differently. If you expanded on them more, neither one would be wrong, but in order to make the reader understand what you're trying to say, subtle differences in the language can say a lot. 

I originally wanted it all as one, until I realized the book would be far too long. So book 2 is essentially the second half of the story that begins in book 1 (neither would be complete without the other). 

John watched the body laying on the ground, not feeling anything. 

That's one of the things that I love about writing. Lots of things can be said with very little. 

With best detective novels you are getting at first the complete set of clues and rules of the game, and then playing it optimally you can reach the conclusion and authoritatively guess the "murderer" less than halfway into the book. The other half gradually uncovers additional clues, which make the task increasingly easier, until you reach the conclusion - the solution of the puzzle, where our protagonist uncovers the guilty. 

Think from perspective of the speaker, how would they convey their impressions. A battle-hardened, disciplined soldier will use terse, precise report-style sentences conveying facts, but not impressions. A romantic lady will use florid metaphors and concentrate on impressions. A person suffering from depression will focus on dreary aspects. A child will express awe and sometimes use similes that seem outright bizarre. A person tired will use short, succint sequences. A bore with big ego will extend bare scraps of actual information with endless pleonasms. A person with passion will express that passion, delving into fascinating, little known details. 

Personally, I love semicolons and use them frequently, but only in non-fiction, when I'm conveying complex conceptual content. I rarely (if ever) "hear" them in natural speech, and they seem excessive in most descriptive passages. They are really a conceptual marker rather than an oral one; and storytelling, much more than academic writing, relies on that strong narrative voice, even when not read aloud. 

With that said, the establishment of the "Ordinary World" is one of the core "Hero's Journey" elements, and it's arguably just good storytelling. However, it absolutely doesn't have to be literal. All it means, in practice, is whatever your character has come to accept as day-to-day normality for his or her own life --leaving it does not need to be a physical journey. It also doesn't need to resemble what the reader views as ordinary (although if it does, it may help build identification with the character). 

No one can really answer this for you, it's about what trade-offs you are personally willing to make. This request sounds ridiculous and off-the-wall the way you described it, but it's the publisher's job to know the market, and maybe he's correct that the "Hoodied Hunter" would be a huge success. Paul Simon's producer didn't even ask him before he edited an electric guitar right over top of Paul's quiet acoustic folk song "The Sound of Silence," but without that intervention, Paul might never have had a career.