Update - Requirements to qualify for artillery training in U.S. Military: Update: Genghis's army rode ponies, not full horses, reducing forage needs accordingly. 

Du Moulin, Lt. Col. Louis Eugene - was killed in action at Abrahan's Kraal, near Koffyfontein, January 28th, 1902. In February 1900, it proceeded to South Africa and then took part in the march from Bloemfontein to Pretoria, inclduing the engagements at Welkom Farm, Zand River and Doorn Kop, the occupations of Johannesberg and the engagement at Diamond Hill. Lieutenant du Molin was also present at the engagements round Bethlehem and in the Caledon Valley, and at Keitef's Nek and the surrender of Boer forces at Golden Gate August 1st, 1900. He also took part in the operations around round Thaba N'chu, Winburg, and LIndley, and in the engagements at Bothaville and Ventersburg. At one period of the war he was in command of a column and was mentioned in despatahces [London Gazette July 9th and September 10th, 1901] was promoted lieutenant-colonel and granted the medal with four clasps for his good services. 

Further, the internal layout of particular battalions was irrelevant for any battle larger than brigade on brigade, which virtually all Napoleonic battles were. There is no other sane means to do it. 

Through the transformation of warfare and armies the Italians have retained the custom of "naming" the units which are, structurally, the largest homogenous size. This has varied over "Acqui"'s assorted revivals between regiment, battalion, division, to the current brigade structure that matches current NATO unit philosophy. 

The collar badge specifically appears to be that of the Italian 17th Infantry "Acqui" Motorized Brigade. 

Both the Mongol cavalry itself, and their style of warfare, was intended to minimize this exhaustion for their own troops, and maximize it for their opponents. Once the European knights were hors du combat from exhaustion, the Mongols closed in for the kill against the immobile infantry, while harassing the knights just sufficiently to prevent them from recuperating. The additional exertion would always lead to a higher rate of breakdown for men, horses and equipment; but for trained and well-supplied forces this was not overwhelming. Of much greater import to a commander was to minimize, over the entire length of a campaign, the amount of time that his force had to march through the heat of the hot summer afternoons, rather than to worry about a couple of days here and there of forced marching. Update: Whether from bullet or shrapnel, a helmet alone provides little cover (protective or not) for a soldier standing in the middle of an open field, while providing significant cover for a man prone, entrenched, or behind hard cover. 

How does one properly select artillery crew then? One takes the largest 1/3 or 1/4 of the available men, and then takes the smartest 1/3 or 1/4 of those. 

So frankly, any ruler who tried to form an artillery corps from other than brawny brainy soldiers would have quickly been proven unfit to rule by his peers, and have even more promptly disappeared from history. Artillery comprises large, heavy engines throwing large, heavy missiles. Size is important in an artillery crew because a larger man can perform the same tasks of loading and aiming the engine faster, and longer without fatigue, than a smaller man. These are plain physical attributes of the technology being discussed. I found this complete History of U.S. Army Grade Insignia through 1866. I note that the early adoption of silver jewelry resulted in a high contrast when worn over gold epaulettes. Also, as late as 1866 Second Lieutenants wore no insignia jewel while First Lieutenants and Captains wore a silver jewel with high contrast against the gold braid. This is completely consistent with the note in Wikipedia that I quoted above. 

Awaiting other orders of Your Highness, I am … . In the French Army of Napoleon size was not the critical qualifier for being a grenadier - experience and bravery was. Certainly diminutive size would disqualify a soldier from being eligible for the grenadier company of his battalion (but in turn making him eligible for the voltigeur company), but average size was sufficient (and a moustache was de rigeur). 

Artillery propels missiles on a ballistic arc; a parabola if you will, though in the strictest sense that is not quite accurate. In order to be effective the missile must hit a target at a given distance, and thus it is necessary to calculate a launch angle that will result in the missile's arc intersecting the target's motion, at a moment in time when the target is occupying said location. This truly is the rocket science of the pre-calculus era. It must be calculated correctly, quickly, and under all the stresses of being in a dire life-and-death situation; battle. Yes, one smart small man can coordinate the efforts of a team of larger men; until that smaller man becomes a casualty. If one wants a reliable and robust artillery corps, every man on every crew must be capable of stepping up to the next most complicated role, at some reasonable level of efficiency; and then be able to step again at some level of efficiency. Update: Note that the battles of Legnica and Mohi were fought with home field for the Europeans, in early spring (April 9 and 11, 1241) when all the disadvantage of fighting in the hot summer sun in full armour was negated. The campaign began with the forcing of the Verecke Pass in the Carpathians into the Hungarian Plain, about as unfriendly terrain for mounted steppe archers as one can find, and the utter destruction of the defenders under Denis Tomaj. 

The true French battle formation in the Napoleonic Wars was skirmish order, and it is with its disciplined artillery and hordes of skirmishers that the French pummelled the lines of Austrian, Prussian and Russian troops for 20 years, softening them up for a hammer blow by reserve infantry and heavy cavalry that would punch a hole through the lines and unleash a torrent of pursuit by the likes of LaSalle and Montbrun. It is noteworthy that the only other nation to train and deploy skirmishers in similar quantity and quality to the French was the British under Wellington.