I would like to say to the OP that I hope you have a little better understanding of starting hands in Omaha compared to starting hands in Holdem, but I am the OP and that would be strange. 

If a holdem player is aware of outs they may consider playing either of these two hands in a mathematical context, that may go something like I have this many cards to make two pair, this many to make a straight, so many to make a flush, add those all up, and say to themselves that I have 18% chance of winning this pot, add a little EV for position and maybe even a little more EV because calling station Joe has called. In Omaha the holdem player might go through this and speculate that one hand has EV of 18% and the other hand has EV of 22% so they will give the EV of the Omaha hand 20%, and be the fifth limper in. 

It exists in a form. Not selected hands but every hand from a few selected players, whom they could find that would let them record their hands and play. I was there and met Tom Simms and Andy Bloch. (This Andy Bloch died of a heart attack I believe around 2000 and is not the same Andy Bloch current pro poker player) 

A really great hand in Omaha high, much less great in eight or better is A-A-K-K. In holdem, any AA,KK,AK hand has a very high likelihood of success. These are all rank one hands in every holdem ranking table. Hard to play them bad, even harder for any player to think they may have played them badly when they won with them. All you really do when you play these hands is think about maximizing the pot size until you have reason to believe that may not be wise. 

From Tom Simms Personal Website 

There is lots of information about Omaha starting hands in books and online. Bob Caiffone wrote the Omaha bible and that is were you should start. Starting hands are generally good if they start as wrap arounds or pairs with kickers that wrap near the pairs. Suits marginally improve the hand, if your a strong player. Large suits improve the hand. A hand like 8,9,10,J has more outs then a hand like AAKK. Two pair or OK, much better if the pairs connect to each other, a little better if they are suited. But the real conversation about what makes a starting is about what makes that hand work (or fail) on the flop. 

In Omaha the flop is were your hand becomes! That subject is complex and deep. Way beyond the scope of the question. But this complexity is directly related to ones starting hand, making that a large part of the discussion. In a very basic way many starting hands are a lot more trouble after the flop in Omaha then they are in Texas Holdem. Counting your outs after the flop in holdem is a reasonably accurate way to assess the value of your hand, in Omaha it is only a small part of assessing the value of your hand. You determine the value of an Omaha hand according to its type rather than according to its rank.