Common games in the NFL tie breaking rules are games that teams have with common opponents. For example, let's say that Team A and Team B are tied and are both in the running for a wildcard spot in the playoffs. Looking at each of their 16-game schedules, they have each played Teams C, D, E, and F at some point during the season. These are the common games. Team A beat teams C and D, but lost to E and F, for a common games record of 2-2. Team B beat D, but lost to C, E, and F, giving them a record of 1-3. Team A wins the tie breaker and goes into the playoffs, and team B is finished. It depends how closely you want to define "home." Section 7, Article 1 (Criterion for Reversal): 

These stats only include teams that are currently in the NFL. However, in the early years of the NFL, there were lots of teams that no longer exist, many of whom ended their NFL franchise with a lower percentage than the Buccaneers currently hold. 1934 was the year that the Portsmouth Spartans moved to Detroit and became the Detroit Lions. Since the sweater is blue and silver, which are the Lions' colors, I believe that the sweater commemorates the first year of the Detroit Lions. Until 2002, the Super Bowl was always played in January, and the Winter Olympics almost always begins in February. Now that the Super Bowl is played in February, the events are closer. Since 2002, the Winter Olympic Opening Ceremonies has been scheduled for a Friday, and the Super Bowl is always scheduled for Sunday. In addition, since both the Super Bowl and the Olympic Opening Ceremonies are worldwide television events, it is unlikely that they would ever schedule both events for the same day. That having been said, sometimes, especially in basketball, there is something else going on. Again, as with football, if a basketball player truly cannot get up off the floor on their own, they are not well enough to continue to play the game. Unfortunately, you sometimes see an element of theatrics in basketball. The player is trying to show that they have been fouled, and so they act hurt. They'll wave for help to try to draw sympathy, and then they will slam dunk the next ball they get. Basketball doesn't seem to have the "iron-man," "shake-it-off," "tough guy" culture that football has. This year (2017), the NFL has made a rule change again; this time, it has relaxed the excessive celebration rules. Players are now once again allowed to use the football as a prop, to celebrate on the ground, and to engage in group demonstrations. Offensive or prolonged celebrations, or demonstrations directed at an opponent, are still against the rules and will result in a penalty. 

Today, LA is used as a threat by NFL teams seeking new stadiums. The Buffalo Bills are one of the latest teams to consider LA. Tim Graham, writing for the Buffalo News, wrote an article outlining reasons why he thinks that the time is not right for an NFL team in LA. Among these reasons are an unfavorable business climate in California and a lack of public enthusiasm in funding a new stadium. But that got me wondering: Which happens more often: a kickoff return for a touchdown, or a punt return for a touchdown? And why? I don't think this would ever happen at the major college or NFL level because coaches and teams may face harsh harsh penalties/suspensions. They have the same level of rules which generally allows referees to make the decisions upon discretion. This is a two-sided sword since a referee that ever made this decision would also be under as much scrutiny. Second NFL teams rely on being able to pick up players when theirs get hurt. A lot of times the player is on another team's practice squad. If teams had minor league systems they would own practice squad players. You could say that well a team should have backups on its minor league team... Well if 4 offensive guards go down, what if a team doesn't have enough? There could be situations where a team could get a practice squad player from another team at the guard position and he is the best guard not on a roster in the NFL, but if that team had a minor league system their guard might be the 500th best not on a roster... No answer for this but this would have to be greatly changed. 

if the QB is having a hard time reading the coverage the slot guy will often motion to produce a trips or quad situation. By having a bunch of trips or quads on a side you are forcing a team to shell into some sort of man concept most of the time. I have had offers to play in an older version of arena football and that included a per diem and $250 a game. I am not sure most current arena league players get paid more than 20-30K a year if that. So the choice was easy for me, stay at my tech job. So right away to get a higher quality player the league will have to be able to pay players something more than minimum wage. Also note that since almost all good players will opt to go to college right now (this could change) for football experience, that your player pool is 22-30 year old. If I was 19 and was offered an arena league spot I would have taken a pack of gum. At 24 with a real job there are ramifications to quit your job (to make practices) to make almost nothing. Baseball and hockey have a lot of teens and very early 20s in their pool. While football might have these ages too, the best out of this group will play at Alabama or Ohio St.