Being able to interact productively with others by using effective statements can still be considered knowledge. It is not 'justified true belief' but it is 'memory with effective power'. (The former standard fails anyway. To the degree you know steps to a dance, or when to say the pledge of allegiance, or you know the 'effable' names of various people's cats, you have knowledge. And those are the latter, but not the former.) But each discipline is actually made up of sub-disciplines, and each of those has definite periods of its own, where its relationship to the larger theories of its embracing discipline can be in a posture which is 'prescientific' (Whatever we are doing works, so it must fit with their work, but we don't really care how the two harmonize, because we are happy for now), 'revolutionary' (Their theories challenge our groundwork, and we create a succession of bridges to or walls around our work) or 'normal' (We leave off developing our own internal theories and solve specific gaps between our sub-domain and the larger theory). The leftover 'halves' are generally not genuinely traditionally pagan either. They are instead the altered versions of paganism trapped within Hermeticism as it tried to allow for the genuine paganism embedded in Plato, Aristotle and the other early Greek and Roman philosophers of various schools. The particular paradoxes that you want to tie up together do seem to share an aspect from a given logical point of view. In Wittgenstein's own development, he moves on from the picture theory to an interpretation in terms of 'games' which capture actions and motives. How about a clearer answer from inside biology? Nietzsche would like to have gone from there back toward Plato, as he pulled back from the over-sophistication of Schopenhauer and his ilk in general. But he saw how powerful forms of happiness can lead us to become less human. Contentment can lead one to become a slave to a master or to a 'herd'. Satisfied lust can draw one into a limited and constricting master role from which only evil derives. Both are happiness, nonetheless. Modern philosophy maintains this basic thread in Nietzsche and Sartre, who both preach a basic form of authenticity as a primary basis for ethics. As Nietzsche frames it, acting on utilitarian motives alone is itself weak and cowardly, and ignores an obligation to 'make art of one's Self'. If you do not look behind them often enough, you are an automaton governed by your social context.