I had written an answer to a similar question on another site, which I am copying (with slight modification) below: 

It's always nice to know that there were no pig carcasses involved in the production of your water, but I would call the certification overkill in this case. 

But even then, avoiding doubtful matters is still preferable. 

How unbelievable and fantastical it may appear is irrelevant. Belief in al-Ghaib includes believing in things that are otherwise unexplainable by science or observation. 

The best one can do would be to apply the advice presented in the hadith of God's pasture: by only narrating those stories which are clearly permissible (such as those in the Qur'an, those authentically narrated by the prophet, or those from the children of Israel) and avoiding all others, one can be sure they're not transgressing God's own limits, even if by accident. 

The basic rulings of dhabihah would still need to be adhered to, particularly (but not limited to) that the animal does not die by bludgeoning or strangling, and the blood would still need to be removed. Ergo, your weapon should be one which kills by piercing or cutting the animal (which would cause blood to flow); even if you say bismillah over a bludgeoning weapon before striking, any animal that dies therefrom would not be halal. 

You fail to understand the motive behind condemning musical instruments in Islam. The motive is nothing but the music alone. It is just like liquor which is banned due to its intoxicating nature. 

So, If you did eat it unknowingly, you just have to repent before Allah and promise him that you will try maximum not to commit it again, even accidentally, and also seek His guidance and help. 

But still, we muslims agree that we give more emphasis to the two aspects 'allowed' or 'prohibited' even for small things. The reason is the fear of getting astray through minor sins. 

It is not only muslims, people of every religion give emphasis to halaal and haraam. 

There is no religion on this world without these two key aspects. Not only religions, the law of every country/place is based on these. 

Halaal is just an Arabic word for what is lawful and encouraged. Haraam is just an Arabic word for what is sinful and prohibited. As pointed out, these two are just the extremities. A lot of categories and subcategories come between these two (read this and this).