This does not do away with the reference to utility entirely. But it makes it a secondary consideration under the principle of fairness, and it so outweighs measured utility that it shortcuts the computation completely in a lot of cases. But the opposite extreme argument, that violence is unnecessary and can be done away with, which is what you presumably want help defending, is also flawed: Most of us simply are not strong. So this is in some sense the normal state. Those in power make many decisions that help some and hurt some. Those with grievances against them are many and often not among the strong. So revenge is often aimed 'upward'. And it cannot be taken, individually, because those who wish for it are not powerful enough to get away with it. To accept it as an ordinary thing that should happen hugely disadvantages those who are already disadvantaged in other ways. Perhaps it would burden them so much that the things we need for them to do never get done. By shifting the duty to protect us up to some idealized proxy Father in the Sky or the Statehouse, we have not eliminated the violence involved, or even reduced it. We have simply concentrated it, and we either encourage specialization in violence, which encourages abuse, or we force a greater duty upon the unwilling. In this context, I think the quote about monsters indicates there are aesthetic choices that we should restrain ourselves from making even though they would be effective. We should choose scale, elegance and consistency. If others' use of power lacks art, we should not simply confront them with more power, if that involves less art. We should restrain ourselves. The dog has been brought into that contract in another way -- its existence is due to our choice. The entire species would not exist, had we not adopted it as our own set of personal servants. (We have evidence that even the most peaceful, primitive, vegetarian societies did so, keeping them as sanitary agents -- garbage disposals and walking napkins). Likewise, the cows people eat would not exist if we had not fostered them, and we feel entitled to determine what purpose they should serve. For instance: It provides U.S. society very little added utility to arrange its social institutions around the possibility of people being gay. And there is a lot of utility to spend in making those arrangements. Betrayal of an agreement made in good faith is not universalizable. None of us would accept living in so chaotic a world that no contract could be made that holds weight. So if you unconditionally accept the state as well-motivated, obeying the law becomes a primary concern. The virtue of humility is not despicable because of what it is, it is despicable because it really is never what it claims to be. It is really a move in a competition to be a 'better person' than others, to more thoroughly support the common good over one's individual good because his sense of his own value is reflected in common social interests, rather than in natural ones. Getting correct information from other people is such an example. Nor is it a trivial example. Much of the functional failure in our society is about ineffective communication. And much of that failure to communicate is based in fear. But it is much more a part of corruption to hold and manipulate debts than to release them. Debts are more often paid off by the wealthy and held over the poor as threats. So it decreases the power of the corrupt if history is not allowed to accumulate over time. One problem that enters into this situation that does not apply to the case of human drivers, and that may hold this process up for some time is the diffusion of what is now individual responsibility into the corporate domain. This is a general problem with the deployment of artificial intelligence, and we will face many versions of it soon. But so far, the problem has always been mapped back onto humans. In the case of an autonomous vehicle, this would be quite difficult. (Obviously, I don't personally accept this psychopathic, war-of-all-upon-all worldview. But it is part of the general argument for violence, so it is a better frame for an argument toward contradiction.) Still, we would never have discovered that, if our thinking were primarily utilitarian by nature. Each cave-man would think (rightly) that he was best off keeping his own kill and defending his own cave, or maybe stealing what he needed. Instead, he looked at the things happening to others, saw that he was not so special, and agreed that it would be better if none of the worst ones were allowed.