http://www.instructables.com/id/Lubricating-a-Bicycle-Chain-using-Paraffin/ If you poke around on the web enough, you'll find a "magical" gear ratio calculator somewhere. You input the length from BB to dropout and it spits out the front/back combos that will work w/o a tensioner. You can often get away with not replacing the chainrings when you replace a worn cassette, but if you really run it into the ground, you may have to replace at least the smaller chainring as well. In particular, the smallest rings on a triple can be quickly destroyed in just a few days of riding with a worn chain. It would be much simpler to change the front chainring, if you can find a magical combo that matches what you want for a gear. There are also "half links" available that allow you to tweak the chain by less than a full 1 inch link pair. One of my bikes has had the same cassette since at least 2006, that cassette has over 10K km on it and it shifts like brand new with almost no signs of wear. I'd guess it's been through somewhere around 15 chains. I replace my chains as soon as they show any wear with the Park CC-2 chain gauge. ( New chains generally read 0.5, I replace them at 0.75) http://eehouse.org/fixin/fixmeup.php Salt water will pretty much destroy every part of a bicycle, washing with fresh water every day might be your best investment in keeping the bikes running as long as possible. The wax method helps there as it is very resistant to washing out. Every measuring tool takes some practice and skill to get accurate measurements. If you are using standard low end cassettes than you can get for $50, this kind of care may not be worth it. However, I have a custom cassette (14-30) that I cobbled together Sheldon Brown style, this would be relatively expensive and difficult to replace. Every new 9 spd chain I have bought came out of the box with 0.5% wear according to the Park CC2 chain checker. I replace my chains when they start to show any wear (i.e. 0.75 %), because chains are cheap and the rest of the drive train is not. FWIW, a single speed bike means your almost always in the "wrong" gear. Any change you make will only change when you're in the wrong gear, not the amount of time you spend in the wrong gear. If you're not happy being in the wrong gear, just buy a derailler and a shifter. In the case of chains, what you really care about is the difference between new and worn. Whatever tool you are using, measure the chain when it's new and replace it when it starts to show signs of wear. This is why I use the CC2 model, because it's easy to see the difference between new and worn long before it's worn enough to affect the cassette. Speculation Warning This is of course rampant speculation, as I have no pictures to go off of, but is the only logical mechanism that comes to mind. (And it is something I have actually done and can verify can happen!) Your high CC-2 reading likely relates to how much pressure are applying. The CC-2 device is not particularly solid and its readings are sensitive to how much pressure you apply to the pivoting gauge. Solvents are expensive and potentially harmful to the environment so I reuse my solvents, but moving them down the chain. I use about 6-7 sequential baths (4 mineral spirits, 3 alcohol). Tedious! Afterwards solvents will need to be disposed/recycled at the proper facilities- not down the drain!!! The XT chain was run on a gravel bike and was in dusty conditions for most of the time. The ultegra chain was run in clean road conditions and the Tiagra on dirt (similar to the XT). More recent XT chains (not displayed) seem to have the same initial reading as the Ultegra chain so I may have lucked out with the XT chain in the plot. This was typically a problem with bikes that had triple crankset. To move to 2x and 1x has made this largely an issue of the past. I have never personally had access to OEM (equipment purchased by bicycle manufacturers) so I cannot confirm whether or not this is how the chains come. Either way, the forum thread suggests assembling with these short pins can be difficult (other answers discuss how to do this). You may wish to purchase a connector pin as this is how Shimano intends home mechanics to assemble chains.