(1) He is a sea-captain. (2) Therefore, he should do whatever a sea-captain should do. There is no substantive ethical theory implemented in the US constitution. By 'substantive ethical theory' I mean a theory that says "an act is good if and only if . . . " 

(2) clearly follows from (1), and yet (1) is a descriptive claim, and (2) a normative one. The reason social contract theory is not supposed to endorse substantive views about the good is that it's supposed to be relying upon self-interest. You're reason for wanting not to persecute heretics is that you don't want to get persecuted yourself, not because you think there is some deep moral code against doing so. Alasdair MacIntyre is a famous critic of rights. See his book "After Virtue": Given this, isn't the reasonable thing to do simply to let everybody have whatever substantive moral theory they like, but not let any one of those theories become the basis of law? Is it about the entirely arbitrary acts of a man, and he himself gives them meaning, or none at all, if he choses to or not? 

Then an aesthetic of alterity, should be, it seems revelatory of a moment of alterity, as an other recognised; but not as exotica, if one is to align with Levinas's ethics of alterity. and Yeats recognised the validity of Nietzsches diagnosis that filled him with forboding, as he wrote in the second coming 

Given, that we know of no aliens; its an absurd fallacy to declare that aliens will be pure rational beings. Looking around the this world given how the life-sphere (I mean animals as well humans) is dominated by the emotional, passionate & irrational as well as reason. As this is the only grounds from which we can concieve of aliens - its likely that they will have both these drives - reason & emotion. 

I don't have a good answer for you; but taking account Levinas's notion of the face: 

One notices a threefold expansion of the transitoriness or impermanence from life, to society to the world. One of the principal practices is to control dukkha. 

This sets it of from Nobleness which is a species of Beauty. He expands: 

He states, in his essay, Notes on Conceptualism that 

Which neither absolves him, nor the regime; but posits the question - how can a man not think? Or another - what is it within a man, or without - that stops him from thinking? And more - what are the conditions that enables or disables this suffocation of spirit? 

Look at Rawls as the best expression of the kind of ethos implicit in the American legal system as it has developed over the last century. Not only do we not need substantive views about the nature of moral goodness, encoding those in law would be positively harmful, since it would license certain kinds of discrimination, such as wracked Europe during the wars on religion. 

(1) He is a sea-captain. (2) Therefore, he should do whatever a sea-captain should do. Given this, isn't the reasonable thing to do simply to let everybody have whatever substantive moral theory they like, but not let any one of those theories become the basis of law? 

There is no substantive ethical theory implemented in the US constitution. By 'substantive ethical theory' I mean a theory that says "an act is good if and only if . . . " 

The reason social contract theory is not supposed to endorse substantive views about the good is that it's supposed to be relying upon self-interest. You're reason for wanting not to persecute heretics is that you don't want to get persecuted yourself, not because you think there is some deep moral code against doing so. 

Alasdair MacIntyre is a famous critic of rights. See his book "After Virtue": To evaluate the cogency of MacIntyre's claim goes beyond what can be done in an SE answer--you'd need to read his account of those attempts and decide for yourself whether his negative evaluation is warranted. edit: also generally marxist theorists are critical of human rights discourse, seeing it as a bourgeois ruse to deny equality to the proletariat. The best reason for asserting so bluntly that there are no such rights is indeed of precisely the same type as the best reason we have for asserting that there are no witches and the best reason we have for asserting that there are no unicorns: every attempt to believe that there are such rights has failed. (p. 69)