When Jesus told the parable of the Good Samaritan, for example, he pretty clearly identifies it as such. Now, I've driven through the West Bank up from Jericho to Jerusalem, and along the way, you can pass the "Inn of the Good Samaritan." Some people will say that is in fact a real event in history. This is an extreme form of literalism which negates the possibility of Jesus using metaphor- a stance mostly restricted to ultra-conservatives. There are several lessons to be drawn from this genealogy. One of my personal favorites is the four women mentioned: Tamar, Rahab, Ruth, and Mary. Each of these women's stories is mentioned in Scripture, and each has a less than stellar reputation. Beat him = by persuading him to sin The Samaritan = is said to mean ‘Guardian,’ and therefore means Christ himself Genesis 1 -11, parts of Daniel, Zechariah, and Revelation are special cases, in that scholars often disagree as to whether or not these were meant to be understood as history or legend. Along these lines, Job appears in the section of the Old Testament called the "Ketuvi'im" or "Writings" alongside Psalms, Proverbs, and Ecclesiastes. It may be that the original author intended this as a story all along, or it could be real, or it could be "historical fiction." As there is no title page on the book of Job, it could be analagous to finding one of Shakespeare's plays - and that could mean anything from Henry V to Romeo and Juliet. Imagine if you had no historical reference to figure it out. Likewise, Daniel is not billed as historical (it's in the Nevi'im), and yet it has more historical detail in certain points than many textbooks. This is sheer gloating on the part of the psalmist. Whoever overthrows Babylon is someone the author wants to buy a beer! (Put another way, that person is someone really popular with the author.) Whoever wrote this really hated the Babylonians, and would love to kill their children. For a person who doesn't believe the Bible is a "real" book, this verse is actually a pretty good arguement. If the Bible were merely the work of "men with an agenda," there doesn't seem to be a good reason to let such a genuine feeling in here. Parables and other stories identified as such: Augustine would also do allegorical interpretations, such as the following: Now, it would be an error to say there are no doctrinal differences - Methodists are Arminian (meaning they believe that a person must choose to be saved) whereas Presbyeterians are Calvinstic (and believe that God already elected those whom He presdestined to saved.) Alternatively, Baptists would say that the communion elements are strictly symbolic, whereas a Lutheran might argue consubstantiation or transubstantion- but candidly, these are all minor issues for most modern day Protestants. When compared to "You are going to hell if you aren't saved by Jesus Christ," these things appear to most Protestants as minor points of mechanism - not life and death issues. Prehistorical / Other more figurative: can have radically different interpretations. Is a student-led prayer coercion? Or is stopping that valedictorian prohibiting his free exercise thereof? What about people who think that drugs are part of a spiritual experience? That's why we have a Court - to officially interpret what those words mean - in the same way you have a Pope. That said, we also have people with strong opinions that guide that decision making. Is a Court less messy than the alternative? Sure. But last time I checked, nobody thought they were infalliable. At the most radical end of the spectrum, Mennonites, Baptists, and other Anabaptists believe there is authority ceded to any priest beyond that which the local congregation gives it. As such, they have no bishops or eccelesicatical authority - Baptists have "conventions" i.e. meetings were churches will voluntary associate, but that's it. Indeed even the famous "Southern Baptist Convention" only technically exists for three days year. If these groups want to hire or fire a pastor, for example, they place an ad in the paper to get a new one.