His take on human motivation was that we are all tricked into doing too much for our own comfort, and we should do what undermines this habit. He chose to sleep outdoors, to wear the same thing all the time, and to busk for food as a 'performance artist'. 

I would suggest that time is the accumulation of entropy, but that entropy increases only because memory is an exothermic chemical process. So time exists, even the time before the advent of mechanisms of memory, only because those mechanisms did eventually come to exist. Ignoring the fact that our human logic requires all those conflicting tenses, the summary is "Memory is the cause, not the effect, of the second law of thermodynamics". 

I cannot explain the rush of adrenalin to you, for instance, unless you have experienced enough similar events to form a frame of reference. Most of us have that experience from infancy, but some odd people, say a narcoleptic who blacks out when the rest of us would get an adrenalin rush, just will not ever understand its significance. 

On that basis the theory breaks emotion into an objective physiological component (the feeling as felt) and a component of subjective labeling (belief about the feeling, which is shaped to fit together with beliefs of all other sorts.) So the emotional experience has three aspects, information -- the brain processes the situation and prepares for action, reaction -- that initiates physiological changes, and identification -- meanwhile or afterward we label the feeling. 

Given the "neo-" part, it becomes ambiguous to what extent Neo-Pagan religious views are not so thoroughly shaped by modern philosophy, particularly post-modernist or psychoanalytic takes on various notions of mythology and symbolism, that there is nothing more to say in response. You can have your argument directly with the academic proponents of those positions, and those academics are going to be more willing to answer you. 

The complexities of relativity and its relevance to cosmology suggest we actually inhabit some physical system in which space and time proceed from some regularity configured wholly otherwise from our notions of them. But we know our lives proceed in a given way, and we extrapolate that notion of 'proceeding' out into reality and use it as a universal way of organizing the information around us. 

And you can surely find evidence that we share mental content in a more pedestrian way in modern interpretations of psychoanalytic intersubjectivity in therapeutic and other contexts. Kurt Lewin models mental space as "field", with the same sort of action-at-a-distance common to other field theories, and this perspective pays off in the understanding of group and other political action. 

And this is not gone from modern religion. 

Other traditions very early roots are also often directly contrary to 'Utility' as a motivation. For instance seeing through the confusion the world presents is one of the earliest principles of Indian philosophy, and it very early also turns in a skeptical, ascetic direction like Cynicism. 

(I am going to pretend as far as possible that this is a philosophy question, while at the same time voting to close because it isn't. This is what I generally do for such things.) 

The argument that sold me, which I have never seen anywhere in print, is this: Mathematics is the oldest branch of psychology. What we study in mathematics is not some other world. It is the process of abstraction, as it has evolved in human beings. Which sets of rules are minimal, and which minimal rules fit together in constructive ways are psychological facts, not natural ones. Rules don't exist outside of minds. 

Infinity makes this situation worse, netting us various ethical problems which involve multiple lives and attempts to compare different losses of life, which basically challenges our intuition to come up with consistent extra rules to order ratios of infinities. And the Axiom of Choice, which is equivalent to this notion that order is either there or not, via Zorn's Lemma, leads straight into the Banach-Tarski paradox about measurability, size and the nature of solidity. 

From what I understand of Leo Strauss position on Nietzsche, he thought that Nietzsche had to be an outright nihilist by assuming that he did not accept myth as a form of truth. This is much the same thing I see critical theorists doing, but he is using the remnants of an abstract Platonism that he himself rejects, to undermine the sense of realism in myth.