First, what percent of shots hit the crossbar in the NHL? And is it higher than would be expected? But is the "distance covered" metric measured this way actually analogous to running? Is 8 miles on the soccer pitch equivalent to some greater distance on a racetrack? What's the conversion rate for "distance covered" in soccer vs. running? How much more or less calorically expensive is soccer than running? How much more calories does football (soccer) burn per mile compared to running? Is it considerably more exhausting than running for 90 min straight at 5.33 mph? It seems like a lot of shots hit the crossbar in hockey. Is this just my mind playing tricks on me, or do more shots hit the crossbar than might be expected for a bar a few inches wide set above a goalie's shoulders. The "expected" rate, I'd imagine, is the same rate as any other space on goal of equal size to the crossbar. All I have found so far is the "Statcast Leaderboard", which shows, e.g. the longest or fastest home runs of the season (or postseason) to date. But presumably the leaderboard data will eventually be replaced with next season's data. Even during a season, a particular home run might "fall off" the leaderboard. So if I refer to that particular home run in my paper, readers may eventually not be able to find the data to verify it, unless I can give a link to some permanent home for the data. Is there such a "permanent home" for this data, provided either by MLB or someone else? Major League Baseball has begun collecting a set of physics data under the name "Statcast", including such information as the exit velocity of notable home runs. I would like to know if this data is permanently archived somewhere, so that I can give stable references to it (e.g. in a paper). It seems like a lot of shots hit the crossbar in hockey. Is this just my mind playing tricks on me, or do more shots hit the crossbar than might be expected for a bar a few inches wide set above a goalie's shoulders. The "expected" rate, I'd imagine, is the same rate as any other space on goal of equal size to the crossbar. Michael Bradley of the US team leads all athletes in "distance covered" during the group stage of the 2014 World Cup with 38 km (23.6 mi) in 270 minutes of play. That's about 8 mi per game (90 min), for an average speed of 5.33 mph. How much more or less calorically expensive is soccer than running? I would think yes, considering Bradley and other players are in fact sprinting and resting (more tiring, I think, than medium-distance jogging), plus constantly shifting directions, which I assume requires more calories than running straight ahead (citation needed).