Some best detective and strategy (Chessmaster trope warning! TV Tropes link!) novels have absolutely zero coincidence. They are duels of wits, a game with firm rules and moves chosen as optimal. Contingencies, backup plans, backups of backup plans, foreseeing the next move of the opponent or even manipulating them into making it - a perfectly deterministic setup with zero randomness. 

Let me give you another example of these. The game called "Summoner" creates one huge twist. 

Of course a complication may turn into a plot twist (Ralph's wife was infected by government agents because she "knew too much", the story becomes a story of revenge), a plot twist may turn a situation into complication and vice versa, a complication may become a plot twist (suddenly the oppressive government finds Ralph's wife's case to be a viable PR stunt, giving her medication not normally available to common citizens), and so on. As stated before, the borders may be blurred, and it's merely an attempt to qualify elements of prose, something that isn't easily qualified... 

The demons ravage the world, conquering both nations. And Joseph, and his ragtag team must oppose the foe against which apparently there's no power that could oppose them. Still, a new plan is forged, involving restoring Joseph's lost hand, and facing the enemies after mastering his powers. 

If you compare your painstakingly, precisely built mystery to a house of cards, placing the last card on top of the house of cards is quite satisfying, but crashing a transatlantic cruise ship into it might be more entertaining. 

Now, these were situation vs twist. Let us add complication to the set. The complication is the enemy army. It exists as a side thread that adds to the complexity. At one point Joseph faces the king. The king realizes severity of the situation but can't offer Joseph any major help. The quote would go along the lines "If it were a different day, I'd offer a unit of finest soldiers to your case. But with war looming over our borders, I can only spare this one soldier" [who joins your ragtag team]. The situation is the threat of demons and need to find rings. The complication is the looming war. It's not the central plot point, but it affects a lot. Prices and supply change rapidly. Trust is in short supply as enemy spies roam the realm. It creates minor twists, as villages that would welcome you peacefully, conquered, become a battlefield. It changes the game, but in a manner you can expect. A complication is a mutation of a situation, something that makes it less straightforward, requires additional measures, add difficulties. In your example, let us imagine Ralph suffers crippling memories of his prior, lost love, that keep him from acting rationally. Or he lives under repressive totalitarian government, that makes access to medicine difficult, and forces actions of dubious legality in his hopeless struggle. These would be complications. Ralph's wife's request for writing the will is not central to the plot. It affects Ralph, but it will not change the outcome. It's a point to deal with, but it's the sickness that's central to the plot; the request may be heart-wrenching, but it is meaningless in the long run. 

You can switch "fast forward" on by changing the format to that of a journal, a diary, a logbook. I covered three months of space flight under hibernation with a computer log. I covered thirty years of political developments with press headers. 

Instead of jumping with the storyline, use retrospection and prediction; instead of saying "30 years later" on beginning of next chapter, write "'...and that happened roughly 30 years ago,' said the protagonist closing the photo album. 'And now that leaves up with today's situation...'" 

Now a twist would be if a cure for Ralph's wife is discovered. It may be readily available, or it may require a major challenge to obtain. It changes the game though - from waiting for the inevitable and a combat lost before it started, to a game that offers a chance of victory. 

You can switch to even higher gear by shifting the perspective to an eternal observer. A gargoyle on the roof. A sapling growing from a seed into a magnificent tree. A mountain carved by erosion. That way years or even millennia pass and the reader isn't alienated. 

Here we have two considerably distinct situations placed apart by a plot twist. If you pay close attention to minor clues and discover that Jago is indeed acting on malevolent motives, the twist becomes a part of the first situation, a fool's run towards inevitable doom. Still, most players will miss the hints, and the twist comes as a total surprise. 

With best detective novels you are getting at first the complete set of clues and rules of the game, and then playing it optimally you can reach the conclusion and authoritatively guess the "murderer" less than halfway into the book. The other half gradually uncovers additional clues, which make the task increasingly easier, until you reach the conclusion - the solution of the puzzle, where our protagonist uncovers the guilty.