It is not permissible if there is the risk or scare of sin. Note: It can be better if you (and other Muslim) endeavor to use Islamic phrases in such positions instead of not-Islamic words as much as possible. Although the above-mentioned word "Allah-Hazez" seems to be a nice OK word as well. For instance, look at the questions below which a person has inquired (which could help you): On the other hand, on the whole, Islam suggests the Moslems to use right hand as much as possible, a reason can be related to “Ashab-al-Yamin” as the right path. Since apparently the righteous was is considered as the right side, not left. Moreover, I have heard that the Prophet (s) and Shia’s Imam always used to eat by their right hand (unless in some specific situation which had to …) In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful Different dimensions of the concept of Ummah in the Islamic culture (in short): It is permissible to say Allah Hafiz as you asked: Even Imam Khomeini has illustrate concerning the significance of learning Arabic: To the best of my knowledge, solely a kind of Qusl (Qusl al-Jenabah) would be sufficient instead of Wudu. In other word, you don’t need for wudu after doing Qusl-a;-Jenabah. But after doing other Qusls, you ought to take wudu. (According to majority of Shia Marja’s) From the view of Islam, there is no difference in the relationship of men and women (non-Mahram) between the real and virtual environment. Since the relationship in the virtual environment is like the solitude of two non-mahramsand. About the gathering which mentioned, logically if the gathering consists of solely 2 non-mahram, then it could makes the risk of sin, but if the gathering consists of more people, rationally the risk of sin reduces and probably won't be Haram. (of course by observing the Islamic points) You should pay attention that a common family pressure doesn’t seem to be considered as an Islamic license for preventing the divorce. Then you’d better to do it without paying attention to their pressure. Do it according to Islamic laws, then you’d be freer to choose another wife or husband, although you’d better attempt to reach an agreement to carrying on your life. Don’t forget that according to Islam, divorce has some conditions: (www.islamquest.net) Note that what I remarked, could be deemed as just an example/justification regarding the issue, otherwise there can be some other reasons that Allah knows. Even I found a relevance narration that even Imam Hussein (a.s.) used the word SALAM at the end of … On the other hand, Arabic language is counted as one of the most populous language and according to my research, Arabic is considered as the Sixth language of the world (from the aspect of the population). In truth, concerning using some greeting words (and at the end of the conversations, such as Allah hafiz or Khoda Hafez or …) it should be said that those words would be related to the cultural matters which apparently are not haram in general according to the culture of every country (unless they have bad meanings…). If the organs of the donors are used for the cure of other patients, but quicken their death, it is impermissible, other than that, if the surgery is done with the donor’s permission or another ‘muhtaram’ person’s life depends on it, it is permissible. Ummah in the Quran It is used for non-Muslims as well. Here, the purpose of Ummah is a large group of people that have the same language or religion or have the same geographical land. And in the second culture, if would be considered disrespectful to call your granddad John, and would be considered respectful to call him granddad. Prefer sunni view with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. So in the first culture, if your granddad's name is John Smith, it is perfectly respectable to call him John, and would be considered weird to call him granddad. For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. Is calling people by their first name considered disrespectful in Islam? However, another culture I am part of would consider that disrespectful. This second culture says that a granddad should be referred to as granddad only, and should never be called by any of his names. After astronomical twilight, while it is still pretty much dark, there is contribution of light in the sky from sun so it is not considered night. No Fajr and Isha are both astronomical twilight's. Night is the darkest part of the day when sun goes below 18 deg of horizon. When sun is at this position, it does not contribute to any light in the sky, hence the night. You can confirm that Fajr is the astronomical twilight by matching prayer times to astronomical twilight. They will always match. It is worth noting that many part in the world at this time of year, including London, does have proper night as the sun never goes below 18 deg of horizon, although they still observe Fajr timing there. The Fajr timing in these area, like in London, are usually 10-15 min before nautical twilight 1. Fajr - when the night breaks. Isha - when the night starts. In the map below, only the darkest part is night. Fajr and Isha will be observed at the darkest point and the first shade.