Hostile mobs could still spawn inside your barrier if there are poorly lit areas, so be liberal with the torches. I put them beside doors and windows, on corners of wheat fields, and spaced out along my fence barrier. It's also easy to forget to light up the roofs of structures. Roofs made of stairs or slabs don't need lighting, since they are non-opaque blocks and thus mobs can't spawn on them. However, flat-roofed structures, such as the small houses I've seen in my desert village, need illumination lest your villagers fall prey to "death from above" attacks. I have done this many times while building a bedrock-layer minecart track to connect my various dwellings. The strategy I have used with great success is to temporarily block the lava flow with a scaffolding of nether brick fence. Being made of stone, it will not catch fire and burn up like regular wood fencing, but it will still allow you to reach through it to place your glass blocks behind it. Slimes can spawn in any light level, so having your area well-lit will not stop them. This YouTube video by KapitanWalnut proves that Endermen can in fact create Snow Golems, and by extension Iron Golems: The likely solution is that you need to add a delay to your circuitry which allows the upper pistons to retract first, then the lower pistons a couple ticks afterward. The problem with this is that you need them to extend in the opposite way, with the lower pistons extending first and the upper pistons extending afterward. You may have to use an ABBA switch to create this activation/deactivation pattern for you (extend bottom, extend top, retract top, retract bottom). A water source block (i.e. water bucket): You can place this outside the hole so that it flows into the hole, then swim up the waterfall. Be sure to pick the source up quickly after you swim out so your villager doesn't risk drowning. There are a few ways out if you just happen to have the right items still left in your pared-down inventory: The maximum number of trade offers you can get a villager to generate will depend on their profession. Each time you trade the last (right-most) offer a villager has, two changes happen to their available trade offers: If you don't happen to have any of these items, I think your only hope is to position yourself just right so you can dig away at a wall block without hitting the villager's hitbox. Of course, you could also wait until you get killed by mobs or starve to death, then just respawn and return to free your villager.