Design a process (system and environment) that is most effective for people working together. Utilize soft skills effectively to manage people and create a work environment conducive to people working together. The best project managers are aware of and use both. 

FURTHER INFORMATION (Based on Mihai's request) Agile and related methodologies are a good example of no. 1. They are based on concepts from the Theory of Constraints and nearly a century of data on industrial engineering (see Deming). From these perspective, the data shows that people can accomplish specific tasks better under certain environments versus others. You can improve people's performance by changing process elements of the work environment. Speaking towards no. 2, good communication skills can create an environment where people are happy and productive, often despite the process elements. That is, even if the factory stinks, there can be a relatively happy and productive work environment with a good manager. To learn more, read about leadership and communication. 

They originally ordered their product vision as a full end to end process (no problem) then they boxed the various systems and sub-systems that a customer service representative must use to support a customer. They listed out the functionality that the customer service reps need (File Access, Information Update, Work Queues, Note Taking and 40+ others) and simply labelled these as epics. Ideally, the Product Owner should be continually ordering and prioritizing the backlog so that development team members can see the highest value stories at the top. If a situation arises where the team have more capacity then they can simply call a quick meeting, review the backlog and select the stories they feel are most appropriate for the Sprint taking account of the Product Owners prioritization. For this example we will use 3 x Full Time Resources coding for 7 hours per day for 8 days per sprint. A full day is devoted to planning and a full day to reviews and retrospectives.