In particular, someone becomes disqualified if they are: 5 countries: Other Five countries were coded as "other". In two cases I couldn't tell, because I couldn't find an English copy of the current constitution (Benin and the Ivory Coast). Two was excluded for not having an elected federal executive (Brunei and Comoros). One was excluded for not being a sovereign nation (Aruba). 

Notably, this doesn't mean they would have to be a citizen of Australia, they just can't be a citizen of anywhere else. This opens the door to a stateless Prime Minister of Australia, or perhaps someone who has renounced their citizenship in another country. 

The Constitution is silent on what it means to be "elected from" one of these territories. It does not lay down a citizenship requirement, opening the door to the possibility of a non-citizen of the correct ethnicity being elected to the Presidency. Constitutional Requirements Don't Prevent It The Constitutional requirements do not prevent this from happening. As stated in the question, the 20th amendment specifies when a President's term starts and ends: Croatia Croatia's constitution does not have any formal requirements for their chief executive, except being elected. 

Australia Article 44 of the Australian Constitution outlines the reasons a person may be disqualified from running for a federal legislative seat. The Prime Minister is selected from among elected legislators, so they are required to be meet those same conditions. 

The Oath and the Presidency To address some comments, taking the oath of office doesn't make someone President. A President-Elect could take the oath anytime they like, but the 20th amendment specifies when their term begins: immediately after the previous President's term ends. From the amendment (emphasis mine): 

Note: The Constitution mentions an elections law that will define more of the election system. It was available online, but offered no more clarification on this issue. 

A country in which one person or body holds all meaningful political power is called an autocracy. Usually people think of dictatorships or monarchies when they think of autocracies. 

A country in which the leader is selected by voting is called a democracy. A narrow usage of the word democracy means only that some important decisions are made through voting. In some usages, it may carry different assumptions (for example, Kant's view of democracy includes a strong protection of civil liberties). There are other examples from political theory also. I will update this answer as I review more constitutions. Countries which require citizenship to become the chief executive are colored red on the map; dark red countries require natural-born citizenship. Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia/Herzegovina has a kind of triumvirate: three Presidents each elected from a different territory and of a different ethnicity (see Article 5). The three Presidents are: Although these two dimensions are often thought to be related, they are not necessarily. Thomas Hobbes in "Leviathan" (one of the most famous books in social contract theory, which underlies much of democratic theory) an entire book to this subject. According to Hobbes, both elected rulers and conquerors have the same rights and restrictions. In both cases, the ruler and ruled did not enter into a contract - and so the ruler cannot be bound by anything (this synopsis lays out his argument in more detail).