Your seat should be level with the ground (not the top tube) or slightly pointed down. As for getting on an off the bike, practice will make it easier. If you've never been riding a properly fit bike then I would anticipate it feels odd. Your seat should be high enough that at the bottom of your pedal stroke your knee is slightly bent. If you're experiencing knee pain that doesn't go away after a few rides (to get used to the new setup) the general rule is to move your seat up if the pain is in the front of your knee and down if it's in the back of your knee. A proper bike fit is one of the best things to spend some money on with a bike. Just give it a bit of time as you get used to a bike setup properly. As for handlebars they should be at least 1 inch lower than your seat generally. The more flexible you are the lower you can go with comfort. To combat the boring factor I use podcasts, audiobooks, and movies. I also hide the clocks and set a timer where I can't see it so when it goes off I'm done. I've found not having the time visible makes it pass faster (watched pot never boils). The issues that everyone agrees on are that narrower tires have less weight, less aerodynamic drag, and less comfort than wider tires. Weight includes both the tire itself (about 100 g per tire to switch from 23mm to 28mm) and the larger tube to go with it (about 25 g per tube). That gives a total of about 250 g, which for acceleration is equivalent to about 500 g on the frame. Drag is harder to quantify, but a thinner tire is more aerodynamic than a wider tire. Comfort is also hard to quantify, but a wider tire and lower pressure are generally more comfortable. Ordinary prescription glasses are sufficient but suboptimal. Although I agree that the best answer is to get bike glasses with prescription lenses or contact lenses, waiting to get optimal eyewear is no reason to avoid using a road bike. I wear prescription glasses and have not yet budgeted for cycling glasses, but I have not had any major problems. I recently made a similar switch. I was riding a mountain bike, which I used for commuting, off-road trails, and road rides. I eventually found that I was only spending about 10% of my riding off-road. I considered switching to thin slick tires, but it was obvious to me that I also needed more hand placement options, a more aggressive riding position, a higher maximum gear, and lighter weight. In other words, I needed a road bike. When I sold my mountain bike and got a road bike, I instantly noticed a 2 to 5 kph speed improvement for the same effort.