Once it fits the bike and light bend the bottom of the flat so the corners are angled in to fit onto that bulge. It's a little tweak but it makes a surprising amount of difference. A reasonable sized roll will also let you lay out parts if you need somewhere less dirty than the floor. And it can be roughly rolled up with tools and parts loose inside it if you want to carry it a short distance, or just to make it less inviting to thieves. This is what a bike shop will do. You're probably looking at $40 or more for the bottom bracket and $20-$30 minutes of labour. Or buy the BB and borrow or buy the tools ($30-$40 off Amazon or eBay, more from your local bike shop). You may well find that the reason it's loose is that it won't screw back on, and possibly that the reason the bike was sold is that that renders it unrideable. Or, if it is a right hand thread, that they're so annoying to work on and relatively rare as a result, that the owner decided to give it up as a bad idea. You see them mostly today with sets of ring spanners, made of cheap plastic. But in the older days people would generally make them out of canvas, often double layer with oilskin/oiled cotton on the inner layer (before chrome plating meant most tools don't rust very easily). The extra material at the top of this pic lets you fold the "flap" down to stop tools falling out when it's packed up. Pure anecdata from my experiences. The Rohloff is substantially cheaper as well as more reliable. I don't know how long a Rohloff lasts because I haven't worn the first one out yet. There's my touring bike with the same Rohloff in it. Two large panniers, a backpack, 20kg of camera gear and assorted other stuff, all on that rear hub. I've probably done 10,000km like that. I'm thinking of buying 10 or more of the "S shaped" double ended 5mm/6mm allen keys because I expect I could get usable ones for about $2 each, and I'm willing to spend that to not have to worry about losing them. I expect that I could probably sell them rather than lending them at that price.