Plenty of people grow apart, and if he is unkind to her, she has the right to distance herself from him, or block him from her life. It would be kind if she did send him a short explanation so he will understand how he has offended her, and has the opportunity to learn that not everyone appreciates his communication methods. She seems to have common sense as well as kindness, so let her do so, but support her in side-stepping the drama that might potentially follow, i.e. support her in her setting of boundaries with this boy. Edited to add: It is possible that in therapy, you will have to address some of your parenting choices as well as your son's current behavior. A good therapist knows that family dynamics are critical here, and will facilitate your son having important, meaningful conversations with you if there really is a problem on your part(s) as parents. You do need to be prepared and be willing to hear what your son has to say. Real, lasting change often involves changing family dynamics as well as individual behavior. If he admits that he has cheated in the past, he needs help in learning to study for himself. Help can come from you sitting with him while he does his homework (and you should always have a good idea of just what his homework is), or perhaps better, a tutor from an advanced grade to help him learn how to study. However, if I got caught, I would certainly let them know about my "punishment". The ticket, the points off my driver's license, the increase in my insurance premiums, the mention in the local paper, all because of a bad decision. After all, this is why we're teaching them about consequences. When you've explored this with a good therapist (it might mean you "shop around"), I think you'll be better able to understand her behavior, take it for what it is, and set reasonable limits on it consistently that might be more effective in bringing about a desired change. If she can't elicit strong reactions (spoken or unspoken) from you, her tactics will change. I'm a physician. I made an iffy call on one of my best friends in the ER (it's a long story). Two days later she presented in congestive heart failure from the massive MI she vehemantly wouldn't let me test her for (and I therefore missed.) I cried about it (mostly alone) for weeks. She became what we call a cardiac cripple (a terrible fate of some MI sufferers.) My eldest was a sponge and accustomed to medical talk. One time months later I was rebuking him for something he felt defensive about. Behaviors should have natural (or at least logical) consequences. Taking money is not a logical consequence. Not all - indeed not most - problems can be solved by throwing money at them. If a rich drunk driver seriously injured one of your children, would their giving you $150,000 seem fair punishment? Or would you rather their license be taken away and they did a stint in jail? The method is simple: family meals, good parental modelling of healthy meals, regular snack times, no between meal/snack feeding except water, and not fussing over what the child does and doesn't eat (trust your child to eat; that's their responsibility. Fuss and you create an unhealthy environment around food.) The situation you're in is truly heartbreaking. No one but you can decide for yourself if you're right or wrong. However, other people can share their experiences and beliefs. In the end, I think it comes down to modeling the behavior you want in your kids and learning of life lessons. Our kids are not our confessors, but if we transgress against them or in their sight, we do what we want them to do. In my case, that was a sincere apology, a promise to try to avoid that behavior in the future, and restitution when possible. Such skills can be to meditate (with practice you can do it almost anywhere), to practice mindfulness (paying attention in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, non-judgmentally), to play games in your mind or on a phablet, to carry noise-cancelling earphones wherever you go, to listen to music that you especially like through earphones; to imagine what it is like to be that little girl in her sing-song world, making up a non-judgmental different reality, to practice empathy. Any of a vast number of strategies can be learned to deal with stress.