However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. 

The phrase "inspired by God" is literally translated as "God-breathed". So the Bible is not merely a collection of wise men's writings, but is actually authored by God, through men, by the Spirit. 

Suppose I am doing ok financially, and I read a passage indicating that I should provide for my brothers who are in need, and for those who minister to me. Buuut... something inside me tells me "Nah... that money is yours! You worked hard for it. Forget those lazy people... they can go get a job and make their own money!" Well, such a person would be inclined to have a "different interpretation" of those passages I linked. 

Now, on to more specific examples. 

We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: 

Consider the way Ten Bruggencate's tract on Islam addresses the issue. To Muslims who claim that they could not be wrong, he presents "contradictions in [their] source of knowledge"; that is, he claims that there are contradictions inherent in Islam and the Quran. 

One argument of the Christian presuppositional apologists is that only the Bible is self-authenticating. Other sacred texts, like the Quran, are not. 

Matthew's dominance is also confirmed by commentators. Craig L. Blomberg, writing in the Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament, writes: 

Blomberg's numbers vary somewhat from BLB's, but demonstrate that even with varying definitions of what a "quote" or "allusion" is, Matthew refers to the Old Testament significantly more than the other Gospel writers. 

John Frame and Steve Hays deal with the issue similarly, in a response to a similar challenge: 

Steve Hays provides more detail in a subsequent response, calling the Quran's textual history "checkered" and expounding on contradictions between the early (Meccan) verses of the Quran and later (Medinan) ones: 

Thus, the argument goes, the Quran is contradictory and therefore not self-authenticating, and thus that it cannot serve as the basis for knowledge. 

All Scripture is authored by God via the Holy Spirit. A case can also be made that all Scripture is prophecy, which makes it even more clear that the Spirit was the instrument of God for authoring Scripture. Beyond the generic statements, we have a number of specific examples which support this doctrine. 

Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! 

For some men, straying from these things, have turned aside to fruitless discussion, wanting to be teachers of the Law, even though they do not understand either what they are saying or the matters about which they make confident assertions. - 1 Timothy 1:6-8 

Now, on to more specific examples. 

My question is - did I miss something? Is there actual rational criteria for whether a book is considered part of canon? 

Suppose I am doing ok financially, and I read a passage indicating that I should provide for my brothers who are in need, and for those who minister to me. Buuut... something inside me tells me "Nah... that money is yours! You worked hard for it. Forget those lazy people... they can go get a job and make their own money!" Well, such a person would be inclined to have a "different interpretation" of those passages I linked.