Regular Minecraft doesn't know what mods are, so it will completely ignore your mods folder and never do anything with any files you put in there unless you "teach" it to look there, and what to do with the files it finds. To fix this error use the following steps: Component is a three-cable video signal. The green cable carries only luminance information, the blue carries the delta-from-luminance needed for the blue-spectrum colour information, and the red cable carries the delta-from-luminance needed to reconstruct the colours from the red end of the spectrum. 

As an alternative to a text editor, you can use a program like INI Settings Editor to give you a graphical interface to the INI sections and fields. Fixing it There are some HDTVs that have combined composite/component inputs, and these will either intelligently look for the extra composite signals and internally switch how they decode, or you have to use a menu/remote setting to tell it what kind of signal to decode. Your HDTV is obviously not one of the auto-switching ones, but if it's a menu-switchable one then you just need to figure out the settings and it'll work. Composite is a single-cable video signal. The main signal is luminance, which is the black/grey/white or "brightness" signal. There is a hidden sub-signal on the same cable that carries colour (chrominance) information, but it is weak and needs dedicated hardware to find and decode it so it can be combined with the brightness information. There's also some other buried signals about frame timing that aren't relevant here. If he's unable to figure it out by investigating documentation, the next solution is to remove mods one by one until the game starts working again. 

Download it. Choose the "Recommended" build for your version of Minecraft, and click the "installer" link. Run the installer. In the Minecraft launcher, choose the new profile named "Forge" or similar and click Play. If you want greater explanation of how the installation process works, you can read the Installation article on the Forge Wiki. (Further complicating things are that a lot of mod download sites steal the mods from the official page and then lie to you about what version it is for to get your clicks for ad money. Always download from the official mod page to avoid scams.) If the HDTV doesn't have red/white RCA audio ports, then it either doesn't accept audio input at all, or it only accepts something like HDMI or optical audio inputs. In that case, you'll have to hook the audio cables up directly to your speaker system, get a converter of some kind, or some other way of getting the audio into speakers or headphones. 

Steam Support has an article on this error: Steam.exe (main exception): CMultiFieldBlob(pSerialized). This is what is has to say about the cause and the solution for Mac: 

Technical background Composite and component, though confusingly having very similar names, are not compatible with each other. Your problem So what's happening is that your HDTV is expecting to consume a luminance-only signal in the green input port, and you're plugging in a combined luminance-chrominance-timing signal which just accidentally happens to have a very strong luminance signal. The HDTV is happily consuming the brightness part of the signal and ignoring the rest because it doesn't know to look for the colour on the same carrier signal, instead of where it is expecting it (the blue and red ports), so it's showing you the black-and-white signal you're feeding it. (It's blurry because some of the edges are only visible when luminance is combined with the colour signals that the TV is not receiving.) You didn't use the installer, so essential setup steps haven't been done. It's not enough to have the files in the right place – the installer has to perform final configuration of your system and those files so that the game will function. Since your HDTV (a Sharp Aquos LC-46D65U) has an S-Video input, another possibility is using a composite to S-Video converter. (These are cheaper/simpler than composite to component converters, because the composite and S-Video signals are very similar and the conversion can be done with much simpler circuitry.) 

There is no fix to make it work on OS X Mavericks. The Urban Terror team will have to update the game to use the graphics functions that are available in Mac OS X versions later than 10.6. 

If your HDTV doesn't have a feature to switch the input though, you have to somehow contrive to get it a proper 3-cable component signal. Either you need a composite-to-component converter box, or you need to buy a component cable for your GameCube. The latter is probably challenging because the hardware is so old. The converter is going to be a matter of shopping around, since there are a lot of them, and a specific recommendation is something this site isn't really suited to.