As said before, this "procedure" does not work for validity because it is not true that either a formula or its denial are valid. In order to be sound, the above rule must be applied to an x whatever: an x for which no presupposition has been stated. But it was already verbally stated in Ancient Stoic Logic with the so-called philonian conditional; see Sextus Empiricus, Πρὸς μαθηματικούς (Pros mathematikous) Book VIII, 113: Again by the condition F ⊢ G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), we have that ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉) is true. But G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), and thus G is true is the base of the modern semantics for the languages of modal logic [see SEP's entry] : The the set {¬,∨,∧,⇒,⇔} is usually used because it includes the "most natural" ones. Thus, the mathematical proof regarding the truth of G relies on assumptions. The basic assumption of the above proof is the soundness of the system F with regards to the natural numbers : a condition that is stronger than consistency. In this case, we have a decision procedure : the truth-table algorithm (it is highly "inefficient", but it works ...). Clearly it is not "exists x (margarine is better than x)"; we are not saying that there is some food which is worst than margarine. As per Owen's answer, we have to note that Monadic predicate calculus is a fragment of first-order logic that is decidable. The second meaning of completeness regards theories, and is the key to the famous Gödel's incompleteness theorems which says that : This means that e.g. : ¬◊P is not equivalent to ◊¬P. Of course, the conclusion is the same : the "purported" syllogism does not conclude ! Thus, we cannot symbolize it as : Gödel's incompleteness theorem proves that formalized theories having enough "capability" for expressing arithmetical facts are not complete in the second sense : they are not able to "capture" all true arithmetical facts. where "nothing" has been analyzed in term of quantifier and variable (a variable is "grammatically" a pronoun). If a contradiction follows by way of the correct "inference procedure" (i.e. having applied correctly the inference rules) then, because contradictions can never be true, this mean that our starting assumption is wrong e we have to reject it. This is Gödel's Completeness Theorem, that says : Assume S and derive R ∨ P from 1st premise. The first observation is that "nothing" is not a "name". It means "all things are equal". Neither this formula is valid, because it is not true in a universe with more than one element. Assuming for the sake of discussion the fact that clouds are the cause of rain, this does not mean that "if there are clouds, then there is rain" is correct. For further discussions, see : Apply it to a formula A whatever : if in its column you have all "T", then the formula is a tautology. But it is allowed to assume something (not known to be true or false) as true and see "what happens". With your example, from P ∨ R ⊨ ¬P ⊃ R we can derive e.g. : Being so, it is not a logical consequence of the axioms of T and this is the reason why its unprovability in T does not conflict with the completeness of the underlying logic. The same thing happens with quantifiers; ¬∃xP(x) is not equivalent to : ∃x¬P(x) but to ∀x¬P(x). I do not agree on statements like : We have also that rain is the sufficient condition for clouds; but this must not be read as "rain causes clouds". 5) Q --- from 4 and 2 by →-elimination If we start with a minimal set, like {¬,⇒}, the other ones are usually introduced as abbreviations. In classical logic the formula (P → Q) → ((¬ P → Q) → Q) is a tautology, and thus provable without assumptions; this is not possible with intuitionistic logic. Regarding "logical" analysis of causation, see Counterfactual Theories of Causation as well as Probabilistic Causation.