It could be, in your case, that one god is just simply BORED, but secretly, through the advancement of your story, we find out that this child has meaning to the bored god that is unknown to reader/MC. As the saying goes, the best way to unite people is for them to have a common goal or enemy. Look at the real world... Our country wasn't in the best of shape prior to 9/11. Then everyone united together as 1 country, for a small duration at least, to fight the common enemy. Every time a terrorist attack happens, all the leaders meet to show support and unison in the fight, even if tomorrow they go back to arguing over politics. 

Characters are usually memorable due to personality traits. If we think back to all of our favorite characters as we grew up, you may even notice a pattern of characters you liked in comparison with their similar traits. For me, I always liked leader characters. Tommy from Rugrats, Leonardo from Ninja Turtles, Aragorn from Lord of the Rings and so on. You notice that all of MY personal favorite characters that are memorable have similar personality traits. 

What makes a character memorable is how easily someone can relate to this character, whether by similar life stories or by personality traits (whether they are common or traits wished to have). The hard part about memorable characters is that, not everyone is going to remember a character the way you want. You might remember a character for their heroic deeds or the way their family interacted reminded you of home, where as I might remember a character because they shared the same life story and struggles. 

We can again reference something from J.R.R. Tolkien with The Hobit. Bilbo was a guy who didn't want adventure... didn't want to deal with anything outside of his books and family treasures. Something inside of him made him want to go on an adventure with these sloppy, noisy Dwarves that were totally opposite of the life he was use to. 

Motivation could also very well be that he is simply bored!! He was bored with his mundane life as a god who sleeps all the time and saw a chance to do something different. Often times opposites attract. One guy who is the sun, one guy who is the moon (figuratively). The sun is full of energy while the moon is lethargic. Something about the sun makes the moon want to follow him on his quest. 

Ultimately, you want to make each character well rounded and have a good deep development. If all we knew of Aragorn is that he was some guy who lived in the woods, fought, and then became king, his character would be fairly dull. By adding in background information, mystery, and character development even within the story, his character then becomes more in depth, more relatable, and in turn more memorable. 

Think about some of the adventure stories, The Hobit, Lord of the Rings, Redwall, Game of Thrones. What makes characters stand out to you? Especially in a story like GoT where there are so many characters, what makes one stand out over another? Most of the time the bottom line of this is emotional appeal. That is how well someone can relate to that character either positively or negatively. We hated Joffrey because he reminded us of the spoiled little brat that lived down the street from us as a kid. We love Daenerys because she has a strong, motherly vibe to her and she's awesome. 

Some times little to no motivation at all allows for the greatest motivation to be born. By the end of The Hobit, Bilbo was full set on helping them regain their home and understands their needs. Don't be so fast to throw all your cards up front. Let the story unfold and you may find that through this, you will discover a far deeper motivation. 

Motivation is the same regardless of what race/being they are. To make reasons for people who are unlikely to team up, team up... They need a common goal. Often in stories, we read someone who is suspicious tempt the MC into teaming up with them (LoTR with Frodo/Smeagol) because they both share what appears to be a common goal. It was unknown to Frodo that Smeagol actually was plotting to take it back.