Pull the tire. Don't just clear it of substantial debris - clear it of all debris. If there is something in there it will work though the cords. If you are into the cord then still do not give up as that is a decent tire. From the inside if you can see damage to the cord then time to get a new tire. 

Consider getting a spoke wrench and at least true it enough to not rub on the brake. How to true a wheel while its on your bike 

The second tool you need is a chain stretch tool. 

For college you might as well get a kit to also do basic maintenance. Essential Tool Kit ESSENTIAL TOOL KIT HOME MECHANIC STARTER KIT Starter Tool Kit - 90% of what I do is with this kit 

That is as vague as how long will a current pair of sneakers last me? And the best guess for how long my next pair of sneakers will last is how long did my last pair last. 

While you have it off pull the front and rotate. Front tire takes less abuse and less weight. If I have the rear tire off, it is more worn than the front, and run same tires front and rear then I rotate. Another opinion is to put the best tire in front. SheldonTireRotation 

Take the wheel to the shop and ask them what tools you need. 

In the US is is $15-$20 a wheel. Some times I see 2 for $30. If the other wheel has any wobble then consider doing both. They need to pull the tires and tubes to true so if you pull them you make it easier on the shop. I do it because I think they may take more care in truing. 

TruVativ Understand you don't have a TruVativ but only place I found torque. For steel torque is 12-14 nM. And they show the nut on the chainring side (like you have it). 

The first tool you need is chain lube. 

I have done that ride. That is an excellent ride. 

In the method Pete suggests you don't pick a sprocket as you don't have a horizontal drop out. Go small up font and a middle in the back for chain alignment and pick the best chain length. From there you may need to go up or down one in the rear to get chain tension. Is not going to be perfect. But tension and alignment is more important than the exact gear you want. You can always take out another length so in doubt go longer. And you also lose your front derailleur. 

That would be a single speed chain as it is internal gears. 

When you release the brake the noodle is probably sliding back a bit because you don't have the rubber boot to hold it in place. So then there is a gap and it clicks when you apply the brake again. Does the noodle slide back when you release the brake? You might be able to fix it by lubing the cable/noodle. I suspect you can go to a bike shop and get a new boot - that is what I would do. Or you might be able to use a tie strap or O ring to hold it in place. 

As for can the tube be repaired? 

How many years will an current aluminum frame last of a touring bike? 

Aluminum has not changed in the 10 years 

OK now that Pete posted (+1) I don't agree with his answer. I go small upfront (or middle if 3) and the best alignment rear followed by best chain tension. 

Just a 5mm allen will get you a lot if you have quick release wheels. Just drop seat and spin the bars. Lace the pedals between the spokes of the removed wheels. In a dorm closet you can hang socks on the bar. You just need to get it against the wall.