Well Iman is just having belief in Allah, messengers, books, hereafter. Mumin, it would suffice to say the shahada(literally understanding it) then he is considered Believer. 

But to attain other aspects of Al-Islam, yes not everyone will be aware of things in the very beginning. So, it is the job of fellow Muslims near them to remind them about the Islamic ways. And your quoted verse i.e. Qur'an 49:14 is talking about hypocrites or treachery. 

We can take help of Muhsin Khan's translation to understand. 

Talking without references, it is said that there are 124,000 prophets all together from the beginning. And from other verses e.g. 39:9 we can infer that knowledge is also about knowing the right God, knowledge of hereafter and knowledge about how to live a life as commanded. I believe just by possessing religious knowledge one cannot tackle a worldly problem of sustenance. So, in the above verse, we could infer that 'knowledge' being referred to is knowledge in general, i.e. life sustaining knowledge. Other examples include Qur'an 96:1-4. 

Interested in Sunni explanation. The questioner was Jibrael(Gabriel)(AS), who came to teach Prophet's(peace be upon him) Companions what they fail to ask(such basic questions). But, there are a lot of people who don't care to fall in prostration to Allah. Taking the worst case example of atheists. So, where am I going wrong? 

That is the intent of the ayah. (As far as I know) This verse is picked from the sequence 4:153 to 4:162 and all these verses are talking about Jews in particular. 

(And of them there are some who listen to you; but We have set veils on their hearts, so they understand it not, and deafness in their ears; if they see every one of the Ayat they will not believe therein;) Also, from EnglishTafsir a translation of this verse into modern English: Then the Qur'an itself has told that it was a night of the month of Ramadan (Al-Baqarah). 

that prevents them from hearing what benefits them. In another Ayah, Allah said; The disbelievers say, what you (O Muhammad ) brought us was taken from the books of those who were before us, meaning plagiarized. 

And not is for any human that Allah should speak to him except (by) revelation or from behind a veil or (by) sending a messenger then he reveals by His permission what He wills. Indeed, He (is) Most High, Most Wise. 

(Those who disbelieve say: "These are nothing but tales of the men of old.'') 

It is not talking about keeping away from Islam so therefore no, it doesn't imply that somone who kept away from Islam is blameless as what it implies is stated above. 

The website I based my answer on is English Tafsir and verse 4 is different. It says: means, they come to you, (O Muhammad ), so that they hear you recite the Qur'an, but its recitation does not benefit them, because Allah has set veils on their hearts, and so they do not understand the Qur'an, 

This night is laylatul qadr (the night of glory) when the First Surah of the Quran was revealed (Surah Alaq). 

In Surah Al Qadr, the same thing is said: 

This means that it is such a Night in the Divine administration of Allah on which He decided the destinies of indivuals and nations and entrust His decisions to His angels so that they apply them correctly. " This was a night in which every matter is decided wisely by Our Command." 

The night implies the same night which has been called lailat-ul-qadr in Surah Al-Qadr (97). There it has been said: 

There are 3 ways Allah could speak to someone that is mentioned in this ayat: This henceforth leads me to wonder what this 'veil' is as I don't think there has been any report of Allah talking directly to anyone that is not a prophet. 

They only ways I can think of that Allah would speak to us are the Revelation and by the Prophets. 

(and (set) deafness in their ears;) Your question about what is distinct is answered below: Based on the above, the verse is saying that the mushrikeen have been blinded and deafened so that they will never accept the truth and will tell people that the Muhammad just took verses from the Torah and Gospel and put it in the Qu'ran. They discourage people from following the truth, believing in Muhammad and obeying the Qur'an. Question: What is the 'veil' mentioned in Surah ash-Shura? 

The question about what is distinct might be this: (1)- The Command is based on wisdom and that there is no likelihood of errors or weaknesses and (2)- That it is a firm and stable decision and that it lies in no one's power to change it. (This may help understand the verse more) 

To summarise up, the Night mentioned is Laylatul-Qadr and the distinct thing is the Command of the destinies of people. 

And from other verses e.g. 39:9 we can infer that knowledge is also about knowing the right God, knowledge of hereafter and knowledge about how to live a life as commanded. Every person of the people of scripture (especially Jews) must believe in Jesus (pbuh) before his (person's) death comes and may also imply that Christians must believe in Jesus (pbuh)(and his message of worshiping One God) perfectly. Let's define things clearly first... But, there are a lot of people who don't care to fall in prostration to Allah. Taking the worst case example of atheists. So, where am I going wrong? 

But to attain other aspects of Al-Islam, yes not everyone will be aware of things in the very beginning. So, it is the job of fellow Muslims near them to remind them about the Islamic ways. This verse is picked from the sequence 4:153 to 4:162 and all these verses are talking about Jews in particular. Since, we've heard only about Prophet Isa(peace be upon him) as the chronological Prophet after Prophet Moosa(peace be upon him) and before Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) does not mean there weren't other prophets in this time gap. Who knows some prophet(peace be upon him) was sent to one of the dense forests of South America, but we do not know or are not notified about. All we know for sure is the fact that Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was the last and a seal.