(The guy in the top right looks different, but I have another screenshot where I'm hovering over him and it says he's a militia member...) Dear Leah, Deckard always suspected - your true father was Diablo himself! Past about level 5 or so, though, you're better off leaving them where they drop. Once you have items that give you beneficial stat boosts beyond the basic defense/DPS rating of the item, whites and grays are almost always going to be worthless to you. Even if you can get a few extra DPS or defense points out of a "higher tier" white, it probably won't offset the utility of the other bonuses on your current gear. Alternatively, you could go to "The Legacy of Cain," quest stage "Explore Cellar" - play the quest until you get to the checkpoint at the Cathedral. Every time I've been to this level, there's been a chandelier with 4 zombies (2 that die when you drop it, and two who have a sliver of life left) right by the entrance: The "hero" in this case is whoever you have currently selected in the character selection menu prior to clicking the auction house button. 15% Faster attack speed for more LoH More stats (weapons can get higher stats than armor can), and more unique effects like transcendence (having 100+ life per spirit spent is a great way to heal). Faster spirit regen (even faster if you have 2 spirit regen weapons) 15% dodge (if you take the passive) Overall, you gain a little dodge (doesn't work when frozen, etc, and you can't dodge ground effects like desecrate and plague, which are the main sources of death in late game inferno), some more potential sources of healing and spirit regen, more damage, but way less survivability. Either way you won't be a tank. As for why echoing fury is so popular, the hard .21-.25+attack speed is also added to the weapon in the other hand, which can drastically boost the damage of a slower weapon, such as a mace. This makes EFs the ideal offhand for a barbarian (they're also super popular for monks). Attack speed is also quite useful to hit barbarian tornado breakpoints, but that's another topic. I just did 3 complete sets last night with my friends and here are some general tips to do this. It may be possible to purchase items from the merchants and giving it to him to sell, but this will be at a massive loss rate. With 20% chance to crit and 2 attacks per second and no SS, you'll have, on average, 2.5 seconds between critical shots. This means sharpshooter translates roughly into 6-9% critical chance. This roughly translates into 12-18% more damage. This is pretty on par with cull the weak. Now that I have 3x more DPS than the old tank build, even though I'm down quite a bit on defense, its easier since I kill them faster so I don't have to tank as long. Also, the really deadly effects such as arcane turret and ground effects can't be blocked anyway, making blocking less useful than killing the target faster. Past about level 5 or so, though, you're better off leaving them where they drop. Once you have items that give you beneficial stat boosts beyond the basic defense/DPS rating of the item, whites and grays are almost always going to be worthless to you. Even if you can get a few extra DPS or defense points out of a "higher tier" white, it probably won't offset the utility of the other bonuses on your current gear. If this isn't resolved through dialog, does Dirgest's jewel exist within the game? If so, what happens if you manage to find it? Is Dirgest at all important in the overall lore of the series, or is he just a macguffin for Shen to be seeking? (The guy in the top right looks different, but I have another screenshot where I'm hovering over him and it says he's a militia member...) The "hero" in this case is whoever you have currently selected in the character selection menu prior to clicking the auction house button.