The answers to your three questions are: And something his ego greatly desires as well. 

He got as far as he did with the electorate, in part, on a platform of winning and being a fighter. He may very well see the demand to accept election results as yet another unreasonable "do this" from people he has no inclination to hear demands from (establishment, media, political opponents, you name it) 

Factors helping to win the Republican Primary: 

He wants to leave his options open. Ceterus parabus, having an option to contest the election as fraud is better (if your goal is to win), than deliberately, in advance, canceling out that option by a public declaration. 

[3] - Issues such as whether IQ or some other measure to verify intelligence work or not; or if they are "fair" or not, is outside the scope. (reasons for the latter vary but I wouldn't be surprised if part of Clinton's unpopularity stems from Russian's hate of Bill Clinton over bombing Serbia. US politicians - or at least Clinton's clique - seem to often forget just what exactly led to Russia's entry into WWI) Factors helping to win the general election: Arguments about the case and the validity of the verdict took center stage in broader debates about the Cold War, McCarthyism, and the extent of Soviet espionage in the United States.2 Since Hiss's conviction, statements by involved parties and newly exposed evidence have added to the dispute. Author Anthony Summers argued that since many relevant files continue to be unavailable, the Hiss controversy will continue to be debated.[3] In 2001, James Barron, a staff reporter for The New York Times, identified what he called a "growing consensus that Hiss, indeed, had most likely been a Soviet agent."[4] The requirement is called "Ballot Access" and is discussed in detail on Wikipedia, including legal basis explaining the "Yes" answer on top; and state by state notes. Moreover, other Presidents were elected with no prior executive political experience (defined at the link as being previously a VP, Governor, Mayor or Cabinet Secretary): However, even if it's possible to identify a voter from a ballot in such locales, publically disclosing that information is illegal: How do the actual practical results of electing specific people achieve you desired state? Your goals and the end results might (and likely will be) very different, for a variety of reasons: 

The exact deadlines vary state by state but from what I was able to discern, most are around 2 months; meaning you need to submit enough signatures to each state by start of September. In this scenario, most likely, the election result will be valid (meaning, will be certified by Congress and pass any SCOTUS challenges) and whatever happens in that one state is irrelevant. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endorsements_for_the_Republican_Party_presidential_primaries,_2016#Donald_Trump This was explored in depth by notable right-wing figures in 2008 election. 

And at worst, there's a risk of a second Reagan - a candidate derided by the literati, who will pursue a hardline foreign policy with the same... fervor... that Trump conducted his primary campaign. 

Yes, this approach may have hurt some "moderate" (or as he would say, "loser"), candidate from GOP. I don't realistically see it hurting Trump. [1] - There seem to be less stringent (if any) requirements for being a write-in candidate, but that's getting too much into the weeds 

No, the 2000 election was NOT won by 5-4 split of SCOTUS (explained in #3). Who would have won is a complicated question, with the answer depending on what the recount details were (see details in #3) and the methodology of the model. As far as related question: YES! The answer to #2 depends greatly on the terms of the recount and which ballots were being counted. If we exclude high ranking military leadership positions (which can be thought of as executive position in government, in a way), we are left with John F. Kennedy; Benjamin Harrison (iffy - he commanded a brigade despite not being a general); and Abraham Lincoln