Luther clearly thought all relics were ridiculous nonsense and evidences of a very degraded sense of spiriituality. 

Ultimately by having a decpetively subtle way of joining works of free will with grace, a concept of 'merits' results effectively meaning that one can 'derserve more grace from initail grace' which is effectively destroying the meaning of the word grace under the protetsant definiton. (However some forms of Arminina thinking are not that much different to this). Good works in this sense are at leat excluded from the initial moment of sanctification, like Protetsants, it is the maintetance of being in the state of grace, after Baptism and faith in the Catholic doctrine of the gospel, where meritorious good works is intended. 

Although St. Thomas is quite exact in his identification of when the bread and wine become the blood and body of Christ, he leaves the precise moment of when they return to just bread and wine uncertain. He seems to indicate the whole transformation is outside of normal physics causing regular moments of succession to cease in the transformation. This makes the time where the presence is no longer there not a proper ‘moment’ following another ‘moment’ along the science of time. In other words, the starting moment is identified as it is preceded by another moment, but the end, not being preceded by a proper moment is not exactly determinate. Or in his words: 

So I think you can judge for yourself. He seems to oppose extreme unction zealously, in the way it was used. 

Justification Protestants actually put this first and they mean that a sinner is declared fully righteous before God as though they had obeyed all of God's laws perfectly due to the righteousness of Christ being charged, or imputed to them. This is an event, the result being entrance into the church, or new birth and sanctification. 

So now the question occurs, if the bread and wine is only the physical literal body of Christ, hidden behind accidents and quantities that present to our eyes a mere substance of bread and wine, how then is the Presence of Christ actually also sitting behind the veil of what our senses see? This answer is tied up in the term ‘concomitance’. The soul and divinity of Christ is understood as being present through another term called ‘concomitance’. This in effect means the bread is all of Christ including his divine presence and so it the blood. 

Also, I have seen on occasion that he used a pointy hat (the original pontifex maximus) does the Pope ever wear similar clothes as well? Or is there no similarity in dress at all? 

However, since the notion of the Presence in the Mass is somewhat higher than each element it implies not just the body and blood but the soul and divinity of Christ is present, i.e. a complete Christ in both events. In other words, this higher presence of soul and divinity occurs when becoming the bread and then is some sense becomes more completed when the wine is transformed. The notion of a complete unified Presence can be seen from the Creed of Pope Pius IV. 

From what I can tell the focus that Wycliffe held was in opposition to the authority of the Pope, more than say 'justification by faith' which was Luther's focus. However Wycliffe holds Augustinian ideas that seem to indicate that he felt real grace and predestination is what saved a man. However, it was not as focused and or nearly developed as in the case of Luther. His opposition to the Pope and corruptions of many of his representatives is very lively though. Unfortunately, there does not seem to be as much clear record of his writings either, compared to the large volumes available for Luther. 

To answer your question about 'extreme unction' Gillets summarizes it best under the phrase 'qualified sense'