They didn't end up in any one particular place. In more recent decades, discovered skulls are generally returned to Japan, or disposed of in various ways (lack of identification). On December 13, members of Nanking's universities including professor Lo Chia-Luen telegraphed their condemnations to Chang Hsueh Liang. The Peking and Shanghai universities (Mei I-chi, Chiang Monlin, Herman Liu) followed on December 14. The next day, over a hundred newspaper publishers published a joint declaration decrying the Fengtian Clique's actions. On December 16, more than two hundred magazines issued a similar condemnation. And on the same day the Tsing Hua University transmitted their denouncement of Chang's "rebellion", drafted by among others Wen I-To. The influential Ta Kung Pao published Hu Shih's "The Treason of Chang Hsueh Liang" on Dec 20, denouncing Chang and voicing support for maintaining peace to strengthen China. Such appointments were already increasingly unpopular towards the end of Meiji, and went into crisis in the first year of Taishō (1912). When the genrō nominated Katsura Taro as the next Prime Minister, they provoked a massive backlash in the Diet that forced Katsura to resign. Despite this, the genrō retained control of the Prime Ministerial appointment process and continued to allow their personal distaste for party politics or specific politicians continued to factor into their decision making process. At the same time, however, The elders became more sensitive to the need for support within the Diet. 三根生久大『陸軍參謀:エリート教育の功罪』文藝春秋、昭和63年 More generally, Japanese officers carried swords as accessories for their uniforms. The blades were both ceremonial as well as status symbols, because higher ranks were entitled to swords with special distinctive styles. For instance, General officers used swords with: "brown and red strap with gold wire, zig-zag stitching and yellow tassel1". The traditional image of samurai did have an effect, but only much later. Western styled sabres were replaced by more traditional designs decades much later in the 1930s, after the rise of Japanese nationalism. The standard issue of Showa 9 (1934) resembles katanas much more: Lampman, Robert J. "Social Security Perspectives: Essays by Edwin E. Witte." Madison, University of Wisconsin (1962). Consuming stockpiles purchased pre-Prohibition Drinking as a guest at someone else's place Making wine at home (often with ready-to-ferment "juice bricks") Purchasing drinks on a "medical prescription" à la modern medicinal marijuana Buying alcohol from organised crimes, who grew rich smuggling them in from Canada The Prohibition also did not apply to drinks with less than 0.5% alcohol. Many breweries produced such malt beverages in order to survive the 1920s. Though, it is up to you whether to call that beer... The New Culture Movement was an intellectual revolution in China during the early 20th century. In a large sense it marked the birth of Communism in China. Practicalities After independence, the Union of India wanted to maintain the Himalayan frontier policy of British India against an ascendant Communist China. Bhutan and Nepal (and Sikkim) were strategic buffer states for this purpose. For their part, the Himalayan kingdoms chose to maintain and strengthen their link to India while manoeuvring to maintain their independence. Bhutan reoconised Indian suzerainity in a 1949 treaty, in which it agreed to be "guided" by gave India in foreign affairs. Nepal also signed a Treaty of Peace and Friendship in 1950.