Outline/Summary: Some publishers/agents want a brief outline, others want a detailed, chapter-by-chapter summary, it's often best to include both. 

I'm sure there are people who have achieved such a perfect marriage of text and illustration that they can sell them both together, even as a first-timer, but the common misconception that one must provide both words and text in order to sell a picture book is completely wrong. The plain truth is that even many of the big name hyphenates are clearly better at one side of things than the other. 

POD (Print on Demand) - This is a new method of publishing made possible by modern technology. The book is only printed, one copy at a time, in the case that someone wants to purchase it, and the author is paid a percentage of the cover price (usually comparable to a royalty), with the remainder going to the printer. This is most often used by self-publishing authors (but sometimes used by traditional publishers for their backlists). Books printed this way will rarely be carried in traditional bookstores, regardless of merit (because there is no margin left for the middleman). They do not sell themselves, so an author looking to make money through POD must be a relentless self-promoter. 

Author's platform (formerly author bio): What are you bringing to the table that will help sell your book? (expertise, name-recognition, social media presence, networks, etc). 

Don't do damage to your work if you think the changes they requested are negative, but keep in mind that if they are a reputable publisher, they probably know the market better than you, and may be giving you really good advice. 

With that said, you shouldn't be contemptuous of free verse, some of it is quite good. I'm also puzzled by the fact that you seem surprised to encounter it, given that it's the dominant format for contemporary poetry (and has been for quite a while --it began its rise to popularity in the early 1900's). Although it typically doesn't have set meter or rhyme, good free verse does have other types of structure --perhaps in the assonances and alliterations, or maybe just in the pattern of metaphors. Consider Billy Collins, one of my favorite living poets --his poems rarely have an identifiable meter or rhyme scheme, but if you read them out loud, it's clear that they aren't without structure of some other, harder-to-identify type.