And this is the saying of Ibn Umar, Salim, Jabir bin Zayed, Ata, Tawus, Malik bin Anas. And the same is the saying of Abu Hanifa and his companions. And from Shafi is narrated the same as that of Saeed bin Musaib [ it is permissible since a fornicator is part of the unmarried Muslim community viz 24:32 ] Quran 65:2 And when they have [nearly] fulfilled their term, either retain them according to acceptable terms or part with them according to acceptable terms. And bring to witness two just men from among you and establish the testimony for [the acceptance of] Allah . That is instructed to whoever should believe in Allah and the Last day. And whoever fears Allah - He will make for him a way out. Cash, cash equivalents and Goods for sale is the valuation equal to either of the above which one feels is better. In present times some recommend using the valuation using silver since that will have more people helping others, while others prefer the valuation using gold since less poor people will be burdened with paying it. Fifth. Adornments are apparent and hidden. Regarding the apparent ones, it is permissible to show them to both mahrams and strangers. I have already related the views about them among the scholars. The adornments that are to be hidden, showing them is not permitted except to those who are mentioned by Allah in this verse. There is a dispute about bracelets. Ayesha has said that it is an apparent adornment since it is on the hands. Mujahid has said that it is to be hidden because it is separate from the palms and is on the arms. Ibn Arbi has said that pigment is a hidden adornment when it is on the feet. For reference see: Radd ul Muhtar (arabic) What is clear from the Quran in a literal sense is that: The verdict of Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) was sought about an unmarried slave girl guilty of illegal intercourse. He replied, "If she commits illegal sexual intercourse, then flog her (fifty stripes), and if she commits illegal sexual intercourse (after that for the second time), then flog her (fifty stripes), and if she commits illegal sexual intercourse (for the third time), then flog her (fifty stripes) and sell her for even a hair rope." Ibn Shihab said, "I am not sure whether the Prophet (ﷺ) ordered that she be sold after the third or fourth time of committing illegal intercourse." Saheeh Bukhari On the other hand, the right remains intact where the loss has taken place without carnal connection, as for example in conséquence of a fall upon the ground. If it was the third divorce then the couple can not remarry unless the woman marries another man and is genuinely divorced or widowed in the second marriage, and no passage of time will make them lawful otherwise. Quote from Minhaj Al Talibin on the Shafi position: This is a separate matter from Khula(where the wife demands divorce from the Husband or a court), and from Fasak-e-Nikah(where a court dissolves the marriage unilaterally). Quran 4:6 And test the orphans [in their abilities] until they reach marriageable age. Then if you perceive in them sound judgement, release their property to them. And do not consume it excessively and quickly, [anticipating] that they will grow up. And whoever, [when acting as guardian], is self-sufficient should refrain [from taking a fee]; and whoever is poor - let him take according to what is acceptable. Then when you release their property to them, bring witnesses upon them. And sufficient is Allah as Accountant. For example see this location in Australia, where the minimum length of the shadow of an object today is 1.02x its size at the sun's Zenith. And this location in Turkey in winter, when the minimum size of the shadow at the sun's zenith will be 2.01x its size. The Hanafi position seems to be that an adult woman, virgin or non-virgin, may NOT be married without her consent. A minor may be married without her consent, but unless she is married by the father or grandfather she will have a choice to annul the nikah on attaining puberty before consummation.