During my run through of the Skeleton King's crypt I found books with Loric's story (2) and several from the scribe. The bottom line is, if you don't need the vitality for a particular reason, default to main stat. 

There is no acknowledged evidence that public games pose any threat whatsoever. The primary cause of account compromise continues to be compromised passwords (whether by social engineered attacks, weak passwords, keyloggers, etc). 

What are the recommended level ranges before progressing to the next difficulty? 

For example is it better to attempt to roll a Magefist from a mage compared with a monk? Would I have an easier chance using the cube and farmed death's breaths and upgrading rares? It is Blizzard's position that the session ID hijacking claim is bogus. Bashiok stated in his post that thus far none of the compromised accounts they have investigated had an authenticator attached prior to the compromise. A further update specifically asserts that the session hijacking being described is technically impossible. It's clear that key farming will be an exercise on its own, but after key farming, what strategies are effective in farming the organs? Straight hit point numbers don't tell the whole story however. 1,000,000 hit points won't last long if you have 0 resistances thus people usually talk in effective health pool. The upper tier gems are very desirable items to obtain for top tier players. Is there a certain break point where it isn't worthwhile to combine gems below that quality? 

What triggers the progression? Is it purely a visual effect or does it have some purpose beyond eye candy? No, there is no true 3D support built into Diablo 3, as "3D stereo displays are not officially supported". It very well may be patched in after the initial glitches are ironed out. 

There is no hard and fast rule here, in general if you feel that you're dying frequently then you have no choice but add vitality until you are able to make up for it on gear unless you subscribe to the thought that the best defense is a good offense. Several builds suffer from this problem, demon hunters for example in top end gear feel "squishy". On the other hand even at greater rift 55 a well but not top end geared monk can survive quite well. The demon hunter might add vitality where the monk does not. Many won't want to do this but will benefit from the few who are doing it. If they're looking for dex gloves and you want int, their failures are your opportunity to buy. 

In Diablo 2 it was very possible to speed run through the acts and end up on a harder difficulty with a lower than anticipated level. 

This is quite achievable in Diablo 3 as well, whether bypassing the optional content or being rushed by a friend. 

In the short term, yes, you can do better in the AH under the current economy.