Fiddes, P. S. “The Understanding of Salvation in the Baptist Tradition,” in For Us and For Our Salvation, ed. W. J. Hollenweger. Utrecht: Instituut voor Missiologie, 1994, 15-37. The Hope of Salvation, International Theological Commission. Origins (April 26, 2007): 726-748. 

Cone, J. H. God of the Oppressed. New York: Seabury, 1975. 

As God cries out in Isaiah 65:2, 

Aquinas, Summa theologica 12ae Q 109, Art. 1-10 in Aquinas on Nature and Grace, ed. A. M. Fairweather. Philadelphia: Westminster, 1954, 137-156. 

Finally, it should be noted that Joel Osteen has never been to seminary, nor does he profess to be "much of a theologian", so don't expect too strong of a case if you're basing it on him. 

In other words, Dives is making the case that if a miracle were given, then clearly people would believe and repent. Abraham is, however, proved exactly right every day, however, in that Jesus did come back from the dead [I know somebody is going to disagree with me on that!] and yet people didn't listen to him either. 

Economies of Scale also allow institutions to respond to large crises (disasters, famine, endemic social issues) that individuals cannot. Implicit in scale is waste, fraud, and abuse (yes, Mr. Baker, I'm talking about you!), but the hope is that more often than not the economy of scale can outweigh the lapses. 

If she were sinless, then it would be because God made her so, i.e. He saved her before or at the moment of her conception. 

So, one would hope it is a learning process. Few are convinced overnight. If you read Orthodoxy, by G.K. Chesterton, you'll have read the auto-biography of a man who was utterly convinced, but remained outside the Catholic Church for another 12 years. He found the truths in the Catholic Church to be astonishing. He admired it because it is a "Truth telling thing". Everyone, with a soul, applauds whem seeing truth spoken to power; but it makes power nervous. When truth is spoken to everyone, everyone gets nervous - it's a natural consequence of our fallen nature. Chesterton has no more "Idea of becoming a Catholic than becoming a Cannibal" 

Father John O'Brien wrote in The Faith of Millions 

EWTN Q and A - Dr. Richard Geraghty - 11/17/2007 

The last thing to consider is what you actually do beleive. Where did your morality come from. Was the culmination of all of history with or without the Catholic Church? Was it riding the momentum of the Church until the split and now it is coasting on it's own? Does it progess? Does it have answers to the new attacks on religion? Does it preseve the old truths? Fr. O'Brien claims that protestants and irreligious people are actually borrowing from that which has it's roots only in Catholicism today. Basically, and arboralleally, you can't plant a sucker in the ground and expect an apple tree, you can only really graft it to another tree that has already got some roots. 

Q. 18 Wherein consists the sinfulness of that estate whereinto man fell? A. The sinfulness of that estate whereinto man fell consists in the guilt of Adam's first sin, the want of original righteousness, and the corruption of his whole nature, which is commonly called original sin; together with all actual transgressions which proceed from it. 

In defense of this position, proponents argue that the surrounding context necessitates interpreting "Israel" as the Jewish people. As C. E. B. Cranfield writes, 

So we see that this is certainly not merely a "medieval" interpretation; at least some in the early church held to it as well. 

Elsewhere, he argues that the God-man (Jesus) had to die voluntarily, and in support of this he cites a few more: 

Summary The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe can indeed be seen as a microcosm of Lewis's thought on the atonement: in it, Lewis refuses "to be bound by any one depiction of the Atonement."9 His other writing makes it clear that he does not see any need to settle on a particular theory of the atonement, considering it to be something beyond human understanding.