Each later author makes the case in wholly different way than Brouwer. Brouwer himself was actually kind of a fuzzy-yet-overly-picky thinker when it came to philosophical aspects, and he can be hard to take seriously. He also follows his own intuitions into mathematical endeavors that are completely barren, like the alternative models of continuity he proposed. So I prefer Kleene as the exemplar of a good, clean, productive Intuitionist. You can't claim recursive function theory did not go anywhere... I would take up the younger Wittgenstein, here, and say no. He expresses these as truths. And he feels urgent value from the eternal recurrence he deduces from Newtonian physics (if incorrectly, with a classical sense of math.) It is hard to see him, then as a total skeptic relative to shared facts, even facts about values. Even if, in the end he prefers an aesthetic sense of truth over some obligatory objectivity, he feels aesthetics have a certain kind of objectivity, or he would not bother to quarrel with Wagner. So, evidently, the proposition has exceptions, and there are other ways of providing scientific value, even in Popper's own estimation. In a more direct way, out-of-body experiences near death or under DMT, LSD or mescaline, where people see rooms, etc from the perspectives other than their own can be taken as evidence that there is a shared constructed world from which we get information that properly only belongs to other people. I disagree with Kant's conclusion on lying. It focusses on meaning as the essence of language, and assumes the basic maxim for lying is to say one thing and mean another. Most other kinds of objects have importance to us to the degree they are parts of schemas that answer to motives. When they do not, we can point at them, but the reference is unlikely to become a stable part of our shared language. Non-farmers do not tend to have multiple of different words for dirt, even though we can and do probably occasionally point at varieties of dirt when they matter to us, whereas farmers do. In the picture theory of language, both people should find the relevant pictures equally cogent and memorable. Others' suffering pains many people. The work on oneself that would protect one from that is the Stoic way, which Epicureanism rejects as too hard to be sensible. Suffering others also often decide to spread their pain around. So removing the opportunity for both seems like a reasonable way to reduce the odds of being victim to either of these effects. That would increase the degree of one's own happiness. So was your motivation when you lied disrespectful? Does that motive remain, or has it been obviated? Is it a change of sentiment that it is more respectful to confess, or not to confess? Active psychoanalytic group approaches like Tavistock-style group therapy trace how common issues and conditions coalesce and create shared difficulties and potential solutions (q.v. Bion). Kleinian notions like projective identification are played out particularly in the treatment of Borderline conditions (q.v. any basic course on psychoanalysis, e.g. McWilliams). Self-psychologists observe reflected impressions from transference onto shared self-objects (q.v. Kohut and Kernberg). To my mind, we need to see Popper's criterion itself in slightly less rigid terms. It has become something one teaches dogmatically in schools, which is sad. Because it has come to pass that the view is held more tightly by Popper's adherents, including too many teachers of basic science, than Popper seems to have held it himself.