From that point, although it has been claimed that there were more volunteers than there were available planes, interviews with surviving pilots suggest that young pilots were actually forced to fly the suicide missions. Japanese fighter ace, Saburo Sakai, was one experience pilot who claimed that he was forced to fly a kamikaze mission, but failed to locate his target. Summaries of the papers in the Churchill collection are available on the link above. Access to copies of the documents themselves is only available from libraries with a subscription to the collection. The challenges imposed by Britain's perceived global position would have been the same, no matter who was in power. The same is true of the global political situation and Britain's economic position. This was superseded by the type 281 radar, which had a significantly increased range, from late 1940. That quote was part of a section that read: I don't think that there is any evidence that the risk of neighbours denouncing you increased as the end of the war approached. Actually, the opposite is probably true. There are some interesting resources, including records and photographs, available on the web site U-boat Archive. Did Churchill expressly refuse to alleviate the famine with food aid, or veto US and Australian offers to send food? Fight your way in along the railways. Set up army bases and airbases along the railways. Even if the railways are one lane only, I believe this is feasible. I'm pretty sure the Russian Civil War, at least, saw some heavy fighting on single-lane tracks with armored train cars. Another matter is sabatoge (blowing up tracks or trains). From what I've read, however, track can be repaired in less than a day when you're prepared for it (bring repair equipment on your train), and clearing a wreck takes maybe a day too. I believe Russian practice in WW2 was to put a dummy car at the front of a train to take the brunt of any mines anyway. Preferably, invade the valleys around Adana and Iskendrun to get access to the relatively flat lands on the Syrian Border. This will cut off access routes. Remember, Syria became part of Vichy France but then was retaken by the allies in summer of 1941, along with Iraq right before it. After the war and after the territorial changes resulting from this war, there was a massive "exchange of population". Germans were forced to move from new territories of Poland and Czechoslovakia to Germany. Poles were forced to move from Soviet Union to Poland. Ukrainians were forced to move from Poland to Soviet Union. All Germans from the new Kaliningrad region of Soviet Union (=former east Prussia) were moved to Germany. The numbers of people moved in each case were millions. At the time when this happened (the years immediately after WWII) there was no East and West Germany (as separate states. There were Russian, British, French and US occupation zones, but movement between them was possible). People who were moved were not resettled on some well defined territory. They were just scattered over Germany. (Same thing happened to other resettled people). Political organizations of those displaced Germans who demanded return existed in West Germany for long time, but I am not sure whether they still exist. (In Soviet Union and Communist Poland and Czechoslovakia, no political organizations independent of the government could legally exist).