One way to put it is that the happiness that elevates (joy) is special, and is about a particular kind of self-expression, the will to express your deepest will and see its effects. That 'art of self' would be good even without the accompanying happiness. As Schopenhauer had pointed out, we see people who live abundantly by making great offerings of suffering for their conscience or principles, like Jesus of Nazareth, and are fulfilled by it, even if they are in anguish. The right action without the payoff can still be a good life if it expresses one's deepest will and has a chance of changing things. 

What about dread, is that not also a coherence of belief and feeling -- just a different feeling? You might divert from happiness particularly and look at the James-Lange theory of emotion. For Nietzche, happiness is a complex thing. Different shades of it have different meanings and can lead us to pursue opposite agendas. 

Since their agreement or disagreement is relative to the current composite theory and the theory is going to be superseded continually, any effective statement will have at least some edge cases where it will be wrong, even when it is made. To the extent the next not-yet-known theory is equally both true and false, if likely to be closer to reliability, you can claim all the approximations are all false. Retroactively pushing that back on philosophy, I think Nietzsche's strange classification of "happinesses" kind of points out that any physiological emotion can be a form of happiness, given the right labeling. Glee can be fear (both raise gooseflesh), sorrow can be joy (both make you cry), depression can be 'wretched contentment' (both submerge your sense of time and values), 'gaiety/cheer' has something in common with anger (delivering energy, focussing on obstacles and destruction), passion shares aspects with a different kind of anger (energy from wallowing in deprivations and their satisfactions)... Having them judged and blessed means we must have products of which we are proud (pictures on the fridge) and it is this pride in our work that is validated by the parent and proves our value. We have to have bread and wine to offer, to prove we won't ever devolve back to just hunting and gathering -- living off squirrels, nuts and berries. But there is still the urge to convince the parental figure of your value, and your deservingness to remain within the protection of the community.