No. A recount, while almost never perfect, is going to be more accurate. That's because, while there are going to be human errors, a recount is a process where an error would have to get by multiple counters and observers who are verifying the same information. Also, there are a lot of machine-reading issues where many votes are not counted at all that should have been ("undercounts") where examination of the ballot can show clear intent, or, if there was a machine tabulation error, that machine tabulation error would not affect a human being. However, to more directly answer the question - since the 22nd Amendment does exist, there are and would be no legitimate no grounds for a third run for Barack Obama. This is why there was such an outcry for some kind of paper trail on electronic machines when they were first implemented without them, especially after demonstrations of how insecure they were came to light - so they could be hand-verified, if necessary. However, many laws are built so they actually discourage the most accurate means of recounting, ostensibly for considerations of time and expense (not necessarily malice or shenanigans). Our overly litigious society and rule of law precludes common sense or common good overriding the actual pedantic reading of the letter of the law, even if an obvious case for common sense should arise. This is why it has to be done as best as possible up-front. Transparent, fair, accessible election processes, with challenge and re-count provisions that are equally so, are so vitally important. Or, if a president did not have a hand in it and was highly ethical, they could step down, but that would only put their running mate into power. It would have to be the supremely implausible scenario of the sitting president having the VP resign, appointing the losing presidential candidate to be the new VP, and then resigning, in order for it to be a voluntary "righting of wrongs," I'd think. Some recount laws are so antiquated (Michigan comes to mind), that, if there is a major discrepancy between ballots cast and the final total, those ballots are EXCLUDED from recounts. There really is no "do-over" mechanism spelled out in the Constitution. If a sworn-in president would be shown to have had a hand in shennanigans, certainly that would qualify as reason for impeachment (the specific criteria for what someone can be impeached for was left very open-ended and vague in the Constitution), but popular sentiment would have to be such that politicians for that president's party would feel threatened enough to put aside partisan wagon-circling for doing what's right (in other words, in the current state of US politics, no chance at all). If he's elected, and they act to remove and replace him, it could wind up being a huge boon for the party. Given that set of circumstances and all the advantages, I think it would be highly unlikely that the GOP would not remove him, which is why I didn't directly address the last sentence of your question as much as deal with how they can use the situation to their advantage. So, the GOP could get the kind of person they always wanted for that seat. They can push back on accusations that they are the kinds of misogynists who would not believe (without extraordinary proof) women who accuse powerful white men of abuse or harassment. They can claim the mantle of taking the most pro-woman actions possible for the situation. And because of these side issues, people are going to help, not oppose them, in getting their more favored (by the party and leadership) person into that seat. It's widely reported that the 1960 election was stolen by Democrats in favor of JFK. I don't know that it's widely disputed much anymore. Trump expanded his appeal and base of support into traditional blue collar, Democrat strongholds (although came up short), while not being able to capture the same base of support from outside-big-city suburban "movement" conservatives. Powerlineblog Some hard hitting local advertising also may have come into play (see link). On Nov 11, MI confirmed for President Trump. See link below. How would the state and county election boards detect such a hack? Through post election audits. Her point is that she is creating a movement that will grow in time, and that one should be patient about these things. The exposure of the campaign itself is proving advantageous, and provides for future federal funding. So how was it done? This account is from Wikipedia: The state receives reliable information that a voter is deceased. The electors in the Electoral College don't vote until Dec 19 Link Cases of voter fraud were discovered in Texas. For example, Fannin County had only 4,895 registered voters, yet 6,138 votes were cast in that county, three-quarters for Kennedy.[42] In an Angelina County precinct, Kennedy received 187 votes to Nixon's 24, though there were only a total of 86 registered voters in the precinct.[42] When Republicans demanded a statewide recount, they learned that the state Board of Elections, whose members were all Democrats, had already "certified" Kennedy as the official winner in Texas.[42] Would these deleted voters have trouble voting on election day? No, Answered by SJuan Additionally, the increased partisanship atmosphere led to long-standing Congressmen in opposed districts (a Democrat in a generally Republican district, or vice versa) losing some of the advantage from being an incumbent, letting their district revert to it's "natural" leaning. I had a whole long answer written up saying that it was theoretically possible under federal law, but would almost certainly never happen in reality. However, at the end of my research I found a perfect quote as to why. Additionally, this article summarizes it: In other words, in the 2008 election, a lot of districts which would normally have elected a Republican elected a Democrat instead, likely because of Obama on the ticket. In 2010, when those outliers reverted to their natural partisanship, the out-of-place Congressman they elected lost his or her seat despite being the incumbent. Be eligible to vote by Election Day — Nov. 8, 2016 ....[Details snipped] This also enables the organizers to get an accurate count of the people attending. As it happens, the Western Australia vote you mention in your question is equivalent to those: The entirety of the affected area (i.e. Western Australia) had to revote, not just whatever areas the missing ballots may have come from. But the rest of the country was unaffected, since it was just a state-level position.