While this isn't exactly the answer you were looking for, I think it exposes a notable flaw in the system: The same person can retain power indefinitely, with the help of a few puppets that keep his/her chair warm during the interims. This is more evident after 2008, with Putin and Medvedev switching places, however Zubkov was also considered for the Presidency in 2008, when Putin had to step down after two consecutive terms. Putin went with Medvedev in the end, but Zubkov wasn't completely left out: He succeeded Medvedev as chairman of Gazprom. 

Right now, the distribution of seats in the Greek Parliament is: If we take the opposition's statements at face value and all their MPs follow the party line, then the presidential election will fail. If that happens, then the government will have to dissolve the parliament in at most ten days. In my very humble opinion all the arguments, pro and con, are politically biased and the actual significance (if any) of early voting in the 2012 election is very much a matter of debate: Golden Dawn and the Communist Party will most certainly not support the government's candidate. Nikolaos Michaloliakos, GD's leader, was arrested in September 2013 and is still imprisoned (pending trial), along with other prominent party members. GD has accused the government of persecution and it's extremely unlikely that they'll do them any favours. Early voting is a very simple process really, in its simplest form you vote a day early in designated early voting stations. Its purpose is also very simple, relieve crowding in voting stations on the election day, and thus increase participation. It's a practice that, in one form or another, is followed in several countries. In the US early voting is regulated at the state level, and not all states offered early voting in the 2012 election1. 

This analysis isn't conclusive; it's a faint clue at best. But with as much as 40 percent of the nationwide vote likely to have been cast before the polls open on Tuesday, here's what the early vote is telling us so far. 

From what I gathered the main arguments against early voting were: 

The third round of the presidential election (Dec 29) failed to elect Stavros Dimas. The general election is set for 25, January 2015. 

The Communist Party of Greece considers itself the polar opposite of the ruling coalition, and has a very long history of not co-operating with any other party (even left wing parties). It will be a very big surprise if they support the government's candidate. 

However, there's really no way to guess how any of these 49 voters will vote. On top of that, I can't say categorically that all SYRIZA's MPs will oppose a left leaning candidate. The goverment has already approached Mikis Theodorakis (he denied), so the scenario of a candidate with ideological ties to SYRIZA isn't that far fetched. "It's more convenient," said Levey, 74. "They moved our voting place several blocks away and it is no longer in walking distance." 

The President of the Russian Federation is limited by the Constitution to two successive terms, but there's no limit for total terms. The system is currently being exploited by incumbent Vladimir Putin, who has been in office since 1999, alternating between Premiership and Presidentship: 

Another part of the controversy was that the Democrats push for early voting, exemplified by Barack Obama's early vote, was mainly to counter-act a wave of recent changes in US voting laws, some (if not most) backed by Republicans, that introduced a number of restrictions, such as the voter ID laws. It has been argued that these changes were unfavourable for groups of people that traditionally voted for the Democrats: