Also as a hint, according to definition, masturbation is that a person does something with himself until he will ejaculate, there is no difference between how to do this, merely by imagination or by playing with his private limb or else. But ejaculation occurring is anyway a requirement for the deed to be named masturbation. So even if someone enjoy him/herself but stop before ejaculation it will not be called masturbation (also see the definition of Zina) but be careful that even this deed is Haram and forbidden, since this enjoyment is not among the ways Allah has announced as Halal for men and women. The only way that is Halal these days is seemingly by marriage and in communication with the wife or husband. But this communication can also be one-sided, that is a wife may fall asleep and his husband rub her body or himself to her body until ejaculation happen. Actually, we have the verse [2:216] which reads: Ye have indeed in the Messenger of Allah a beautiful pattern (of conduct) for any one whose hope is in Allah and the Final Day, and who engages much in the Praise of Allah. [33:21] 

What do you think about someone making a mistake while crossing a road and being hit by a car? He may turn to become blind for the rest of his life, he may find his arms broken, he may loose even his life, all due to that simple mistake, and of course God can stop him making the mistake, and can prevent the crash happening, and can prevent the man becoming blind or disabled or killed, but once you read a newspaper there are lots of such crashes happening and all those disasters that you may know better, then you would think God (God of Christians, God of Jews, and God of Muslims) is unjust or rules of this life are unjust or what? We only say there are reasons and wisdoms before any happening and behind any rule of God in His religion, we should obey it just after we understood that there is a God and that this rule is certainly due to his command, however we can always try to understand the background wisdoms as well so that we can obey God more easily. and the verses [5:45] and [2:179] which read: If you have a specific question about a specific rule then you can ask your question and hopefully you would be answered by those who know the wisdoms behind such rules of Allah. but only to say short, yes, the laws in Quran are universal and for all the times before resurrection, although during each era some secondary rules can be added to its collection of rules as temporary by the God's vicegerent of the time. Although the answer given by @BleedingFingers is directly answering your question but as your situation is common between many young couples let me add some points that may help you with your situation. 

I found these Fatawa in Persian that may help: so that his deeds and speeches are reasons for us to conclude if something is prescribed or forbidden, encouraged or discouraged or simply only allowed. If from my own cultural perspective any of his deeds seems to be strange then the reasonable conclusion would be this: "my collection of values is deviated and I should modify it a bit, or maybe even rebuild it from the beginning". Of course, this is not acceptable by non-Muslims because the holy prophet is not considered to be a pattern for them, but if they become Muslims the same thing also apply to them. Dealing with someone who is approved not to be astray, nor misled, nor talks on his own desire, nor follow but the God's inspiration, should of course be different than dealing with someone like me that behaves based on his culture and family traditions and etc. The punishment rules in Quran are also a must for Muslims to be accepted as authentic and wise, if some of these rules seem strange to me that's because my values are wrong, religion itself is the touchstone, it should not be analyzed by personal touchstones, everyone should obtain his collection of values from religion and of course this is partly why religions are set forward. The Fatwa was due to Imam Khamenei if I am not wrong, so you may need to consult your own scholar to get sure what is Halal or haram for you in your communication. But about your second added question. You have been grown in another country compared to me, you have been taught different values and a different collection of rights and wrongs. If I do something, you may judge me based on your "learned collection of values" and would say, "you did right" or "you did wrong". This is quite natural to judge people based on our own learned values. But then, among us the Muslims, we see a man who has happend to be the holy prophet --peace be upon him--, if he dose something we have no other choice than to say "he is right", both in his deeds and speeches. This is what Allah has ordered us to say and to judge about him as the holy prophet --peace be upon him-- is introduced to us a good pattern in every respect: In the Law of Equality there is (saving of) Life to you, o ye men of understanding; that ye may restrain yourselves. 

Your Companion is neither astray nor being misled. / Nor does he say (aught) of (his own) Desire. [53:2,3] So that now if someone tells me I just can't understand that rule in Islam because that's strange and I just cannot accept it, I answer then maybe your idea is wrong, they may simply laugh like them being wrong is even more strange(!) but that's what I have experienced for myself, so I still encourage them to think more deeply, that being I doesn't mean being right always.