Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. Obama, knowing full well that the Senate would never ratify it as a treaty, never presented it as such. It was an easy way to get a political victory, at the cost of having actual, binding legislation. He assumed that Executive action alone (i.e. The EPA Clean Power Plan) would be able to get him there, and political pressure would keep it in place. The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. Note: This seems to have already started The existence of Mr. Trump’s request is the clearest evidence that the president has tried to directly influence the Justice Department and F.B.I. investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. Would it be possible for the Senate Democrats to block any of Donald Trump's nominations within the 52-48 Republican majority Senate? or would this be deemed implausible as a minority? (i) Executive Order 13653 of November 1, 2013 (Preparing the United States for the Impacts of Climate Change); Ryan says pulling the bill was "a setback, no two ways about it." with protests on Inauguration day. The Regulation of GMOs in Europe and the United States: A Case-Study of Contemporary European Regulatory Politics Differing U.S. and European Perspectives on GMOs: Political, Economic and Cultural Issues The U.S. and EU: Different Approaches Kym Anderson and Lee Ann Jackson over at AgBioForum wrote a great piece from the perspective of ratifying the difference between both sides with the results they produce: That means hospitals are effectively serving as “insurers of last resort” within the American healthcare sector by providing care to uninsured patients who cannot afford to pay their medical bills. “People are still going to the emergency room,” Garthwaite says, “and they are still receiving treatment—so the cost is still there. When governments do not provide health insurance, hospitals must effectively provide it instead.” Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) As to why we sell to the Saudis and India? Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. Obamacare my have changed that some (it bumped payments for one year to try and increase acceptance rates). Still, Medicaid is not as widely accepted. This sentence describes the difference (emphasis mine) That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern.