The United States Christian right, according to Wikipedia, has views on education, the role of the government, family values, and other issues. In The Netherlands, the christian right, as represented by the Reformed Political Party, has among their major issues to oppose any liberalisation for Sunday opening of stores. Does the Christian right in the USA address this issue at all? 

Are there any offices in the USA that where there is a requirement (such as by law, by oath of office, by employment contract) such that loyalty to the President has precedence over loyalty to the law? 

Note that in principle, whether or not someone voted at all is not guaranteed to be anonymous in this system, but it isn't either when a name is crossed on a list. I'm not sure if it's possible at all for this aspect to be anonymous, short of destroying all relevant information immediately after the elections. 

Therefore, Most of them support the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Perhaps quietly so. 

In other words; are there any positions in which a person has to follow what the President instructs, even if he or she believes this order to be against the law? What if the President orders something illegal? Could anyone be shielded from legal liability if they can prove that they were carrying out direct (illegal) orders from the President, or would they be legally required to refuse to implement illegal orders? 

Note: although the quote above is on interstate highways, I am also interested in U.S. highways, State highways, County roads, and other roads. 

The answer depends on the country. You appear to be in a country where this is a requirement. I am from a country where it is not. In The Netherlands, in national elections, anyone can vote anywhere as well. 

It's quite simple: every voter gets a single voter card with their name on it. When they go to a polling station, they hand in their voting card (and show their ID) and get a different, anonymous card in return. Then they go and cast their ballot at this polling station. Anonymity is guaranteed because the voting card does not end up in the booth. 

If anything, opposition comes from the left. For example, senator Bernie Sanders: 

The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a proposed (free?) trade agreement heralded by big business. 

Both the Democratic and Republican parties and most of their candidates are heavily funded by big business. Arguably the Republican party in particular, but that could be just my impression, I don't have evidence to back it up. 

An amusing side-effect of that in The Netherlands, some municipalities actually have a turnout of more than 100%. In the 2012 elections, the Dutch island of Schiermonnikoog had a turnout of 150.33%. How? Because the island has 761 inhabitants entitled to vote, but a grand total of 1144 voted on this touristic island. In practice, the liberty to vote in any place in the country means turnout figures are not very meaningful anymore except on a national basis. 

In The Netherlands and many other European countries, stores are close on Sundays, and particularly christian parties (strongly) oppose to allow stores to be open on Sundays, arguing that Sunday is the day of God and that stores should be closed. 

What the Trump executive order has done is to refer to this list and give it an entirely different meaning. The 2011 law does not relate to citizens of banned countries; Trumps bans only relates to citizens of these countries (and possibly non-citizens born there). 

More can be found here. What is the status of those initiatives? Of course, it's easy for local legislators to come together for a "future of our region" conference and perhaps spend a few million on a feasability study concluding that a railroad (paid with somebody elses money) would benefit their region. And some proposals are outright ridiculous. The question is, therefore: are those all just feasability studies etc., or are things actually happening? How much money is being budgeted by decision-takers who would fund such an investment? Have any decisions been taken on significant expansions on passenger rail travel, or is it all just words? 

In the USA, acting attorney general Sally Yates was fired, apparently because she considered that an executive order by the President was unlawful and instructed staff not to defend the order in court. 

Considering that the interstate highway system costs an estimated $425 billion, and funding is partly subsidised, partly paid per use (Wikipedia): 

Citing the aforementioned piece in the National Review: 

Are there any significant proposals to fund to all infrastructure without government subsidies, as in fully privately funded roads? 

The Visa Waiver Program allows citizens from specific countries to travel to the USA without obtaining a visa. This list currently includes 38 countries; mostly western European and other wealthy countries; see the map below. The VWP also contains a list of banned countries: if any citizen of a VWP country has recently visited a banned country, he or she is no longer eligible for a visa waiver and must obtain a visa for entering the USA.