When he says no to something, just repeat back what he should have said: 

I would play with her with other kids during playdates, playgrounds etc. Relying on other people's assumptions, even teachers, about what is going on isn't always helpful. I've worked in schools and teachers can often be quick to label and categorize kids (the bad kid, the smart kid, the social butterfly, etc). 

So, if he is hitting people out of anger/frustration, you need to teach him how to communicate this emotion without hitting. I recommend "Bugs & Wishes": 

If they get mad and stop hanging out with you, even better it sounds like. 

When somebody uses bugs and wishes, the options for response are: 

Thus, their room will be seen as a calming, personal and reflective space. I have created this "cool down couch" in my AfterSchool program of traumatized refugee kids with little self-regulatory skills and it worked wonders! These kids were not lacking in the punishment department, nobody had tried just connecting with them and teaching the missing skills! Same with my inner city middle school kids with huge gang influences. It's a wonder what some improved self-awareness can do for a kid! 

And, expressing violence towards a stuffed animal or pillow, is actually an appropriate means to vent frustration. 

You can also try using something other than "no", like "uh-huh" or whatever is a noise you don't normally make for the non-safety/non-emergency scenarios. 

All that being said, make sure your house is baby/toddler-proofed as much as possible to prevent as much as possible. 

I'm not sure why time out is used as a punishment but it defeats the purpose. The long term goal here is having the child recognize when their emotions are out of control or in the way and what to do about it. Since your child is a toddler I believe, you will need to prompt them quite a bit in the beginning, but remember you are teaching a coping skill, not punishing them. If they had the skill in the first place, you wouldn't be in this position! 

This is why it is advantageous to only say the word "no" and use a stern voice when you really mean it. I save it for health & safety concerns, personally. 

Louis, I think you are getting some fairly punitive answers here and I would like to address your question from a more positive place. "a lack of proper parental and school discipline" You model self-respect for your child and that means that when she is standing up to peer pressure, she has enough information to stand up for herself because she has self-respect. 

I'd start by telling him you're not going to treat him like a little kid. He is old enough to start taking responsibility for his actions -- or lack of them, and that you are not going to remind or ask him more than once to do anything. Then do what you've said. 

If a parent does something for which there is a known reaction/consequence -- did not complete or do a chore, took something (cookies), swore, had a tantrum: 

It might be that you are looking for opinions on breastfeeding and attachment parenting. If you want permission to change how you are doing things -- you have it. You are the parent. If he doesn't make or pack his lunch -- he'll live until dinner. 

I'd also build him up. Make him feel happy and welcome in your home. If he feels like you do not like or love him -- all bets are off. He would have no reason to please you. 

I get that this is someone's sibling -- but that doesn't make being nasty okay. The adult siblings can work it out in the time honoured fashion -- they'll fight it out. If the relationship is important enough, they will work it out. 1. the practice of training people to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience. You can help increase your child's attention span. I would try setting a task -- it doesn't have to be hard or nasty -- just one you select. Make it as short as possible. The child earns a token for doing the task. The next task is slightly longer. SLIGHTLY. Another token. The last task is again slightly longer. Token earned and and enough tokens, buys him/her a special thing. (I like 3 tasks/tokens because even young kids understand 3.) As the days go on the tasks get longer by small degrees until instead of 3 tokens for 3 minutes on tasks, they are earning 3 tokens for thirty minutes on tasks. I would end up with students working for an hour before their tokens bought them the toy/game/free time activity they wanted. Initially, my husband was reluctant to take away his computer because he though our son's attitude toward us would become very negative. It was for a short while, but when he started "earning" computer time for good behavior, his attitude became very good. I took a roll of pennies and spray painted them gold so they couldn't get mixed up/mistaken for normal money. These were "pirate coins" or "treasure". I used them to reward extra good behavior and routine tasks that they needed some motivation for (1 penny for doing a good job brushing teeth, 1 penny for sorting laundry, etc). 

Expecting a nine year old to sit and play by herself all day while you work is expecting too much. You might be able to pull some hours while she watches a movie with headphones but it is not healthy for a child to be just sitting all day. Maybe you could at least go for a brisk walk or jog for fifteen minutes every few hours? If that isn't possible, for her sake and yours, you need to find some other arrangement. 

I suppose I could have used real money but I think that would have been a very bad idea in my son's case. Offered the choice between ten dollars worth of fruit (which he loves) and a candy bar (which he loves even more) I could never predict which way he'd fall. If he'd had a dollar and been given the choice between $1 worth of fruit and $1 worth of candy he'd have gone for the candy every time. Interestingly, my son and my daughter have developed extremely different spending patterns according to their personalities. Money burns a hole in my son's pocket. If he has any money at all he spends it on the first impulse item he sees and wants. This has carried over into his early teen years, unfortunately. I think it is a product of his early life in an extremely poor rural Chinese orphanage (he was 4-1/2 when we adopted him).