great flop for the villain - villain should slow play 

I get it was just a home game but protect you cards is your responsibility. You deserve to forfeit the hand - even in a home game. 

Pre I think call is fine as it is the type of hand that does well multi-way. 

This hand was one of the hand day reviews by a pro 

Now 48 cards left and need to fill in by the river how many ways to take 5 cards from 48 = combination(48/5) = 1712304 one way to get the the exact 4 cards needed 44 other to fill in the 5th 1 * 44 / 1712304 = 0.0000257 = 38915 : 1 

In a tournament the chip does not have a direct cash equivalent. In a tournament the objective is to survive. A chip you lose is worth more than a chip you win. Double up early does not double your chances to win. Lose your stack guarantees your chance to be out of the tournament. 

Turn not likely the 4 hit either one. BB of 1/3 still seems like a pair. Again should be charging more to price out draws. UTG could still be on a T, 3, or two overs. 

at this point the hands that could beat you that would have checked (slow play) are A8, A5, 88, or 55 

I am OK with shoving QQ here. You want to fold out any weak ace or suited king. 

Jam is only going to get paid off with a pair of jacks. They could be on AJ - J8. Even a pair of jacks might not pay you off. I don't think a weak jack would pay you off as you raised pre. You are probably only getting paid off by AJ. There is only a 1.2% chance they are holding AJ. A random hand will flop 2 pair or better 7.6% of the time. 

If you are the big stack you can abuse the small stacks with like a weak ace late. You can open from the button with almost any two cards. Start opening for little higher. But you don't need get crazy as your chips behind have fold equity. A draw hand like 78s is not worth playing against a small stack. If they are real small and you know they would be playing a wide range then adjust but be aware you can be raised behind. 

$50 / $100 first hand of tournament everyone starts with 300 BB 

CO shows 55 and takes down the pot 

You can better afford to lead out the flop. You can lead the flop 4 BB and still be out the same amount. They are going to miss the flop over 1/2 the time. If you are playing like top 40% then a lot of boards are in your range. 

Don't try and get tricky early. 

I don't know how many or increments but if you start at $15 and doubled each tournament you could play 6 tournaments. That is two more than if you just play 4 @ $250. 

You are only behind on the flop to a shove if one has a set, KQ, or two bigger spades. If both have a pair and an over with one spade you are still 47% which is probably the worse you are looking at. 

Fold, muck, and concede are not the same. Player B was not beat he was behind. 

You are not going to prevent losing to the set. But you could prevent losing your stack to the set. 

Not the only way to play a tournament. Some go aggressive early to build chips. 

A standard 3 BB raise is probably a better line. When you get raised you kind of need to 3 bet if play had been loose so it is going in anyway. If you just get called you are ahead and in position. 

River JJ most likely would have 3 bet pre. KK still looks good here. You could get called by TT, 99, 88, 77, KQs? I like the open bet. When you get raised wow. It is hard to get away but 55 makes sense. I get 55 checking the turn as they need you to think the K is good. If villain bets turn you may check the river. 

There is no provision for conceding a live hand other than at the river in a show down that I am aware of. 

A flop is going to see an ace or king about 40%. 

First you need the two royal cards in your hole cards. You don't want a 3rd as it blocks the royal. 

on top of all that villain could be on a flush draw now but that would be an odd bet for a flush draw 

As for you assumption. Really, made it to the final table 4 handed and on the button will only raise with AA KK? That is one tight player. 

My read is villain was happy to let you build the pot. You slowed down and villain put you on exactly the hand you had and wants to shut it down. You have 10 outs. 

If they go all in with less than 20 BB you can call it off with AQ KQ AJ as they are going to have a wide range. Another short stack might not take the risk. They could easily have pair under JJ and you are 50% 50% which is something you don't want to do in a tournament but if you are putting less than 10% of your chips at risk it is worth taking out a player. And I do mean call it off. Let another player call and even if they win it is worth 10% to get a player out.