Churchill promptly visits Roosevelt for "ARCADIA" conference in December 1941 and they start discussions. Italy is the weakest member of Axis team, can all Allies concentrate on them first? No way. Well then, Japan? Not so good, both Britain and USSR are weak on the Pacific (The World War II Conferences, pp. 17-40). Well then, mainland Europe? Obvious bold yes expected from USSR, but US and Britain are too weak yet (for 1942 and 1943 plans, see Operation Sledgehammer and Operation Roundup respectively, US Army in WW II, pp. 8-10). Roosevelt knows US public is more against Japan but would ok'd anti-German war. Maybe Roosevelt thinks that Germany would dominate USSR, maybe he doesn't - it's irrelevant to my answer. What is relevant, the USSR is fighting Nazi Germany as of now. 

The Allied invasion on Sicily follows as a logical consequence, so does the Allied invasion in Normandy. Properly, this should be divided by Soviet land area as of 22 June 1941, but I've been unable to find this figure. I substitute the 1991 figure, which is only a little bit lower. 

Further considering scenario of a Soviet-Polish war, Poland had no illusions that Germans could and would stop themselves before "securing the rights of German minority in the failing Polish state much troubled by the current war" as it seems was customary at the time. Even if Poland entered that scenario as an independent state, the predicted outcome would be it would end as either German or Soviet satellite. A widely cited figure is "500,000 sq mi of Russian territory" occupied by Nazi Germany, but it does not seem plausible because of the imprecise choice of wording. 

The Lithuania diplomatic standing was fragile: the Polish-Lithuanian relations were terrible over earlier Polish annexation of Vilnius. Also German-Lithuanian and Soviet-Lithuanian relations were bad. 

Additional fact was that the Hitler's proposition was soon mirrored. Stalin proposed to send troops to "help" Poland against Germany. This was similarly rejected, as it would lead to Poland becoming a Soviet satellite state (as predicted by Poland; again Lyons). 

He prioritized it to deny USSR the Baku oil (170MB/y). Getting Baku oil for Germany was a pipe dream (OTOH, Hitler was famous for pipe dreams - the relevant one involved Rommel from North Africa meeting List from Caucasus in Palestine and sending an expeditionary force from there to India). Getting North Caucasus oil (50MB/y) was more realistic, but less lucrative. 

The direct communications between the militaries were conducted via Combined Cipher Machine starting 1943-11-01. The main reason for the status of France after the WW2 was Churchill's position. The logic is simple and natural: Germany consumed 44MB/y in 1938 (peace time!) while it got at most 13MB/y from Romania during the war. 

The Germans treated the Western POWs conventionally and the Russian POWs about as horribly as the Japanese treated all POWs. The basis of mistreatment - nationality vs "violation of knightly ideals" might contribute to the difference of perception too. 

Note that he always pretended to be a peacemaker and claimed the Entente to be the warmongers (the line repeated by the Soviet propaganda until 1941). The even more important issue were the people. FDR understood that the war will be a hard fought all-out effort. He had to make sure that the people will keep morale high and not think "we provoked the war ourselves, it's our own fault, let's settle". 

At any rate, I think the Lena base is as real as the Secret Nazi Base in Antarctica or on the Moon. 

Stalin pretended not to understand the importance of the news: he rightly judged that so soon after the war the Western public will not accept an open confrontation with the erstwhile ally, and, indeed, the Western leaders did not press him. However, some Germans did try for a separate peace and those attempts were sufficiently worrisome for the SU - even though they were soundly rebuffed both times: 

Note that during his reelection campaign Roosevelt pledged that he would "not send American boys into any foreign wars". The Japanese atrocities, when ordered from above, were "rational" in the sense that they were perpetrated to gain a perceived tangible benefit for the war effort (please do not misconstrue my words to mean that I condone these actions! I do not!) The most appalling crimes, such as the rape of Nanking, were random violence of foot soldiers unchecked by their superiors. As @Histophile put it (in a comment), the "Japanese brutality was a component of their accepted form of warfare" - the total war where no quarters is given and no quarters is asked for. In other words, the Japanese atrocities were NOT historically unusual. As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. Both at the time and today there were those who claimed the Japanese would not have fought like they did on Okinawa, and in fact were close to surrendering in a way acceptable to the US. If they happen to be correct, then the death toll from the bombing is rather massively in the red (on the Japanese side. On the US side, it still saved lives). But we have no real way of knowing this. I know there are some documents floating around that some claim prove otherwise, but I'd posit anyone who insists some documents prove future actions of politicians has a poor (or idealistic) understanding of politicans.