We observe that palatalized versions of consonants may appear before [a], [o], and [u]: Studying Japanese is a great way to become familiar with the concept of a mora. As the section on Japanese in the Wikipedia article mentions, most hiragana symbols correspond to a single mora (an exception is when one symbol is followed by one of the "little" gliding kana ゃ,　ゅ and　ょ--in this case the two symbols together correspond to a single mora), so that Nippon, which is written with the four hiragana symbols にっぽん, contains four morae. Basically, because the hiragana system gives syllable-final consonants their own symbols (ん for a syllable-final nasal and っ for a geminate consonant that anticipates the initial consonant of a following syllable) but syllable-initial consonants are just encoded as part of a CV syllable represented by a single symbol (な for na,　か for ka, etc.), the writing system encodes an asymmetry that is quite common cross-linguistically: nuclear vowels and coda consonants contribute to syllable weight in Japanese but not onset consonants. So na, a, and ka are "light"/monomoraic syllables, and nai, an, kan, and kat (as in the geminated katta) are "heavy"/bimoraic syllables. (At the risk of stretching the analogy too far, onset consonants, when they are present, are kind of like pets that are riding in the car. They don't get counted as people entering the tunnel!) Yes! What you are describing is often referred to as the calling contour or the vocative chant, and it is very common, especially among European languages. Bob Ladd talks about it in his book, Intonational Phonology (first edition 1996, second edition 2008). The tune is characterized by a sequence of one or more syllables on a relatively high level pitch followed by one or more syllables on a somewhat lower medium level pitch. Ladd notes that the interval between the two notes is often, but not necessarily, three semitones, i.e. a minor third (p.117 in the first edition, p.136 in the second edition). Some other languages that have been noted to make use of this tune are (not an exhaustive list): English (North America and UK), French, and Hungarian. French is a language that is analyzed as having final stress; nevertheless, the tune goes down at the end, not up. Stress does play a role in some languages in determining when the note changes. In German and English, the higher pitch starts on the stressed syllable of the name (examples adapted from Ladd 2008): Vowels + All Consonants except Plain Stops (Metropolitan New York English) Bolinger, D. (1964). "Intonation: around the edge of language." Harvard Educational Review 34: 282-296. This phenomenon is indeed quite common, and it makes sense if you think about it in articulatory terms. EDIT: In response to comments below, here is an alternative analysis that can also capture the facts: Let's take the sequence /ns/. For most speakers, [n] and [s] are quite similar, if not the same, in terms of their place of articulation. But they differ in terms of manner and voicing. The nasal [n] is produced with a full oral closure, an open nasal passage, and voicing, while the fricative [s] is produced with only a partial oral closure, a closed nasal passage, and no voicing. As you noted, the prosodic word is not always equivalent to the morphological word or the orthographic word. For example, a prosodic word can often consist of a content word and a function word that cliticizes to it. For example, a Hebrew speaker may hear a stream speech and perceive it as [pka] while an English speaker might hear the same stream of speech and perceive it as [pə'ka], since Hebrew phonotactics allow syllable onset kt-clusters while English phonotactics don't. I hope at least part of this explanation clears things up for you a bit! Let me know if there is anything in particular that is still unclear and I will try to improve my answer. The "ripples on waves" (Bolinger 1964, Chao 1968) interaction that is observed in Mandarin is only one of several ways that lexical tone and utterance-level intonation may interact. One last note: even within a single language, some words may be difficult to syllabify and different linguists may infer different syllabifications, since different phonological tests may yield conflicting results. In some dialects of English, for example, syllable counts for words like hire and flour are notoriously difficult to pin down.