From a fuzzy logic point of view, there is only one difference, a probability is normalized to be zero to 100 percent, and a possibility is on an infinite scale. I think this is really representative of the general usage in a productive way, and is a better notion than considering quantity and quality distinct, or considering the more abstract model of possibility from modal logic. 

If you admit any kind of idealism you end up assuming mathematics has transcendental roots, in a Platonic sense. So of course, mathematics describes reality because reality is built upon the mind of God, or whatever your essentialist replacement is, and so are we. And if you assume total naturalism, but take a view of mathematics that makes abstract objects mental constructions, then mathematics describes reality because we are evolved to deal with reality, and mathematics is built upon our natural intuitions, which are honed over hundreds of thousands of years of adaptation. 

If that is, in fact, what mathematics is, it should not surprise us that when we dream up systems of possible physics and communicate them, they are composed of clear concepts we can reliably share. We have no choice but to base science on mathematics, as otherwise it would be either idiosyncratic, or impossible to communicate beyond a certain audience. I do not know Cantor's own argument on this account, so I have to skip over your first two questions. But modern mathematicians do not see the two as in any way related, with a few exceptions, although there have been attempts to wrap both up in a single overarching approach. 

But modern mathematics consists mainly of things that are not numeric, but are made up of sets of rules. 

From that angle the conventions you find so bizarre, are largely just that, conventions, if ones we worked out over generations, and are pretty much born into making. The idea that we can think of multiplication on the complex numbers as scaling and rotation has a lot to do with the relative paucity of our own simple models of motion, and not so much to do with independent reality. After all, we really wanted circular planetary orbits. When we want to model waves, we try hard to make sure they get expressed in terms of the components of a rotation. And when we decided to model particles, we 'found' they have rotational inertia, despite that their rotation has to be 720 degrees, and acts relatively little like actual rotation. Once you let the real awkwardness of that notion sink it, it seems to me like polar coordinates are a solution in search of a problem, not something that just happens to crawl out of so many niches. 

Also, if the situation is not symmetrical, the outcome is not uniformly distributed. Since measurement is never exact, a die is not perfectly symmetrical. So to some very fine level of detail, the odds for each side of the die are not equal. 

There is no point where repetition becomes proof. So more testing does not prove anything. 

In fact, since most logics are algebras in the UA sense, it is ambiguous whether the two are even different. So people seem to be looking for this structure inside Category Theory, which is just one of the three faces of Universal Algebra itself, a domain that, for all its theoretical power, finds limited real application. 

There is no instance of a straight line -- you can't draw one, you couldn't see if you did, etc., even in ordinary fictions. There is no instance of a number -- the collection of five things is not the number five, which cares nothing for the things it enumerates. There is no instance of all the permutations of a collection, there are only physical groupings that might represent the individual permutations -- otherwise, the permutations of the positions of atoms and the permutations of the roots of polynomials could not really be the same in the way that they are treated by Polya theory and Galois theory respectively. There are only representations of these things. 

Similarly this all 'exists' if our definition of existing is as naive as the notion of defining has to be to someone who would write a definition of 'definition' as the first entry in a lexicon. But criticism at that level of naivete is just bullying, not thought. I think that legal systems, and therefore the moralities they attempt to approximate, present a paraconsistent logic with only a local version of the law of non-contradiction in the same way that Intuitionism and other constructive mathematics present logics with only a local version of the law of the excluded middle (which applies, in those contexts, only when the options have been reduced to a finite number, or have been crowded in by proofs on all sides that reduce the problem to something essentially finite.) I think that we constantly imagine moral universes that are not logical. Our legal systems represent such things, and they work hard to attain logical consistency through continual refinement, yet they evolve more internal contradictions all the time. The distribution or probabilities proceeds from the symmetries in a situation and the fact that on a macroscopic level physics treats symmetrical situations symmetrically. The die has to come down on some side, and the process deciding this is symmetrical between sides. 

The Intuitionist form looks at mathematics as the oldest form of psychology: Starting from the Kantian base that space is an aspect of human understanding, and not of reality, the subject matter of mathematics in general is not what is real, but what we as humans can readily understand, and what we find interesting about the patterns in our world.