Get the "right" team - You must have a team comprised of competent people who have expertise in the specific technical areas required by the project Add a milestone that depends on the predecessor with a lag of five days and add that milestone as a predecessor to your Monday task. Successful delivery (Waterfall method) comprises the following key elements to the Five-point Plan (MarvTM) This is a long subject that I have previously documented for the benefit of my colleagues and others in this document: http://www.projectsmart.co.uk/practical-project-management-and-tracking-using-microsoft-project.html - Please feel free to use it at your leisure if it works for you. It is a bit out of date on some aspects of MS-P since they changed the working time screens in 2010 and I haven't got around to updating it, but the sections on predecessors and constraints, plus tracking and monitoring against a plan are very relevant to your question. Good luck! MS-Project works from a task-centric model, rather than a resource-centric model. Simply run and distribute copies of that view and you will have all the information you need and none of the start/finish dates or other columns you don't wish to appear. This is an absolutely classic example of misuse of constraints- The problem is that you have scheduled tasks to appear in a fixed order, nose to tail, by chaining them together since that, presumably is the broad-brush way things are scheduled for this delivery. But in the real world downstream tasks are often started before previous tasks are completed. This fundamentally breaks the scheduling rules you have applied, i.e. only start a later task when the previous one is 100% complete. Trying to then force MS-P to somehow deliver a sensible schedule results in more and more bludgeoning of the plan to try and make it fit. The act of moving it into the future means that there is more work for the project to do between now and completion, so completion could slip. It is this effect that you want to see correct? You will see, by looking at the Resource Usage, that each Resource's workload has been evenly spread over the entire duration for the task as required. The Summary tasks are only representations of the durations of their subtasks taking the available resource into account. You cannot limit Summary tasks in this way, it would make no sense. If you have one resource that has to do many tasks then MS-Project works out the durations of all the tasks they work on, on the basis that they can only do one thing at a time- therefore the tasks themselves have to stretch out in time to match how long it will take them to do things. When you have dependencies on other resources the same effect is amplified. This constraint makes sense when you have a task with any of the following characteristics: Manage the hell out of the project - I don't mean micromanagement, I mean: When you actually start working on a task, make sure its Start Date matches the date you actually started on it, not when MS-P happens to have scheduled it. It works for me, YMMV, and different methodologies, frameworks, manifestos and mindsets all have different (and probably equally valid) points of view!