Explaining terms at first use is a good thing. But don't forget a glossary where each term can be looked up. People tend to forget things, especially when they pause reading your book for one or two days. 

A non-technical test reader would be a helpful resource. Because of your knowledge you are blind for so many details, which you take for granted and couldn't believe that other do not know them. Listen to a test reader, what he does not understand, is the way to identify these blind spots. 

The last step is comparing the new with the old version. If you find out, that you edited this paragraph to death, use the old version ;) 

Translated by me by courtesy of Andreas Eschbach 

The 10 marking steps by Andreas Eschbach: 

Oh, and you need an index. There are too many technical books out there without an index. Unbelievable. 

Strike through the first paragraph of a scene from upper left to lower right. Think: Do you really need it? Often the first paragraph is used to "warming up" while writing. Could you put the info into later sections? Strike through all adjectives and adverbs Think: Can you use a more precise noun/verb instead using the adjectives/adverbs? Mark all dialog decorators (like he said, he replied, ...) with wavy lines. Think: Can you delete them without puzzling the user? Can you replace them with actions (instead of: "Are you sure?" asked Peter => use: "Are you sure?" Peter scratched his head. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.)? Mark filler words and imprecise words (some, quite, rather, several, few, ...) by drawing a box around them. Think: Normally you can just delete them or make them more precise (Only a few people ... => Only ten people ...) Cross out concurrency indicators (during, while, ...) Think: Often it could be better to write things that happen simultaneously in two different sentences: "She cried while he beat her." => "He beat her. She cried." Mark passive sentences with a small "P" above them. Think: Often the active form is better (more action): New Orleans was devastated by a hurricane. => The hurricane devastated New Orleans. Mark long sentences with an "L" above the sentence. Think: Make them shorter! No-one likes to read long sentences (except your English teacher in school maybe). Mark long dialogs with an "LD". Think: Can you shorten them or divide them into several parts? Mark indirect perception with a jagged line, like "watched" and "asked" in these examples: "He watched, how the woman crossed the street joining the spectators there. He asked himself, what was going on there." Think: Do you really need it? Why? Does this sound better: "He watched the spectators on the other side. Another woman crossed the street to join them. What was going on there?" Search paragraphs where you wrote the same thing with different wording. Mark it with wavy lines at the sheet margin: "She hit him a second time. Another time she stroke the club on his head." Think: This looks like you were searching for the right expression while writing. Nothing wrong with that, but only keep one of them. After you have done that, you have to edit your text according to these markings. Main goal: Deleting! Get rid of the crap! 

First print out your text (yes, you need it on paper). Pick a small text passage you can easily overview and go through all of the following 10 points with this passage. Then pick the next one. Use different colours for marking your text and for editing it.