Finally, I would check for wear on your chain and rear cog. The chainring looks fairly new, but I can't see the teeth on the cog in these photos. A worn chain could be the root cause of all your problems. 

Most chains are the same length when sold, with extra links discarded when the chain is fitted. Most bike shops have a bin of those offcuts and use them to replace broken links or if someone is especially poor they can stitch together a full chain out of the bits (it's very slow and many modern chains are not designed to be assembled without special joining pins). The problem is for people with folding bikes that often have longer than usual chains, as the standard size is frequently a few links sort of what they need. Recumbents obviously suffer from this to an even greater degree, taking between 2.5 and 3.5 chains. SRAM and others sell chain in rolls which mitigates this problem, but obviously you'd need to be using a lot of chain to justify buying it 100m at a time. All those tools require is that the chain moves through them. They do require the chain move through in a particular direction so you will probably find that you end up with the handle on the bike side of the chain rather than on the outside, which will be mildly inconvenient. But it beats not being able to clean your chain at all. 

You may find that chainring guards/guides help with that (decent metal ones, not plastic), they work both as bash plates and chain guides. You don't have much wrap on the rear cog. Derailleur bikes try for about 180 degrees, singlespeeds can get away with less because they have more chain tension. You don't have either. I had a chain tensioner like yours, and it sucked just like yours does. The question body makes it clear but the original title didn't, so just in case it's not obvious, if you have the tool upside down it will not work - there's a reservoir full of fluid at the bottom, if you invert it that won't hold the fluid. Here's what I do, I took the handle off and set it up so the rear derailleur is pulled forward far enough that the chain cleaner can rest on the mech rather than hitting the idler. That lets me pedal with one hand and have a hand free for wiping the chain, chainrings, idlers etc. I also find disposable gloves essential for this, there's no chain lube that's good for your skin. 

Wikipedia has a useful description and link to more detail. Key info: 

I replaced mine with a spring-loaded one. You should still try to increase the wrap if you do this. If you can take a link out of the chain that will help. You might even consider a half-link. A worn chain will ride up the teeth under pressure and if the tensioner isn't tight enough it will fall off. A new chain fixes that. likewise, a worn cog can drop the chain or if it's worn enough to have hooked teeth, a new chain can get caught up and you get rear-end chain suck (rare, and I can't imagine that getting enough force to shift your tensioner) you might be able to run the chain over it instead of under, to get more wrap. I couldn't do that because it hit my chainstays. Another option would be to see if you can get horizontal dropouts for your bike. Your dropouts are replaceable, and if you're lucky they offer both vertical and horizontal ones. Chainsuck. You have it/have had. I don't know if that happened before you switched to single speed, but it may indicate bent chainring teeth or bad chain alignment if it happened since you switched. Chainring guards will help here, or an anti-suck plate. But you shouldn't need either if the chainline is right and all the teeth are straight and not too worn.