I'm iffy about your flop bet-size. There are not many hands that you are worse than even-money with on that board. Represent the strength that you have so that your decisions later in the hand are easier. A half pot bet looks like you are just c-betting to c-bet. Ultimately though, your play makes your hand look very weak. Since you have under-represented your hand through the small bet on the flop and just calling the tiny turn, you can't give up on the river without more information on this villain. The reasoning behind this is, as John Dibling stated, cash games require more postflop play. That complication is forced into the game much more than any of the complications of high-level tournament play, and as such, average-level players must learn more to hold their own in cash games (while in tournaments, they can rely more on comparatively simple preflop decisions). Honestly, I prefer either a larger bet to maintain control of the hand, or a similar bet to the one you made, with the intent of 3-bet shoving. You're a coinflip with almost any legit hand in the villain's range (the hands that have you crushed are AA/KK/3x and all are fairly unlikely, both from the perspective of combinatorics and from the perspective of likelihood that a villain gets to the flop with them in this line). You gain value in the dead money when many of the hands you are flipping with fold to a flop 3-bet, and it more than offsets the loss for the times you are beat. I don't like the 3bet pre-flop with these cards. What was the goal with a 3bet here? Are you hoping to take the pot down pre-flop, folding to a 4 bet? I would check back the flop, hit my straight on the turn, and then bet bet bet. If you whiff on the turn and he bets, fold - otherwise check and hit your straight on the river. The rule of thumb I've always heard is that tournaments tend to end when there are around 10 big blinds left on the table. If a T or 9 comes, I'm ok with a thin value bet on the street that it comes out on. The flop is pretty coordinated - there's a flush draw, a straight draw for T9, and some gutshots for lower connectors. As the pre-flop aggressor, you can bet a wide range on this flop, and since he likely has a made hand, he's not going to go away for 1 bet. If you are going to bet this flop, you're going to have to fire at least another barrel on the turn, and possibly the river, if you want to win this pot unimproved. The reason we need opponent tendencies here is to come up with an accurate preflop range to call a 3 bet with. I would default it to JJ+, AQs+, AKo. Deep As stacks get deeper, lower speculative hands begin to drop in value. A set of 2s becomes less valuable - you will still make some money, but you will not get a 200+bb stack from 2 pair, or AA. Likewise, when you hit your flush with a low suited connector like 54s, and stacks go in, you are much more likely to be against a higher flush. So, in general, you can play a fairly wide range of hands when deep stacked, but you need to be able to get away from non-nut hands. Axs and Kxs have much more value than lower suited connectors. High pocket pairs have much more value than low pocket pairs. High connectors have mcuh more value than low connectors. Hands that are coolers with 100bb stacks are disasters with 300bb stacks. This is the concept of reverse implied odds.