The house doesn't use food - there are companies that provide energy to use in wires and pipes, giving us gas and electricity. The water also comes through a pipe, and we use some electricity or gas to heat it up. 

The more hot water you use, the more energy the house uses to keep it hot for you, and the more we have to pay these companies who feed the house its energy. 

You and your daughter have a relationship that's evolving and developing at a frightening pace. It might not seem like it day to day, but the changes she will experience over the next several years, and the emotional turmoil these changes will cause, should be at the front of your mind. You had to deal with this, and you likely recall many aspects of it that weren't positive. She needs you now more than ever. 

This means you can't rely on school or society's teachings regarding sexuality and relationships. If you let others teach her these things, you give them permission to set her standards and values - and given your concern, I'm guessing that's not acceptable to you. So you have to be proactive and let her know that her sexuality and relationships aren't bad, but that the things you value have sound reasons meant to protect her and strengthen her future relationships. 

At this point in time she does need to practice discipline over her body. In the same way you explain how eating affects the body and mind and give her the knowledge and power that allow her to decide appropriate eating habits, you should explain not just the fundamentals of her reproductive system, but how it will affect her mind and feelings, and how those feelings can sometimes encourage inappropriate behavior. She should understand that while she shouldn't try to suppress those feelings, she should try to direct them according to her value system so that she doesn't find herself in situations she doesn't want to be in. 

I don't know what you've taught her regarding private thoughts and feelings recorded in a journal. However if she finds out you've been using that to gain insight into her life, she will lose a lot of trust in you, and may even become paranoid. These would not be good for your relationship. 

So there's energy coming into the house, and it has the potential to provide light, heat, and motion, but until we connect it it's only potential. 

I think a lot of people are equating "discipline" to "punishment", when that isn't necessarily the case. 

Energy is potential. It gives us the ability to do something useful. 

Over the next several years, try to make it a point to consume entertainment with her that treads the line matching your values. Spend a lot of one on one time with her - she's still at an age where she would love to go out to walk in the park with you, or have a sundae together. Soon enough she won't want to, so develop patterns and habits with her now so she will continue to want this relationship with you, and so she will trust and listen to you because your love for her is obvious. 

Unfortunately your question doesn't tell us much about your values or parenting style, so I can only provide a few comments and possible directions you might go in. 

As such, you need to nurture this relationship. She needs your support and help. There will be some clashing or head butting, that's natural, but in every interaction you should consider how much you love her. 

The best way to do this is to develop a strong relationship with her, providing opportunities for you to convey your values, and, most importantly, your love and desire for her well-being. 

But barring exceptional circumstances, you should leave her diary alone. 

So unless you've already received information elsewhere that seriously concerns you, and she's already lost your trust and respect, then I'd suggest staying away from her private thoughts, and instead nurture the relationship you two already have so it becomes unnecessary anyway.