That said, though the language is very different, The Street Bible tells the same stories as the KJV and other Bibles. Reading it will therefore increase your understanding of the Bible, and allow you to make connections to the stories in the KJV or other translations. 

Steve Hays provides more detail in a subsequent response, calling the Quran's textual history "checkered" and expounding on contradictions between the early (Meccan) verses of the Quran and later (Medinan) ones: 

One argument of the Christian presuppositional apologists is that only the Bible is self-authenticating. Other sacred texts, like the Quran, are not. 

The answer to this question depends somewhat on the definition of "quoted," but we can draw some high-level conclusions. BlueLetterBible.org provides a list of New Testament citations and allusions to the Old Testament, and an examination of that dataset reveals the following: 

John Frame and Steve Hays deal with the issue similarly, in a response to a similar challenge: 

Blomberg's numbers vary somewhat from BLB's, but demonstrate that even with varying definitions of what a "quote" or "allusion" is, Matthew refers to the Old Testament significantly more than the other Gospel writers. 

Ultimately, however, the best approach is to compare a variety of translations and choose the one that is most comfortable for you. BibleGateway.com does not include The Street Bible, but it does allow side-by-side comparison between dozens of popular bible translations, such as more readable ones like the NLT and NIV and more literal ones like the NKJV and ESV. 

The Bible is currently being translated into thousands of languages, so the number is always changing. The Bible is also usually published in stages, so there are more languages with part of the Bible than the whole Bible. 

Many scholars think the Hebrew text behind the Septuagint is more likely to have been the original, and the Masoretic's longer text was developed from it. I've heard it suggested that the origin of the differences may actually be explained in the text itself: Jeremiah 36 describes the destruction of a scroll containing Jeremiah's oracles which he then rewrites. Jeremiah also uses two messengers, Baruch and Seraiah, to carry his messages to different directions. So the two versions of Jeremiah could have both been written by him, but at different times for different people. 

Wikipedia says that the Chicago Manual of Style specifies a colon while MLA style specifies a period, but only a tiny fraction of Bible verse references would be from people strictly following either style. More relevant to Biblical studies and theology, the SBL Handbook of Style uses colons. 

Of the Names and Number of the Canonical Books 

There's obviously a significant difference between these two in both translation philosophy and style. The Street Bible is a paraphrase that attempts to use "the language of the modern urban reader." On the other hand, the KJV is a fairly literal translation that uses Elizabethan English, which can be practically incomprehensible to some modern-day readers. 

John Frame and Steve Hays deal with the issue similarly, in a response to a similar challenge: 

Matthew's dominance is also confirmed by commentators. Craig L. Blomberg, writing in the Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament, writes: 

That said, though the language is very different, The Street Bible tells the same stories as the KJV and other Bibles. Reading it will therefore increase your understanding of the Bible, and allow you to make connections to the stories in the KJV or other translations. 

The answer to this question depends somewhat on the definition of "quoted," but we can draw some high-level conclusions. BlueLetterBible.org provides a list of New Testament citations and allusions to the Old Testament, and an examination of that dataset reveals the following: