move to another country that accepts you with the security that your own country will not deny you the possibility of travel. 

And for instances of it happenning historically, there are lots of it. One particular famous example where the Popular Fronts promoved to unite European leftist forces in the 30s, specially against the rise of fascism. In Spain, all of the "classical"1 main parties are the result of the union of several different existing parties. There are two possible positive interpretations, and the cynical one: There are currently talks trying to unlock this situation, and this is what the comments are related to. Your second link includes the following: 

move back to the country you are a citizen of whenever you want. Once art. 50 is invoked, there is a time limit. It means any blocking action by the UK will have due date, and that the EU will have the leverage of simply "letting the UK go" without any concessions after the two years, in case that the UK becomes a PITA. If you go follow to the [1] footnote from your link, you get: 

Then the follow up question is "why would the UK invoke art. 50 if it means giving away this advantage?" Here the answer is internal, if art. 50 is not invoked and there are not ongoing negotiations (because the EU won't agree without art. 50), people at home will begin claiming that Theresa May is not complying with the Brexit referendum and she will lose her support. A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. Once the UK exits the EU, all of the EU nationals residing in the UK will no longer have the automatic right of residence/work in the UK, as EU treaty obligations will no longer apply. In any case, I do not see any reference to violence in either of your links, and nobody seems to be talking about that possibility. The immediate danger is the collapse of the talks for the restablishment of NI government. 

Elected officials, on the other hand, are not going against democratic structures if they exercise their veto powers. 

A Constitutional Commission will be set up to draft a written constitution. The Church of England should be disestablished and the monarchy should no longer have formal legislative, executive or judicial roles. The monarch of the United Kingdom is, as are most contemporary monarchies, a historical artefact, with little (if any) political power, their role is largely ceremonial. Refusal of royal assent is rarely exercised any more, and the main reason is, as you suspected, respect for democracy. Conversely, the last time royal assent was refused in the UK was in 1708, when Queen Anne vetoed the Scottish Militia Bill. 

The guillotine is a common name for allocation of time motions2. The House of Lords will be reformed to become a fully elected body chosen by proportional representation. 

The only political party with official representation in government that supports and even calls for the removal of monarchy is the Green Party of England and Wales. A summary of their positions on the monarchy can be found in the party's 2005 General Election manifesto: 2 Asylum seekers and refugees are covered by other international laws. 

The issue with that is that bombing is not enough, you need troops (yours or allied) in the terrain and to commit to a stabilization process, with allies like either Assad's Syria or the notably unreliable Iraq. Look a Libia for an example of what could go wrong. Once the UK exits the EU, all of the EU nationals residing in the UK will no longer have the automatic right of residence/work in the UK, as EU treaty obligations will no longer apply. 

The cynical interpretation is that politicians must show that they have a response, even if they do not have one (or they have one but are unwilling to commit themselves to it because it involves painful or unpopular decisions). 

Knowing that they have a great leverage on the UK Government, the DUP decides to sabotage the talks in the hope that, in case of a crisis developing and political changes being needed, the UK Government will side with their interests. There are currently talks trying to unlock this situation, and this is what the comments are related to. Your second link includes the following: 

move to another country that accepts you with the security that your own country will not deny you the possibility of travel. 

Once art. 50 is invoked, there is a time limit. It means any blocking action by the UK will have due date, and that the EU will have the leverage of simply "letting the UK go" without any concessions after the two years, in case that the UK becomes a PITA. And for instances of it happenning historically, there are lots of it. One particular famous example where the Popular Fronts promoved to unite European leftist forces in the 30s, specially against the rise of fascism. In Spain, all of the "classical"1 main parties are the result of the union of several different existing parties. 

The general situation in Ireland can be condensed as follows: