In a syntactic structure, what matters are not primarily the precise lexical classes - these can already be encoded in the tree by differentiating between node labels AdvP, PP, NP etc. Rather, what is relevant in syntactic considerations is what role a constituent plays in a sentence. The reason why it is called adverbial is because they behave the same as adverbs. They occur in all the same positions, they make all the same kind of modifications, and if it wasn't for the lexical categories they consist of, you couldn't tell any syntactic difference between an actual adverb phrase and a general adverbial phrase. This makes adverbial a useful coverterm for "everything which behaves like an adverb (= adverbial)", which is at the same time more specific than the terms modifier or adjunct, which can as well refer to, e.g., PPs or AdjPs modifying an NP by adjunction, which I would not call adverbials. As for the labels, I don't find the graph you showed too inaccurate. (Interestingly, the descriptions I chose are almost identical to your picture - it seems like the classical definitions of the fields are very persistent.) One might argue whether "speech sounds" precisely captures what phonetics is about in contrast to phonology, the addition of "speech" is very important here. As for syntax, one can decide to drop "sentences" if one assumes that sentences are also just kinds of phrases, but this is hairsplitting. I do agree with the summar "literal meaning" as opposed to "meaning in context of discourse". Eventually, this is what usually separates the two fields: While semantics is interested in a precise account of the meaning of linguistic entities as they are, it doesn't quite care about what could be there "between the lines". Subjects of linguistics that raise questions concerning speaker's intentions, dynamics of conversation, linguistic economy etc. have established as a field on their own, while there obviously is still a close connection between research in semantics and pragmatics. (For example, presupposition theory is usually regareded as an issue of pragmatics, but the way it is handled, it is actually a very semantic topic.) And pragmatics did take a long time to establish as a field on its own (one of my professors used to say "There is no such thing as pragmatics, there's good semantics and there's bad science." I won't attempt to comment on that here.) The element that is reponsible for when this distinction comes into play is probably best described as the "context of discourse", leaving semantics as the field concerned with the non-contextually-modified, more literal meaning, so I'd agree on these lables as long as I don't find anything better. The underlying syntax tree for this sentence can be represented as: Both operations involve moving a head from one position to another. But affix hopping is assumed to occur at a different level (or different "mind component") than head movement. What is the fundamental difference that makes linguists classify these two apparently similar kinds of movements as two very distinct operations? In English and other Germanic languages, noun compounds are formed simply by “appending” the nouns in a certain order. For example, phrases like this are very common: Here, the suffix -s (that indicates third person, singular, present tense) has been taken from its original position and then attached to the end of the verb, producing the form kicks. which can be syntactically represented as: In this case, the auxiliary will has been moved from its original position to become attached to the null complementizer that marks a question. Jean embrasse souvent Marie (French, pro-drop: off, verb-attraction: on) Head movement is another operation, by which the head of a phrase is moved (in fact, copied) from its original position to another one. This is a syntactic operation. An example of head moving for a question in English: But even if this correlation does hold cross-linguistically, how does it relate to the need for prepositions? Maybe prepositions help avoiding ambiguities when the adjectives are postnominal? Could it be related to processing preferences? However, I don't understand what you mean by "I have to remove "dem Lehrer das Buch" to become adjunctions to Verb Phrase (VP)" Where do you remove them from? I also think they should not be adjuncts, but arguments, since geben is a three-place verb and the direct and the indirect objects are obligatory (if you left them out, the sentence would be ungrammatical), so you shouldn't merge them with the VP by adjunction; rather, they should be included in the VP. S as the root of a sentence is a rather old assumption that is rejected my most modern linguists and is only used for simplification when a detailled analysis of what a sentence constitutes is not relevant (e.g. when explaining how phrase structure grammars work in general, or in very simple "toy grammars" to demonstrate parsing algorithms in computer science/NLP). When not immediately related to natural language syntax, but for the description of formal languages (such as {anbn : n ∈ ℕ}, i.e. the language consisting of all possible sequences of aaaaa...bbbbb... where there are just as many a's as there are b's) with phrase structure grammars, which has its use mostly in computer science and mathematics, S is still the convention for the root label, but usually thought of as an abbreviation for "start symbol" rather than "sentence".