It looks fairly likely this story was invented around the turn of the 21'st Century. 

Note that none of this is my own research, but rather a compilation of others' I found at the following places: How hard this was pushed is another matter though. I did find that Ticino was the source of rather a lot of unrest from the mid to late 19th Century*. Once Mussolini came to power, this got wrapped up in Republican vs. Fascist politics. The Fascists went so far as to stage a march on Bellinzona in 1934. However, they faded away to nearly nothing soon after that. 

The party was formed from the remnants of the previous pro-business party, the Whig Party, when that party split over the expansion of slavery into the territories in the early 1850's. 

Now to be sure there was a foreign policy dispute between the new parties. For various reasons, after the French Republic was declared the Federalists tended to be much more supportive of the English side in the subsequent wars, while the Democratic-Republicans tended to be more sympathetic to the French. However, that was not what induced the founding of the two parties. So after the War of 1812, the USA and the British agreed to simplify the border on the west side of the Great Lakes at the 49th parallel. Again, native nations still controlled most of this area. The borders to the East where both sides had cities remained at more natural boundaries. (Hint; I may be of Irish ancestry). (Hint 2: I'm trying to go over the top for humorous value; I mean no offense to anyone but Cromwell and Napoleon, and I'm relatively sure they won't take offense). 

The 9th and 10th were designed to limit the growth of the government. I have given in to my weaker loquacious side and allowed this answer to become a tar baby, incorporating many topics that are only tangential to the OP. The summary is that bicameralism is one of many governmental architectures designed to incorporate stakeholders, foster deliberation and slow consensus. Although it was a tool familiar to the founders, they considered a wide variety of models of government, including explicitly the Iroquois, the Polish, the Roman and the English. 

It appears that authoritarian governments can employ strong economic policies to kickstart capitalism and raise prosperity. Both Japan and China have done this successfully. Of course the same policy can fail as has happened repeatedly. There are ideological arguments whether that is sustainable – some would argue that the current Japanese economic problems arise from governmental vetoes on normal economic corrective activities. I think there are more developmental economists studying this problem than there are countries in the dataset. In current practice, states delegate this task to their own state election boards, which have specific rules that have to be followed (as per that state's laws). For instance, in my own state of Oklahoma, parties get to pick their nominees, but a party only gets a line on the ballot if it received 10% of the vote in the last major election. This makes Oklahoma one of the toughest states in the country to get on the ballot. 

* - The "faithless elector" who voted for Reagan instead of Ford in 1976 did an interview on Ken Rudin's Political Junkie podcast #158, and admitted he would not have done so if the vote had been close. 

There was however one interesting incident of mass-faithlessness. In the 1872 election one of the major-party POTUS candidates, (apparently as a gift to us US history nuts) died after electors were chosen but before they could cast their votes. He'd only gotten 66 electors (nowhere enough to challenge U.S. Grant), but all but three ended up voting for other people. Under the circumstances, rather than tar those electors as "faithless", it may be right to look further askance at the 3 who remained faithful and voted for the dead guy. Contrast this with the less wealthy former colonies in the New World, like most of the former French and Spanish colonies. In their case, the colonial drive was mostly economic, not demographic. So rather than rebuilding their home societies with their own people, the colonizers just sent over the bare minimum amount of their citizens required to exploit the resources of the colony. 1) Long before Rome fell it had abandoned Republicanism. After Diocletian and the Crisis of the Third Century the Emperors no longer felt any need to consult with the Senate. The Senate's role in government and in the legitimacy of the Empire was symbolic. This is the first flaw in the question - the transition between Republic and Monarchy occurred during the Roman Empire. On the other hand if you're a bog dwelling mouth breathing revisionist historian, then the official view is that Cromwell surpasses sliced bread, and only falls short of sainted Napoleon by a thin margin. Prosperity Nobody is happy with the established definitions of prosperity; they are only distinguished by the fact that they are the least bad of the known alternatives. (I’m going to ignore the Nepalese efforts to measure “Gross National Happiness”, and Marxist exchange entitlements and a hundred other metrics). We could measure prosperity by long term positive trend in GDP or in long term positive trend in per-capita GDP. I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I strongly suspect that this choice will define the answer. If we measure by per-capita GDP then I strongly suspect that we’re measuring a participatory measure of economic power against a participatory measure of political power. I am willing to bet my lunch that there is a positive correlation between those two factors. If on the other hand we measure against total GDP, then we have a fascinating question. In fact, I think that is the question that OP is really seeking.