The problem was that the World War I airplanes were mostly fighters, not bombers. The role of "bombers" was discovered after the war. The second problem was that while tanks were introduced during World War I, they were then used as mobile infantry, not mobile artillery, because they didn't have the "cavalry" or Blitzkrieg capabilities that made them so effective in World War II. Under those circumstances, successful "side attacks" were infrequent, costly, and historical footnotes. As I understand it, there were two types of sieges. One was where the attacking army would "camp," surrounding the city, and let the defenders run out of food. An example was Ulysses S. Grant's siege of Vicksburg. At the battle of Zama, which army had a higher proportion of native troops? Within the context of this question consider troops to be either "native" or "mercenary". Native troops serve out of allegiance, while mercenary troops serve based on compensation. The Japanese distinguished themselves in combat against poorly armed Chinese, badly trained "colonial" (not elite) British and Dutch forces, and unprepared American forces. This was true even for Japanese units equipped with World War I vintage weapons. There were a few reasons. First, those two countries had the longest coastlines of any hispanic South American country (Brazil was Portuguese.) Second, they had more English (read "naval") influences than the other Latin American countries. (Chile had Admiral Cochrane, for instance.) Third, it was easier for either country to project naval power to Peru; Chile, obviously, Argentina through the Straits of Magellan, with the ability to resupply in Chile. Of course, their navies could go to the north Pacific as well. One of the things that made it possible, if risky, to do this with relatively small numbers was that the Panzer division commanders didn't worry about maintaining a continuous front line. They were willing to be isolated inside enemy territory, provided they could remain mobile, because they reckoned that they could move faster than troops could be brought into position to fight them. Oswald's Sharpshooter badge seems to have been all he earned. For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services. This did not continue, of course, but even so extremism was not prevalent at the time and in-fighting among both Christian and Muslim rulers was very common. In such cases, rulers looking for mercenaries were not necessarily going to be fussy about the religion of those they hired. Also, when the Normans became a power in southern Italy, it was at the expense of both Christian and Muslim rulers. S. Runciman A History of the Crusades: vol 1 O'Brian also notes that British ships were sometimes built In Patrick O'Brian's 'Men-of-War', it says (apparently referring to around the time the Victory was built [1759-65]), The Maginot line was started in 1929 and covered only the France-Germany border. The Ardennes forest was considered impenetrable and was thus not protected. Also in Spain, M. Florian in History of the Moors of Spain recounts the following (author's orginal spellings retained): The US Balao-class and Gato-class submarines had enough provisions to stay on patrol for 75 days. Information on other long-range submarines has proved hard to find. If one accepts El Cid (c.1043-1099) as a knight (he was certainly a noble and and C.M. Yonge claims that he was knighted by King Ferdinand I of Leon), then he would be another example: El Cid may have been involved in the Battle of Graus (1063) at which 300 Castilian knights fought on the side of Ahmad al-Muqtadir, ruler of the Islamic taifa of Zaragoza, against the Christian Ramiro I of Aragon. However, it is unclear if they were there as mercenaries or as allies. Note: All the figures cited for fighter planes refer to operational planes. It seems fair to assume that the number of operational fighters was not hugely different from the number of available pilots. S. Lane-Poole The Moors in Spain Further west, the ability of Muslims, Christians and Jews to live together in peace up to the 10th century is well-illustrated by Spain: Christian soldiers (unclear if this reference includes knights) serving a Muslim ruler prior to the Crusades is also mentioned by Hussein Fancy in The Mercenary Mediterranean Were there any submarines of other navies (British, German, Japanese, Russian) which could stay at sea longer than this without being resupplied? Did navies during WW2 have regulations as to how many days a submarine could remain at sea without sailors getting shore leave?