On September 25, 1939, Stalin suggested to German ambassador the exchange of Lithuania for areas near Lublin and east of Warsaw. (Weinberg, p. 59) 

Danzig was a strategic port, well connected to industrialized regions (central and western Poland). So it was by far a main Polish overseas trade route. It would be uneconomical to replace it by Lithuania or Latvia: the transport route existing there was poor and connected to the similarly poorly industrialized eastern Poland. 

A widely cited figure is "500,000 sq mi of Russian territory" occupied by Nazi Germany, but it does not seem plausible because of the imprecise choice of wording. 

Of course I assume that Baltics and (parts of) Finland are excluded from your question, as they could be hardly called "Soviet people" after just a year or so of occupation. 

Additional fact was that the Hitler's proposition was soon mirrored. Stalin proposed to send troops to "help" Poland against Germany. This was similarly rejected, as it would lead to Poland becoming a Soviet satellite state (as predicted by Poland; again Lyons). 

Churchill promptly visits Roosevelt for "ARCADIA" conference in December 1941 and they start discussions. Italy is the weakest member of Axis team, can all Allies concentrate on them first? No way. Well then, Japan? Not so good, both Britain and USSR are weak on the Pacific (The World War II Conferences, pp. 17-40). Well then, mainland Europe? Obvious bold yes expected from USSR, but US and Britain are too weak yet (for 1942 and 1943 plans, see Operation Sledgehammer and Operation Roundup respectively, US Army in WW II, pp. 8-10). Roosevelt knows US public is more against Japan but would ok'd anti-German war. Maybe Roosevelt thinks that Germany would dominate USSR, maybe he doesn't - it's irrelevant to my answer. What is relevant, the USSR is fighting Nazi Germany as of now. 

The Allied invasion on Sicily follows as a logical consequence, so does the Allied invasion in Normandy. 

The stated reason for the exchange was the public "explanation" of Soviet invasion, which tied it with protection of minorities (Ukrainians or Belorussians, the ethnicities prominently present in Soviet Union) and there were no such in the Lublin area or Warsaw area. (Marples, p. 108) 

Wikipedia says (without providing a reference), that in course of Operation Barbarossa Germany captured 1.3 mln km2 until the end of 1941 plus a maximum of 0.65 mln km2 later. That would be a total of 1.95 mln km2. 

Further considering scenario of a Soviet-Polish war, Poland had no illusions that Germans could and would stop themselves before "securing the rights of German minority in the failing Polish state much troubled by the current war" as it seems was customary at the time. Even if Poland entered that scenario as an independent state, the predicted outcome would be it would end as either German or Soviet satellite. 

Humans and some animals (this is male thing in most cases) very much like to risk our own comfort and our own life in a kind of pre-staged situations. Historically, primary example of this is an armed conflict. This need is so strong and prevalent, that even in modern times, when we are educated enough to surely predict that innocent bystanders (even women and children!) would get hurt, from time to time we cannot stop ourselves, which by the way pretty much makes us a bunch of quite murderous beasts, doesn't it? Well, too bad, but to the point. 

I accept that militarily the threat to Australia was over in 1944, so the question is how was it politically & diplomatically possible, not how was it possible militarily. 

De Gaulle had no monarch, virtually no armed forces, no access to funds (beyond what the British allowed him) and no territory. For his project to succeed he had to create and encourage the idea that a legitimate French state existed beyond Vichy. He could only do so by projecting his personality and by acting - even from the tiniest beginnings - the role of the world statesman. 

The biography of Adam von Trott A Good German by Giles MacDonogh has a chapter on Bose and his involvement with nazi Germany in the 1930s and 1940s. 

However Germany in 1945 was not any normal defeated power. It was allowed no voice in the settlement of its borders. Its utter defeat and devastation was of course one reason why it could not contest the settlement. For a long time after May 1945 there simply wasn't a state of Germany either practically or legally. This was one reason why the allied powers dismissed and arrested the Flensburg government (the government which continued to function - after a fashion - after Hitler's death). It emphasised that German statehood was now null and void. 

Beevor does little to restrain himself in wording and language, sometimes attempting to attribute hate speech to unnamed witnesses. In many cases he makes collective accusations against Red Army soldiers: 

Well, I own the Lesser Soviet Encyclopedia (1958) and it still blames the both sides. 

There was just no possibility that Germany could spin out of control after WWII. 

Further they postulate that 90% raped (i.e. 90% of all women engaged with Russians) conducted abortion. This way they multiply 1156 by 10 to arrive at 11560 "raped". 

Besides this, the book is full of details which have no historical relevance such as descriptions of the "out-of-body" experiences of the victims: 

In fact, it is a reference to a book by German feminists Helke Sander and Barbara Johr "Befreier und Befreite: Krieg, Vergewaltigung, Kinder". The Beevor's reference hints that the estimates are by the hospitals and only quoted by Johr abnd Sander, which is untrue. The reference is thus a forgery. 

Started as aggressive, imperialistic war between capitalist powers, the Second World War, for the countries fighting against Germany and her fascist-alliance-mates, had developed later into a just, liberating, anti-fascist war. The decisive factor which determined the transformation of the Second World War from the side of the adversaries of Germany into liberating, just war was the entry into it of the Soviet Union who suffered the treacherous attack by the Hitlerist Germany (...)