This particular user has repeatedly rolled back edits made to his posts, some of them being moderator edits. He has left comments claiming that it is his right to post whatever supplementary text he wants on his answers, and that we are persecuting him for his religious beliefs. He has also misused moderator flags making these claims, and in general has wasted everyone's time. It's almost certain that your question isn't really "teach me how to use 'stdin' with fread," which would be off-topic anyway. That Agile page seems to suggest that this is a geography demographics problem; i.e. all of the good developers live in states where they're not in demand. Is that how you see it? Do the developers in those states need to move? When we evaluate a question for closure, we evaluate the question only, not the answers it receives. Ideally, deletion voters consider the value of both the question and the answers before casting their delete vote. In this particular case, it would seem that the community did not find sufficient value in either the question or its answers for the post to escape deletion. Let's clear up a few things, shall we? The proper and correct use of votes is to evaluate a question or answer's usefulness and clarity, and that is the way that people should be using their votes. That said, users can use their votes however they wish, so long as they are not committing voter fraud. Despite the fact that troubleshooting questions are asked all the time on Stack Overflow, the truth is that these questions are not all that interesting to the experts on the site, and they're even less interesting when it is not evident what the solution to a highly-specific troubleshooting problem is. There are a few things I don't understand about your most recent blog post. This is especially true when the question gives all appearances of being thoroughly researched and thought-out, but it becomes apparent that lengthy troubleshooting and analysis needs to be performed. It's a question that, at the end of the day, amounts to "this doesn't work, can you tell me why?" Or, worse, "Can you troubleshoot this for me and tell me why it's broken, or provide me code that does work?" First of all, Stack Exchange is not a free-speech platform. Anyone who makes this claim does not understand what "free speech" means. Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one's opinions and ideas using one's body and property to anyone who is willing to receive them. It does not mean that you have the right to voice your opinions using tools and platforms that do not belong to you. Stack Exchange is a privately-owned company; ultimately, they (and the user community) gets to decide what material gets posted to their websites, and what material gets removed. Most of the experts here would have to perform the work that you should have undertaken yourself, which is to trace through the code, examine its behavior, and through the deductive process and a process of self-education, come up with a fix. That's part of your job as a programmer. Our job is to help you facilitate that work, not perform the work for you. Your link, asserting that there are five open jobs for every qualified developer is to a page describing a gap of Agile programmers. Is it that it's hard to find Agile developers, or that it's hard to find all developers? If employers are clamoring for the same small pool of talent, I haven't seen it. Either they're not trying very hard, or I don't have what they're looking for. Because you created an account, did a search for questions that might have some relevance to your product, and pasted your advertisement there. In other words, we are here to teach you how to fish, not to fish. In the absence of any effort to learn what the site is actually about, and make an attempt to provide some content that could be of value to others (other than being an advertisement), we generally just delete such accounts.