Since Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe that Jesus is God, how do they explain Thomas's exclamation, and Jesus's response? Matthew Poole (d. 1679) applies the passage to both mother and child, but leaves the status of early fetuses as ambiguous: Many biblical examples of this type are suggested, including the rich young ruler (Matthew 19), Demas (2 Timothy 4), and the merchants of Amos 8. Defenders of this view point to New Testament passages referring to Jesus in similar ways, such as John 1:1, Hebrews 1:3, 1 Peter 1:20 and Colossians 1:15–18. Hoekema, relying on Hendriksen, also argues that using the phrase "all Israel" to describe an end-times conversion: This identification is crucial, because it helps identify when Christ will return: Calvinists see the "whole world" in this passage as referring to the elect throughout the world, particularly emphasizing that Christ died for Gentiles as well as Jews. In defense of this position, proponents argue that the surrounding context necessitates interpreting "Israel" as the Jewish people. As C. E. B. Cranfield writes, The reference to the Septuagint here is necessary because Augustine was using a version of the Bible that did not accurately reflect the meaning of the original Hebrew text. The Septuagint, translated into English, reads: There are three principal interpretations of this passage among Protestants and Catholics. "All Israel" might refer to: Exposition We can dive a bit deeper into the analysis of one Reformed theologian to get a better understanding of the rationale for this view. Simon Kistemaker (Exposition, 253–255), referring to the oft-cited "sufficient for the whole world but efficient for the elect" language, agrees with Calvin that while this is true, it is not in view here (see Calvin's commentary). He argues: This view was not entirely foreign to writers of the 19th century. Methodist Adam Clarke (1760–1832) critiques the church fathers as finding "allegorical meanings every where," though he too applies Wisdom in verse 3, "She crieth at the gates," to Christ, his apostles, and their successors.7 Interpretation by Jehovah's Witnesses All that said, Jehovah's Witnesses apply a particular interpretation to the feet of the image, connecting them to "Anglo-America" (as shown here). This then has significant implications for the eschatology of Jehovah's Witnesses. Lying to Pharaoh The idea that the midwives lied to Pharaoh in verse 19 is contested by Clarke. He writes: In Matthew 24:14 (cf. Mark 13:10), Jesus says: The statuses of the first and fourth groups are quite obvious, while the second and third are worth further investigation in light of the question: If both of these soils refer to "people who were never saved to begin with," as reformed commentators believe, what is the point of the distinction? It is to show and warn against two ways that people fail to properly respond to the Gospel.