The adjectives drunk and angry in the examples in the question are more accurately characterized as depictive adjuncts. They depict the state of a participant during the process expressed by the verb. Depictive adjuncts are typically predications over the subject. The verbal quality of found in the example can be seen in the fact that reduced relative clauses like found dead on the southern Spanish coast allow an analysis in terms of ellipsis. One can construe the words that was as having been elided: A whale (that was) found dead on the southern Spanish coast was... The verbal quality of found is also visible in the fact that true adjectives cannot be modified by adjuncts such as on the southern Spanish coast, e.g. *A whale enormous on the southern Spanish coast... Further, when attributive adjectives modify nouns, they usually precede the noun in English, e.g. an enormous whale. The fact that the passive participle follows the noun that it modifies is thus a further indication that it is more verb-like than adjective-like. At other times, it seems that word order is in fact decisive. For instance, one can make a strong case that simple precedence is the/a main factor that is determining the scope of negation and thus impacting where negative polarity items (NPIs) can appear, e.g. Jlawler's comment contains the direct answer to the question. Definite personal pronouns (I/me, you, he/him, she/her, it, we/us, they/them) cannot take a restrictive modifier. In other words, they cannot take a dependent that narrows the set of entities that they denote. This trait of personal pronouns underlies their use as test words for constituent structure. For example: Perhaps the most widely discussed type of examples where one can see that word order is not determining scope possibilities occurs with quantifiers, e.g. Every boy has a crush on some girl. Sentences like this one are ambiguous despite the fact that the one quantified expression precedes (and c-commands) the other. The universal quantifier every can take wide scope, which means we are talking about numerous girls, or the existential quantifier some can take wide scope, which means we're talking about just one girl (she must be very desirable indeed). Concerning the example sentences in the question, linear order is apparently not impacting the scope of the modal elements in relation to each other in a clear way. What is impacting the relative positions of the modal adverb and modal verb is intonational prominence. Modal adverbs prefer to immediately follow an intonationally weak auxiliary verb rather than immediately precede it. Thus the order in the first sentence in the question is fine because have to is not an auxiliary: Interestingly, however, the nature of the primary predicate can impact the ability of a secondary predicate to bear presupposition. Consider the predicate 'say' in this regard: The direct answer to the question(s) is that acceptability judgments exist on a cline. There is more than one principle that influences the choice of subject. When these principles conflict, acceptability is degraded to a greater or lesser degree. Consider the following datum from German: The examples given in the question are not examples of resultative adjuncts. Resultative adjuncts give the result of an action, e.g. The phenomenon exists in both French and English because these two languages satisfy the two criteria mentioned (mainly loss of case). Whether the phenomenon is borrowed from French into English is unclear, but influence does seem likely. Since one is likely to spend a couple of years working on a dissertation, the subject matter has to be something that one finds really interesting. Without the inspiration, one can flounder for years trying to complete the project. It is not a conincidence. There are concrete observable criteria that can be acknowledged for predicting when the division between the two pronoun classes might occur: loss of case and cooccurrence with a finite verb. In the example sentence from the question, i.e. Alex stopped playing the piano, two separate predicates are clearly present, namely 'stop' and 'play'. Of these two, 'stop' is the primary predicate and 'play' is the secondary predicate. When the primary predicate is negated, it impacts the truth associated with the primary predicate only; the negation has no impact on the truth of the secondary predicate: Finally, note that there are certain apparent exceptions to the principles mentioned above. There are uses of personal pronouns that actually allow modification, e.g.