The form of the reasoning is this: The third premise is also false; otherwise clinical psychiatrists are either insane or engaged in a futile endeavor. There does not appear to be a way to square this circle, one has to accept Leibniz's or Augustine's alternative (or both) and deal with the downsides. Option 2) looks more consistent, but it is rarely embraced, at least not openly. Perhaps, for "public relations" reasons it is more attractive to dismiss the question with something like "this is beyond us" or change the subject to the free will. […] There are incomplete objects. For example, the gold mountain is not determinate with respect to any properties except for its goldness and its mountainhood… There are supposed to be objects that don't exist. These will simply be sets of properties that aren't the correlates of any individuals… There are impossible objects, for example, the round square. This object may be represented by {roundness, squareness}. The round square happens to be incomplete, but there are complete impossible objects too. The wave function is neither deterministic, nor random, nor a "mixture" of the two (see Bell's inequalities). We get a model for events that provably can not be split into a mixture of chance and necessity along the Hobbesian lines envisioned by the dilemma. Free will does not have to operate anything like quantum evolution of course, the point is that combinations of chance and necessity do not exhaust logical possibilities, the two can be entangled in unsplittable ways. But we know of at least one type of processes, where the Hobbesian split can not be accomplished, quantum evolutions. I am not suggesting quantum mechanics as a physical model of volition (but such suggestions were made, by Compton using macroscopic amplification of quantum effects, and Penrose using hypothetical "quantum gravity"), or even saying that it is a "complete" description of reality. But it is a model where the wave function "is all there is" by definition, and it is self-consistent if set theory is. Note The above description is neither historically correct nor does it give full justice to the corresponding positions. However, I preferred to give a description of idealistic positions which still includes its rough edges, as a contrast to the "why should we care" position of fictionalism. Edit Maybe the downvote is justified. I now tried to track down references for the critique of logical positivism expressed above. So far, the best source seems to be the critique of Ernst Mach's idea that a physical theory should only contain quantities which can be observed. The problem here is that it is unclear to which extend logical positivism subscribes to Ernst Mach's idea. Werner Heisenberg was confronted with that critique in 1926 by Albert Einstein (see Werner Heisenberg "Der Teil und das Ganze" Kapitel 5), but that doesn't mean that Einstein is the original author of that critique. Interestingly enough though, that critique cannot be applied to the original Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics, since it explicitly accepts and uses classical physics as the mean to describe observations, i.e. empirical data. (Not sure whether this means that the original Copenhagen interpretation is not positivistic.) There is good evidence that we can avoid partially undefined operations in most practically relevant cases, if we are willing to cope with infinity. But what about the opposite? Can we avoid infinity in most practically relevant cases, if we are willing to cope with partially undefined operations? The wikipedia article on modal algebras says There were at least three different idealistic positions regarding the existence of mathematical objects: There are multiple closely related representation theorems for Heyting algebras. First note that a Heyting algebra is bounded and distributive as a lattice, and every bounded distributive lattice can be represented as the set-algebra of clopen upper sets of its associated Priestley space. In case of a Heyting algebra, this associated Priestley space is an Esakai space, which is a Priestley space for which the downward closure of each clopen set is clopen. There are also representation theorems for bounded distributive lattices and Heyting algebras using pairwise Stone spaces instead of Priestley spaces, and representation theorems using spectral spaces. Vinko Vrsalovic suggested about this paragraph that it's the same or equivalent to "It is inconsistent as seen from a logical framework." to quote Lennart Regebro's answer. I disagree. Consider this example: I have the power to jump off a high building, cut my wrists and crash my car into a wall at 100 MPH. But I don't do these things because I chose not to. Or suppose I had the ability to tread water forever. That doesn't mean I must always demonstrate that power. Or to put things another way, God has the power to break the rules of logic, but for whatever reason doesn't. Whatever his purposes may be, they do not include the need to make a stone he cannot move. The idea that anyone could take on a different form than their own is nonsensical within Platonic thought2. A god attempting to become a man is the equivalent of attempting to "draw a circle that is square" as Cody Gray suggests in the comments to the question. But Paul is trying to express an idea about God that is completely novel: a god that has power to change even his own form. Elsewhere, Paul admits this concept of God appears foolish.