All of this has led me to conclude that an author can pause the story and speak directly to the reader, as long as the passages are short, to the point, and do not overwhelm the story, but add to it. That being said, I believe there are cases where this practice is fine. C.S. Lewis and E. Nesbit did it frequently in their books, and I was never bothered by it. On the contrary, I found it to only add to the story being told. I do believe that continuing to speak directly to the reader does hurt the novel, but in my experience, I've found short, to-the-point lines directly from the author to the reader only help the story. I myself have done this briefly, and my readers never mentioned it. Even J.K. Rowling does it occasionally. Sentence number 2 omits the whole phrase, not just the object. "On it" certainly adds explanation, but you can get away without it. Remember when I talked about strength? Put that at risk. If the hero's strength is an inherent part of who he is, you are no longer simply threatening to destroy his life. You are threatening to destroy him, and the very reason the reader cares about him. That makes your reader heavily invested in your novel. I like to think of inner conflict as something that pulls the protagonist in two opposite directions at the same time, usually surfacing as a battle between what is needed and what is desired. However, it can also surface as a battle between two needs, neither of which are desired. (Having it surface as a battle between two desires, neither of which are needed, generally doesn't work so well.) For example, the protagonist may need to make a choice between two unpleasant choices. Or he may need to make a choice between keeping what he loves and doing what is right. Or a choice between honoring his code or doing what is needed. The problem here is that repetitive telling - while okay in short bursts - is dry, often hard to understand (if you can't describe the moves well enough), and eventually boring if it continues the length of most fights. On top of that, the fight by itself rarely adds anything to the story, unless the moves themselves are central to the plot. The trick to fix this is to focus on the character doing the fighting, and not the fight itself. This makes the fight more personal because you can see the protagonist's thoughts as he fights (which prevents it from being dry and boring), and also can do something for the story, as the character can realize things and make decisions during a fight he otherwise wouldn't. If a particular move is hard to explain, you can simply leave it up to the reader's imagination, and focus on the thoughts of the fighter instead: Characters. You have to make us care about the characters. ETA: Ask yourself why YOU care. That's probably why we'll care, too. I don't think there is a precise interpretation of italics. The idea of 'emphasis' is as close to their effect as I can get. If you were reading the sentence aloud, you would emphasize that word. Just as we use spoken emphasis to convey a variety of meanings, so do we use italics. ETA: Edited to add more italics!!! If we really care about the teacher; if we believe in the passion of the person trying to get the teacher fired; if we see the effects incompetent teaching have had on students, and not just statistics, but actual living, breathing student characters, then the stakes are huge. Show us both/all sides of the issue, not academically, but through the characters who really believe in what they're doing, If they believe, you can make us believe, and once we believe, we'll care. Further, I struggle with this, because there appears to be multiple ways to 'show.' There does not seem to be an agreed upon way to show. But, on the flip side, this at least gives you options. It bears mention that this approach is almost opposite the first, because more words are used, to develop the sight, sounds, etc, of the place. Here I ask/discuss some feedback I have gotten about my chapter 1. You should do the same thing. Wolverine claws are not original. I am in a writing group. I see repeating word-choice patterns popping up among the fantasy contingent. This includes everything from the frequent use of certain words (example, everyone uses the adjective 'utter'), to certain symptoms/behaviors always manifesting (example, illness always accompanies emerging psychic ability). This is the lazy, easy indicator of emerging psychic ability in fantasy. It is intended to show that something bizarre is happening in a person's mind, and they are acquiring a psychic ability. When I realized that everyone uses headaches for this, I also realized that copying something like that - Well, I don't want to read that over and over again and the audience won't either. And there is no reason for psychic ability to be heralded by headaches, except that it is what someone thought once and it stuck. As you write a new word in appropriate context, you are putting it into your working vocabulary.