He asserts the following in regard to these differences: In addition to that, Augustine also presents arguments for convincing people that images of objects are formed in the mind (De Trinitate, 11.2.3). One such argument draws the reader's attention to consider the nature of afterimages, and in the same section he also presents a double-vision argument. This latter argument is illustrated with the idea of a candle seen as double when the convergence of the eyes does not correctly fall upon the object observed: Aristotle's own view seems to be much in agreement with that of Anaxagoras. He describes the unmixed purity of the mind while emphasizing its essentially active nature. Along with this active factor, he also attributes to the mind a passive factor which he refers to as its "matter" (ὕλη). Just as a piece of warm wax can take on the shape of other objects, the mind has the capacity to take on the forms of objects in its activity of thinking and perception: In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: If physicalism is true and determinism (at least on a Newtonian level) is true, then yes, a machine theoretically could be designed in a way you describe and thus considered a "person". Phsyicalism as you may know is the idea that (stated most simply) "everything is physical". Determinism is the idea that everything has a cause; nothing is uncaused. In other words, given the way things are at time t, the way things progress thereafter is fixed as a matter of natural law. Under these views the human mind and all human behavior is just the result of a causal chain of prior physical occurrences in the brain. This, in fact, brings us to the realization that the brain itself is a machine; sure it's not made of metal and wiring but the same kind of complex feedback loops and processing occurs. Why is it true that if zombies are possible that physicalism must be false, and which—if any—philosopher's have actually contended that zombies are possible, rather than merely conceivable in a vague sense? At this point, we've thus already answered your question. If the human brain is itself a machine, then of course we think machines can be seen as a "person". But if you insist that by "machine" you mean something other than man, then still, yes, it is theoretically possible to replicate the human mind using non-organic parts as long as you maintain the same logical feedback loops and the like. The content/structure (brain matter, cells, chemicals vs. metal circuits, electricity, etc.) does not matter in a deterministic system, only the logic they produce matters. The observations of these philosophers from antiquity highlight some of the properties which distinguish the mind and the soul from the physical world. In addition to that, each of them provided what might be considered a unified argument to the effect that conscious experience cannot be material because of a necessary incompatibility, but each of them approached it in a slightly different way. Anaxagoras' approach was that the intellect would be unable to "dominate" its objects of thought if there wasn't an ontological distinction to be made. Aristotle essentially agreed with Anaxagoras, but he also asserted that the active must be superior to the passive. Augustine argued that bodily vision alone would be inadequate because otherwise sensation would not be "accompanied by a thought of the soul." Finally, Aquinas asserted that an impression on the passive intellect could only be made provided that there is a common mode of existence with the human intellect. In either case, he would be doubting. In the third sense, Aquinas sometimes used the Latin word species instead of the Latin forma: In addition to that, Augustine also presents arguments for convincing people that images of objects are formed in the mind (De Trinitate, 11.2.3). One such argument draws the reader's attention to consider the nature of afterimages, and in the same section he also presents a double-vision argument. This latter argument is illustrated with the idea of a candle seen as double when the convergence of the eyes does not correctly fall upon the object observed: The forms abstracted from their appearances and thus free from any material existence. In response to your questions: The form which inheres in the mind. (See: IV Sententia d. 49, q. 2, a. 1.) However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: Kant might be said to have undermined the soul by denying that anything could be known about its nature by means of metaphysical deduction. James give no indication that he believed there was any difference between the soul and the transcendental ego, nor do the writings of Kant suggest that. The difference between earlier dualism and neo-Kantian dualism is a distinction between subject and object, rather than between body and soul. He asserts the following in regard to these differences: This first response is kind of trivial, because not all continuities are adequate for the tasks at hand. A magnetic field, for example, most likely lacks the necessary articulation which would be required to serve as a information medium. Putnam's second argument is more interesting: What is particularly interesting about this is that it demonstrates continuity with the ideas of Anaxagoras, Aristotle and Augustine that the mind has a certain nature which is incompatible with the objects of perception. Therefore, according to the philosophy of Aquinas, there must be an adaptation from the physical to the phantasm and finally to the intelligible species. He supports this idea with the argument that intelligible species have to have the same mode of existence as the human intellect: