You've already noticed that there are some utilitarian arguments against some kinds of cases, based on risk of the unknown. But it's also clear that those don't apply to all cases. As for arguments that apply to only some cases, and yet still don't get humans involved, some are ecological, but another kind of argument focuses on the experience of the created being, where an animal is mixed with another species. It might be fun to try to add bat wing genetic material to monkeys to see if you can generate flying monkeys. But there is a real risk of creating a hybrid creature (sometimes called a chimera) whose experience of living is terrible, because it turns out wrong. Indeed, because this is such a complicated process and genetic and developmental processes are so intricate, we would likely have to create a lot of hybrids before one succeeded, and these animals might suffer considerably. Yet, this sort of argument only applies to animals, not plants or other species. Still, such arguments are worth taking seriously, I think. I point this out to suggest that Kant's concept of rationality may have normativity (or the idea of goodness) built right into it, in which case he doesn't so much move from "is" to "ought" as postulate a kind of "ought" people probably ought to accept (in so far as they want to be rational), and then argue that it implies some other "ought" statements. I'm afraid that I cannot think of, nor have ever heard, any reasonable or semi-reasonable rationale for why an intrinsically valuable thing ought not, by virtue of being intrinsically valuable, have any moral obligations to others. I think it's just sloppily expressed on that page. Rationality is a word or concept with not only a descriptive function but also an honorific function. Another word like this is "artistic." One the one hand, if I describe a painting as artistic, I'm simply saying that it's art. I'm making an "is" statement. On the other hand, built into the very idea of being appropriately called "artistic" is the idea of being (at least somewhat) good art. I would hesitate to call my sloppy napkin sketch artistic. This is the word's "honorific" function. So, the accusation here is that Singer's argument does not treat people as beings whom it would be unreasonable not to value. But the outline you linked to does not say why. One possible reason would be to say that if we have a moral obligation to give things to others in extraordinary need, to the extent that we can, that obligation undercuts our freedom to do anything we want with what we have. If you believe that, you must believe that a thing with intrinsic value ought to be free of any moral obligations, and that to admit that we have moral obligations to others is to undermine our status as intrinsically valuable beings.