1 Thessalonians 1:7-8 also speaks of what will happen when Christ returns: 

As for why we should look for the man with the sword, Revelation 19:11-16 details a glorified view of Jesus with a sword coming out of his mouth. Whether that is literal or not, we can't be sure, but what we can be sure of, is that when Christ comes, he will look like no man we've ever seen, and it will drive everyone to their knees, some in terror because they've rejected Christ, and some in joy because they know they are his. 

In other words, Christ's return will be a big deal. You won't have to wonder. 

Scripturally speaking, Jesus isn't going to return quietly. Several passages refer to what is going to happen when he returns. 

In short, Joseph was a type of Christ in that he saved those who desired to do him harm from themselves being harmed. 

However, is there anything in the Old Testament that indicates the time in history in which He would come, or is it just "some time in the future"? 

Also, the idea that Jesus would not have a strong opinion on the subject, merely because He Himself was the product of a miraculous conception, ignores the Biblical teaching that Jesus was Himself the eternal Son of God who took on flesh 2,000 years ago. The Son of God, through whom all things were created, certainly has a strong opinion on truth and morality. 

In Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, He is God, man, Messiah. 

When Mary conceived, the eternal Son of God became flesh and entered into the physical universe. That act did not require that He become sinful. He retained His holiness, as He is the same yesterday, today and forever. 

All of these are modern inventions for which there was no vocabulary or context in which teaching could be given. (While there were examples of contraceptives in ancient history, the Jewish people don't appear to have used any.) The basis of the teachings of the Catholic church and others comes from arguments of design. God's design of intercourse leads to reproduction--not all the time, of course, but that is certainly a reasonably common outcome. Additionally, there is a specific command given to Adam and Noah to fill the earth and multiply upon it, so taking unnatural action to prevent reproduction seems to go against that to some extent. 

In other words, Christ's return will be a big deal. You won't have to wonder. 

In 1 Corinthians 15:52, when Christ returns, the dead will be raised: 

I had a couple of questions in the comments. The first one was concerning whether Christ's second return was going to be a secret event as it is portrayed in the movies. I'm assuming this is referring to, mainly, the popular Left Behind series. The Left Behind series portrays the end times from a dispensationalist, pre-trib rapture, millennial perspective. My understanding of the end times is amillennial. Therefore, I do not believe in a "rapture" that will take the Christians off of the earth, leaving the non-Christians on the earth for seven years to sort it all out. Though I was raised in that tradition, I found it to be overly complicated, and too recent of a development (John Darby, 1800s) for comfort. 

Also, the idea that Jesus would not have a strong opinion on the subject, merely because He Himself was the product of a miraculous conception, ignores the Biblical teaching that Jesus was Himself the eternal Son of God who took on flesh 2,000 years ago. The Son of God, through whom all things were created, certainly has a strong opinion on truth and morality. 

So, no, Jesus was not merely a spirit. His resurrection was a bodily resurrection. However, just as before the resurrection, He was Lord of Creation and could do miraculous things. 

Later in Matthew, Jesus arrives in Nazareth, and he is rejected there because that is where he grew up, and people refused to believe he was anything special. They specifically say that we know his father (who was actually only his stepfather), his mother Mary, and four named brothers. 

When Jesus prays in John 17, He mentions the glory He had with the Father before the world began. 

No, there are no passages in the New Testament where Jesus even speaks about contraception. Coincidentally, He never mention airplanes, computers, fast food, or cell phones either. :) 

There's actually a really cool song that goes through all of the books of the Bible, telling how Jesus is revealed in each. (I have to admit, though, I've never tried to answer a question with a song before.)