After looking into it a bit, I found that all 4 skills consist of 3 hit-combos, so generate the same amount of spirit per combo, although Fists of Thunder has the fastest attack speed, so generates the most spirit of the four without any runes. Is there a way to show other player's pet hp bars? The 5 fast hits counts as one hit for any on-hit effect. For example, if you have 0 spirit and use the full Way of the Hundred Fists combo, you will have 18 spirit since it gives you 6 spirit per attack. This gives you plenty of time to remove your weapons and skills without risking dying, and to punch him I'm playing a Monk and my boyfriend is a Witch Doctor, and I was wondering if there is any way to see his pet's hp bars so I can heal them if needed. I like to put on Magic-Find gear and go farm for good items, however I've been feeling a bit disheartened lately because of the hours spent re-running acts with over 200% magic find, and only finding yellows that are not even worth putting on the AH. The level and quality of items in the cube always matched the level and quality at the time I got the cube. For example, a cube obtained in a level 20 T6 game always dropped level 20 items, along with low level gems and crafting materials. It didn't matter if I opened it in a different level 70 T6 game, or later on in the same game once the low level char hit 50. The only other monster I can think of that blows up are Fallen Lunatics that will run into you and explode. This really isn't an "explode on death", although they should be watched out for. I'm not as familiar with other classes, however I believe the Barbarian's Ground Stomp will also stun, the Wizard's Teleport will let you teleport into a group so they'll all turn and hit you at once, and the Demon Hunter's Smoke Screen or the Witch Doctor's Spirit Walk will drop aggro, which should make everyone turn and hit you simultaneously once you appear again. Way of the Hundred Fists consists of 3 attacks, which appear to be 1 hit, 5 fast hits, than 1 hit again. Be wary of monsters losing interest with you, and use push/pull/stun/etc skills to reset their target and hit them immediately afterwards to pick aggro back up Aggro obtained through proximity can be trumped by damage, meaning if you do damage you can pull aggro off of someone who had obtained it through proximity only. So far all of Act I merchants have sold Green, Brown, or White dyes, while all of Act II merchants have sold Green, Brown, White, or Blue dyes. The number of different colors for sale, and which colors are available seems to vary for each merchant at any given time. If I pull monsters with a damaging ability, such as Cyclone Strike, I keep agro for a few seconds regardless of how much damage the dps players do until monsters randomly start dropping aggro and looking for a new target The level/quality of items is determined at the time you claim the cache, not at the time you become eligible for it. For example, if you become eligible for a cache at level 20, but don't claim it until level 60, you will have level 60 items inside. Much of this is simply speculation based on what I've observed while playing, and the little bit of information found online. So I'm thinking that specific merchants (or perhaps all merchants in a specific Act or Difficulty) only sell specific dye colors (correct me if I'm wrong here in a comment, and I'll update) Mobs will frequently and randomly decide to stop hitting their target, and look for someone else to hit. Once this happens, aggro can be re-obtained through the same thing: either proximity or attacks As for your other question about the Hands of Lightning rune, it appears you are getting 3 extra attacks with no damage decrease per attack. I played around with it a bit, and although the damage per hit fluctuated a bit, it seemed to average the same per hit both with and without the rune. I believe the dungeons below Bastions Keep is the best place for this (can't remember what it's called, but seen at least 2 other people get their achievement there while going through with them) Stand back, so your tank gets proximity aggro when a mob loses focus, and they have a chance to do damage and pick them back up I was speed-leveling another character last night by having them create a T6 Adventure game, and got quite a few cubes during the process. I saved some to test if opening them in a T6 level 70 game made any difference, and it did not. Boss fights seem to work the same as regular mob fights Does Whimsyshire provide better loot quality than re-running through the acts? Or better opportunies for loot, such as more champion groups in a smaller area? Hit things chasing squishy people, because their aggro resets fairly frequently and you will probably pick it back up quickly In what order does the Monk's spirit-generating skills generate spirit the fastest? Both with and without all runes unlocked?