More importantly, if the Amendment were to somehow be ratified, it would need to be reconciled with the Apportionment Act of 1911. In 1911, Congress decided for itself, consistent with its own rules and powers, that the chamber would be limited to 435 members. The 12th Amendment is saying that the President and Vice President need to come from different states - not that the electors cannot vote for the "home state" candidate. Indeed, on average, most candidates receive their home state votes, and for much of the 19th century, this regional advantage was often considered when choosing candidates. 

Of course, Gen. Powell is no longer Secretary of State, so this no longer applies. Instead, as a private person, the question is, "Does the Speaker need to be an elected member in his own right?" Traditionally, of course, it would be unprecedented. But, I think the case can be made that it is also not allowed. All currency is a claim on another asset. Until 1933, you could exchange dollar bills for gold. (Nixon finally took us off of that in the 70s.) Nowadays, a note is just a claim on the debt of the United States - theoretically, you could exchange them for bonds. The point of currency is that you have a claim on the assets of another. States are prohibited from being the holder of these assets, as it is a power reserved to the federal government. (For historical reasons, this was necessary to prevent another "Articles of Confederation.") 

Had they not done so, Cheney would have been disqualified, and Bush would have had to name another person as his VP. (In actuality, he would have had to convince the electoral college to vote for another VP candidate, but I suspect that would have been formality, seeing as they were to pledged to vote for Bush.) The House has the power to bring articles of Impeachment (i.e. start the proceedings) Since this is a power of Congress, you need to be looking in Article I, rather than Article II. (That said, I would have thought it was about the President, too :)) Long answer short - the President can order his executive authority as he sees fit, but the Congress still has checks and balances on any action or inaction he might take. Until the Supreme Court weighs in, it is "constitutional" (moreso in the British sense) but clearly on the edges of branch conflict. 

Know the key personalities in the equation. At a minimum, knowing who the people who influence the legislation (e.g. your Congressman / MP) and the demographics / constituencies who are most affected by it. For example, in environmental legislation, who is the administrator, who are the environmental groups, who lives there, and knowing what economic actors are affected are vital for predicting the outcome. Personally, I would argue that any American who cannot name his or her Senator, Congressman, State Governor, Local Representative, and at least five members of the Supreme Court should be ignored. But then again, I've been called an arrogant SOB before too, so take what I say with a grain of salt. Executive Action in regards to policy bears an obvious resemblance here. The President, acting in his executive capacity, can legitimize his action as one of merely prioritizing which laws to enforce. In the same way that he directed the Justice Department not to enforce drug policy in those states that have legalized it, he is merely instructing Immigration and Customs Enforcement to prioritize the deportation of criminal immigrants over what he considers to be "less dangerous" immigrants. Likewise, Congress has the authority to direct the President otherwise by creative legislation.