When playing against recreationals, all you really have to think about is maximally exploiting your opponent so that you can maximize your profits. But if you are playing against a skilled, thinking opponent that is trying to do the exact same thing you are, things get far more complicated. Continuing our previous example, this is why many good heads-up hyper-turbo regs split their button ranges in half when playing other regs. They limp and min-raise polarized ranges, making it unprofitable for their opponent to 3-bet shove very light whilst still playing 85%+ of all hands from the button. So, the process of elimination only truly leaves you two options: call or fold. If you are fairly confident he's not a nit, see a flop. 

It's worth pointing out that you should consider reraising against this type of opponent. Villian's range is quite wide and his donk-betting, and it's sizing, are huge indicators of a weak range. The population tendency here is for him to have a weak pair or weak draw. Bad players tend to size their bets according to hand strength. You have a lot of equity from your two overs, gutshot, and backdoor flush draw, which, when combined with the significant amount of fold equity a healthy raise would generate against this opponent in this spot, make reraising a profitable move. 

I would fold the turn. The opponent has called a raise, check-raised a flop, and bet again--that's showing quite a bit of strength and you have a mediocre hand. So the scenarios in which you win are either you're facing a bluff (or semibluff) or you're up against a better hand and you improve to beat it. If you are up against a better hand, your outs are pretty dubious. Hitting two pair, three of a kind, or even another heart on the river will still lose a decent portion of the time against his "good" range which is mostly a set, a flush, or maybe a pair of nines with better kicker (and maybe higher heart). Even if a push is a better play in a chip EV perspective, it's not a lot better. In a cash game, the push would then still be the clear play. But with a tournament, the prospect of guaranteeing yourself a remaining stack might be worth the lost chip EV. In other words, the difference in value between having 13bb's and 0bb's is greater then the difference in lost chip value between calling and winning versus pushing and winning. There are generally three types of ranges: Folding: This is definitely an option. It really depends on just how tight Villian is. If he's extremely tight I would fold this without a second thought. Many people have an impression that because the chip leader at a table has the majority of the chips, they should be "bullying" the table. This isn't the best way to look at the situation. What a large stack gives you is more utility. The utility to outplay your opponents by having the full arsenal of poker moves at your disposal. If you were short stacked, you wouldn't have very many options. You'd likely have to either be going all-in or folding. So, yes, you should try to play more hands than you would be playing if you were short stacked so as to see more flops, thereby maximizing your skill advantage. You value greatly when an opponent doesn't realize you've polarized your range to include only strong value and air since you've obviously greatly increased your expectation with said air hands (your bluffs). As such, it's entirely counter-productive to try and convince opponents you have a polarized hand range.