Although Britain was never under Carolingian Rule, the conquest of England by William I in 1066 was followed by a complete remaking of English feudalism in the contemporary Continental model - with improvements. William distributed the estates of all his Tenants-in-Chief through the entire kingdom to prevent the possible development of regional power bases. Only the Stanleys and Percys seem to have been able to build any sort of true regional power base. 

The coloured area in the first map corresponds highly with modern Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg. None of this structure or history occurred in Eastern Europe or Scandinavia, leading to a system of common arrangements between equals in forming national polities. Thus elected monarchs. 

When we think of foreign beer today anyone not from Canada (and it's bizarre panoply of inter-provincial alcohol regulations and taxes) usually thinks of imports from other countries, or even other continents. However the people of Leeuwarden simply wanted the freedom to purchase beer brewed a few days horse ride (150 km on todays map) away, their national capital of Haarlem. It would appear that the local brewmaster(s) of Leeuwarden was unable to compete on quality and or price, and instead sought a legal monopoly. His potential customers didn't have the same zeal for local brew. By 1496 there was an established printing press in Granada, but judging from the names of the printers (Meinrad Ungut, Hans Pegnitzer) this is wholly post-Reconquista. This was, of course, not part of the Ottoman Empire but a separate sovereign state until its conquest by Spain in 1492. 

Note that the spread of printing technology through Europe was very rapid, and that by the time of this first printing in Istanbul, "the entire classical canon had been reprinted and widely promulgated throughout Europe." In that sense at least, the Ottoman Empire had already fallen far behind the rest of Europe. 

Update - for question refocused on Borders: The Rhine, Danube, Adriatic Sea and Alps, amongst other significant geographic landmarks, were all used as borders by Ancient Rome. The Aegean, Dardanelles and Western Himalayas were amongst those used earlier by the Ancient Greeks and Persians. Going further back, the Caspian and Black Sea were used by the Hittites. The use of geographic landmarks to establish borders goes back to pre-history. The notion of a first Medieval border defined in terms of geographic landmarks then becomes senseless, as all Medieval borders were established in terms of geographic landmarks, whether river, sea, mountain, Church, or hedge. The earliest reference I could find to use of canvas for painting in the Muslim world was occasional use in the Mughal Empire, for (not-so) miniatures. from sometime after 1526. As an exercise for my studies of Dutch, I will continue to look for any Dutch sources that might be able to substantiate the claimed details. 

While the veracity of this site on the history of crime may be doubtful, it appears to be the only easily located English-language source The ban was eventually lifted. The contemporary alternative, (cannabis) hemp from which the term canvas derives its name, is less expensive and grows in more southern climates, but requires more preparation and yields a less desirable (for painting, though not for blue-jeans) final texture.