I can't imagine that teaching a child that God doesn't exist is, at it's heart, any different than teaching a child that God does exist. I have some very dear friends who do not believe in God. Really, it's a simple matter of they don't attend church, they observe some holidays (such as Christmas and Easter) from a purely secular standpoint (Santa Claus, Easter bunny, etc.). I imagine that, at some point, the question may come up from their boys, "Why does my friend believe in God and we don't?" or something from that perspective, but I don't see that there's any reason to call attention to the situation until/unless a child brings the topic up first. At that point, you will have to thoughtfully consider how to answer the question. I would hope that you wouldn't want to imply to your child that those who are religious are stupid or ignorant because of their beliefs, so you would have to choose your words carefully--in the same way that a parent who did believe in God might someday have to address the question of why one of their friends doesn't believe in God. I mean, do you really want to possibly sacrifice a personal friendship or one of your son's friendships because of a difference in beliefs? I would never want my child to believe that his friend or his friend's parents are bad or ignorant people because they don't choose to follow my family's belief system. 

Depending on the diversity of where you live, your child may never ask why your family's beliefs are different from those of his friends and acquaintances. In other areas, like where I live, the beliefs are somewhat more homogeneous which may draw more attention to your child's differences. This might cause him/her to ask questions sooner rather than later. Either way, I don't think the question is so much how to teach them that God doesn't exist, but rather how will you respond when they ask why their beliefs are different from others. 

But I think that the reality is that if a child isn't exposed to a God-centric belief system, they are unlikely to construct one on their own. My oldest is 5, we are Christians, we have friends and family who are not who also have children around his age. They play together and have never discussed God to my knowledge. I expect eventually the topic will come up (especially with my nieces who are being raised--well, truthfully, I don't know what they're being raised exactly), but I don't plan to bring it up unless my children do.