I don't know the answer to the second missing thing above (what happens when the infraction is not limited to one community - what kind of law applies then). This may sound paradoxical, but the Islamic shari'ah permits other faith communities to be governed by their own shari'ah. There is freedom of religion in this sense - people are free to practise their faith, including religious law. Additionally, Islamic obligations such as zakat or military service that do apply to Muslims are not applied to "people of the covenant." The confusion arises because of different meanings of the word "adoption" in English and it's perceived equivalent in Arabic. In Arabic, in addition to taking an orphan in and feeding them and providing for them and raising them (this is kafalah), it also means to give them your name and have them inherit from you and have similar mahram rules apply to them as with one's own children (this is tabanna). It is the second part of the above that Allah SWT forbade in the Qur'an when He said in Surat al-Ahzab:4: One incident I remember is when the Prophet (saws) was with Ali ibn Abi Talib (ra) and they had a dozen dates. As they were about to finish, Ali (ra) saw some people approaching. He quickly moved the pile of 6 pits that he had to the Prophet (saws)'s pile and jocularly told the passersby that the Prophet (saws) had kept all the dates to himself and didn't share! The Prophet (saws) in good spirits said right back: Look at Ali, he eats the dates and he eats the pits as well! (because he didn't have any pits on his side). And finally, the scholars have said that excessive joking (just like going to excess in any matter in life) can harden the heart. The Prophet (saws) said “Do not laugh too much, for laughing too much deadens the heart.” (Saheeh al-Jaami’, 7312). DO it respectfully, let it relax you, but don't let it distract from the akhirah. 

In a hadith in Sahih al-Bukhari and Sahih Muslim, Abu Dharr al-Ghifari (ra) narrates that the Prophet (saws) said that there is no man who knowingly calls himself after someone other than his real father, except that he has committed kufr. When the fertilized egg is implanted into another woman (a surrogate) this is impermissible as well because it is as if motherhood is shared between two people and one necessarily loses their right (I mean motherhood not only in the genetic sense, but in the sense of all the hormonal changes the pregnant woman goes through and the emotional (and physical!) bond between her and the baby). Other etiquettes for joking: One is not allowed to make derogatory jokes about Islam or the Prophet (saws) or the Companions as Allah says in the Qur'an in Tawbah:65-66. One is not allowed to take someone's property as a joke, nor is one permitted to frighten or scare them in the course of a joke. And of course, general rules about backbiting, slander, mockery, etc. also apply here.