Therefore, getting your Alchemy from 20 to 21 will do less for your overall level than getting, say, your Archery skill from 60 to 61. Certain powers are granted by activating a Standing Stone - do note that you can only have one stone active at a time, and not every standing stone grants a power. Some give only passive bonuses. Black soul gems are an exception. They can hold humanoid souls, which are considered to be "grand" in the classification system above - regardless of the humanoid's level. They will also take on any level of monster souls, if you soul trap a monster and no other suitably-sized gem is available. "Humanoids" include the following: There are only a few dragon priests that carry masks, and they are: Skill gain is related to the value of the item involved. The more expensive the transaction or item created, the more the skill gains. Make expensive items, or make large batches of cheap items. Better yet, make large batches of expensive items :) Fast travel in a circuit to various raw good merchants (mages for soul gems, blacksmiths for smithing components, alchemy vendors for ingredients, etc), buy up their stock, craft, and sell whatever you can in town before taking off to the next town. For farming grand-level souls, mammoths are your best bet, although plan on killing Giants (which have greater - not grand souls) at the same time. You may encounter other priests (named and unnamed) in your journeys, but other than these they will not carry masks. The UESP page on Undead contains a subsection on dragon priests, and has links to the locations of all of them. However, even if he spawns as a priest, he is not one of the dragon priests that carries a mask. I'm not really interested in duplicate potions (I have far too many potions and ingredients already), but it would be helpful for raising levels if I got twice the Alchemy experience when this ability fires and I create 2 potions instead of 1. Is this the case? Or do I gain only the experience for creating the first potion? An interest in trapping souls means that you're likely into enchanting. This means that you're going to need a supply of low-end souls for skill increases, and a supply of high-end souls for creating awesome gear. Here are some suggestions to get you started: Keep in mind that skill gains are based on the value of the item, whereas the difficulty is a combination of weight and value. Therefore, light but expensive things provide the best balance of skill gain to risk.