First, since he is so young, it is likely he doesn't really understand what he saw. He might think it is one more way to show his uncle he loves him, or a type of game or any number of things so punishing is not likely to help as it is probably just confusing things further. Now for ideas that might help mom and kids In this book, they suggest that it is common for kids raised to speak a "family language" in the home while hearing and using another popular language outside of the home to stop using the "family language" shortly after entering school. The result (here in the states) with many of these families is a child that grows into an adult that understands a second language fluently, but can't recall vocabulary and sentence structure well enough to effectively communicate in that second language once their parents are no longer around and using the second language. Do sensory activities to use additional descriptors. What does the Gak feel like? is it slimy, smooth, rough. . .? (for some examples of sensory activities you can access some on pinchxeverything.blogspot.com or at almost any site for preschool teachers. The first step is to recognize your child is at a developmental stage that includes learning how she has a certain amount of sway over the others in her life - this is what the "game" really is. Know that this too, shall pass. The second step is to avoid over-use of the word, "no." yes you need to say no sometimes, but you should reserve use of the word no for the most egregious or safety-related things and say it with a tone that lets her know you are serious. There are replacements for the word "no," like "wait," "stop," and "first." that can be used when and where appropriate for those in the middle issues. Lastly, accompany the word "no" with an action. The action does not need to be a punishment and should be done gently smoothly without jerking, or any other motion that might be painful for the little one. The objective is to move her away from danger (cause and effect is a new concept that is just now beginning to enter her experience, time outs, slaps, and other such things will only create confusion and fear. Instead, your action can be to grab and hold her hand, move her away from the item about which she is curious while you distract her with something else, strap her in the stroller (if she is running away from you while shopping or something) and other occasion-appropriate types of actions. Explain your actions concisely while you perform them. For example, "It is safer for you to stay with mommy right now." The second conflict will probably be with your family and perhaps broader society, who will not understand. That depends a lot on the people around you and is probably out-of-scope for this question, so I'll just leave it with the general warning. Prepare for conflict This comes in two flavors. First up; pretty much any child will start rebelling against the parents around puberty. So at that point, your child might start showing an interest in religion. They might try to get involved with a religion in secret, which could be dangerous. I would personally recommend allowing them to go to meetings under your supervision, but considering that is still a decade off, it might be completely different by then. As she gets a bit older, you will probably need to switch to justifying the rule somewhat, as children will start to ask why they are not allowed things. "Religion can have a huge impact on your life and should not be started with lightly" is probably good enough for quite a while. The biggest issue here is most likely not the "animals eat each other", which is very abstract, but rather the watching NatGeo, which intentionally tries to make you feel a relation with the animals they are showing. Should I actually force her to speak these/the English words at this age (by repeatedly asking her to speak)? I speak English at home with the child and the other person too. I am an agnostic. I don't want my child to believe in God until she is 20 years old. Reason is that I believe that if the child below that age is repeatedly told by her elders to pray to god, that the god exists, and the god can punish them if they don't - then I think the child will follow what the elders say because of her lack of world experience and because of her trust in her elders. Should I continue talking in English and pretend to be deaf and let her learn at her own pace when she grows up? She speaks tortoise, monkey, and money correctly. And now my toddler is 2 years old and when I say - A for, she says ant, so on and so forth till W. When I speak English, I find that my pronunciation is same for all the similar sounding words mentioned above. She has been told in plain English not to do this, and she does understand that perfectly. But, she still does this on purpose - I know this because she looks at me before the act, smiles, and continues her deed. Then she comes over to me and points out to the thing fallen on the ground.