Crime rates were certainly low while I was there. Car-jackings were almost unheard of, and serious crimes like rape and murder were rare. But then again, I'm white, and I lived in areas where most residents were also white. It was possible to depart Newark at 07:46 and arrive at Water Gap at 11:01 - a journey time of 3 hours and 15 minutes. I rarely had much contact with the police, but again, I'm white (and I have a British passport - which really helped on a few occasions), so my experience was mostly positive. The police that enforced the Pass Laws (the laws that enforced segregation under Apartheid) certainly weren't the brightest people I've ever met, but I also never personally witnessed any instance of abuse or corruption. When he returned to the UK, Baden-Powell became involved with the Boy's Brigade, becoming a Vice President of the organisation in 1903. This was already a large youth organisation (in 1910, there were some 100,000 boys enrolled in about 2200 companies across the British Empire and the United States). Apart from a few modern techniques like X-ray fluorescence (XRF), most of the techniques used to assay gold were in use long before the twentieth century. (In any event, XRF - although non-detructive - can be fooled by surface treatments like gold-plating). The most likely techniques, however, would be using a "touchstone" or conducting a "Fire Assay". The military support for the MPLA came from Cuba, together with a number of Russian specialists (although it is possible that Yugoslavia did sent some specialist military advisers to assist the MPLA and Cubans). The programme offered by the Girl Guides was radically different from those being proposed by other organisations for girls at that time. For example, the precursors of the Girls' Brigade had the goal of: When Baden-Powell left the army in 1910, he founded the Boy Scouts Association and, shortly afterwards, the Girl Guides. In reality though, both organisations already existed in nascent form. People were attracted by the chance to emulate their heroes, and also by the fact that Scouting emphasised more adventurous, outdoor games than were usual in other youth organisations of the time (like the Boy's Brigade, for example). Then, as now, the skills learned by Scouts were seen as fun. Today, a fire assay on gold can achieve an accuracy of better than 0.05%. My reading of the text of A Manual of Assaying, by Arthur Stanley Miller, seems to suggest that similar accuracies would have been achievable when it was published in 1905. In the example you give, where the gold was to be exchanged for the goods at the port, testing would probably have been carried out with a touchstone. The use of touchstones dates back to antiquity, and they remain in use to this day. These could easily distinguish between, for example, 14 carat and 24 carat gold (I've done it myself), and I read that experienced testers can achieve accuracies of better than 5%. As far as I can see, the most likely method of travel in the 1900s would have been by rail, very likely using the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad. Their network is shown on the map below: I'm not sure the Yugoslavian military were ever actually "combatants" in the Angolan Civil War in the strict sense of the term. I was living in Southern Africa when the war broke out and so I've read quite a bit about what was going on in Angola. But there is no mention of Yugoslavian "boots on the ground". It is, perhaps, sometimes hard to remember just how progressive Baden-Powell was being when he made the decision to include girls in the Scout movement in 1910. For context, it is worth remembering that the girls' equivalent of the Boy's Brigade, the Girls’ Association, wasn't formed until 2008! The Hoboken Historical Museum has a number of timetables for the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad in their collection, several of which can be viewed online. This example dates to 1912. Pages 11-12 show train times for the westward route. As Denis observed in the comments above, for many countries, gold would have been traded through securities in the first half of the twentieth century. In those cases the physical transfer of the gold would indeed have been the exception, rather than the rule. That said, there would undoubtedly have been a great many cases where gold was transferred as payment, and some form of metallurgical assay to ensure its purity would have been required. Baden-Powell had been besieged in the town of Mafeking during the Second Boer War. He had formed the Mafeking Cadet Corps, which was a group of youths that supported the defending troops by carrying messages and similar tasks. This freed up men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the prolonged siege. "Scout patrols" which followed the principles set out in Baden-Powell's book were set up across the United Kingdom, and spread rapidly across the British Empire. The first Scout rally was held at Crystal Palace in London the following year. Some 11,000 Scouts attended - including some girls who dressed as Scouts and called themselves "Girl Scouts".