So for general game, I would make following summary: 1 - for main ground forces; 2 - for secondary ground forces group; 3 - for air units; Yes, higher APM will help you your 4 stalkers to survive if your opponent has 5 own stalkers... but the main fail here not a survivability, but timing: why he got 5 stalkers but you have only 4 yet? To execute that you don't need to know how to touch keys, you don't need to know what are ALL OF THOSE KEYS... Marines/Marauder are more dangerous for Thor. If medivacs has higher priority but you want Thor to hunt marines/marauders - you need to order Thor to attack marines directly. As there are usually a lot of them you will need to do a lot of junk-work. and 9 - are usually used for upgrading facilities: forge, armory, engineer, evolution chamber. 0 - I usually use for command center when I need to scan. Further F-keys assignement I plan to use to bind locations: main, natural, enemies natural, main battle ground - that will be changed often. 

constant probes production; no supply block; saving chronoboos for WarpGate technology; building proxy in time in proper location; ... know EXACT sequence of building building... (as helped in comments, but I forgot to mention) SCOUT - actually that is a MAJOR point. These things does NOT require high APM (as a result it doesn't matter how do you touch keys). They require you to know WHAT to do and WHEN to do; and be accurate. You don't need to know a lot of keys for that: I think that covers everything, but I might be missing a thing or two. Also for SC2 if you set the graphics setting to "Windowed (Fullscreen)" it will let you instant-alt-tab. It says it may cause a drop in performance but I personally haven't noticed it and the ability to alt-tab instantly is worth any small performance drop unless you're on a really low end system. (I browse the web when searching for matches, and just have "Play in background" turned on for the sound so I can hear when one is found). I think you under estimate the amount of micro for Zerg though 

At the same time I also start more unit focus instead of economy focus, and depending on how early I find the proxy (is it still building or is it done and pumping out units) I'll either try to destroy it before units come out, or try to get a bigger army and then kill it. When proxying you are going to be about 15-30 seconds behind in production to get your probe up there, and if I see it early enough, or I was already doing an aggressive build I will have a slightly bigger army than you (assuming our macro abilities are on about the same level) 

Build probes constantly, 1st build probe will go to opponent, all others - go to minerals; 10-12 actually should be enough. Build the 1st pylon outside of the opponent's start location - if you build it in the opponent base (after the choke) he will attack the pylon with large amount of SCVs. The Pylon should be built as close to the opponent base as possible. Build 1 forge. Build 2 cannons close to the opponent base - they will shoot up the ramp soon. When these cannons are almost complete, send a probe to the opponent's base and build 1 cannon (you 1st pylon should give enough space for 1-2 cannons). Opponent will try to attack your building cannon, but your first 2 cannons should be able to protect them. Keep you probe from being killed by SCVs/marines. Build new pylon close to new cannon, once the new pylon is done, build 1-2 additional cannons not to far away from the 3rd cannon; it should be able to protect the new building. The new cannons should also be able to attack the command center. After the last cannons been build they will start shooting the command center. The AI will give up quickly. The Raven more or less replaces the Science Vessel in SC2 as a flying detector + caster. It doesn't have Irradiate but has other useful abilities like Auto-Turret, Point Defense Drone, and Seeker Missle (requires research) 

I think that covers everything, but I might be missing a thing or two. 

I think you under estimate the amount of micro for Zerg though At the same time I also start more unit focus instead of economy focus, and depending on how early I find the proxy (is it still building or is it done and pumping out units) I'll either try to destroy it before units come out, or try to get a bigger army and then kill it. When proxying you are going to be about 15-30 seconds behind in production to get your probe up there, and if I see it early enough, or I was already doing an aggressive build I will have a slightly bigger army than you (assuming our macro abilities are on about the same level) Also for SC2 if you set the graphics setting to "Windowed (Fullscreen)" it will let you instant-alt-tab. It says it may cause a drop in performance but I personally haven't noticed it and the ability to alt-tab instantly is worth any small performance drop unless you're on a really low end system. (I browse the web when searching for matches, and just have "Play in background" turned on for the sound so I can hear when one is found).