Try to stick with something close to the same width and they'll work fine with your existing rims. Mountain (off-road) tires with their knobs can require more clearance at the same size. 

I mostly ride on the road and generally use a water bottle (or two or three; or a water bottle and a coffee travel mug), but if I'm going for a long ride (especially in hot weather), I'll use the hydration pack (and probably have a bottle in all 3 cages, maybe with juice or something like that in one) just to be sure I keep well-hydrated. 

In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. 

The ISO standard size of your tires and rims is 622. (18mm wide rim and 42mm wide tire) Pros for carrying in a hydration pack: 

As long as you keep to about the same size tire, your existing tubes should be fine. There's a bunch of weird standards for naming the size of tires and rims, and there's an actual ISO standard. 

Best? Doesn't seem like there's any one right answer. The best thing to do is ignore the big letter printed names that have inconsistent conventions, and look for the ISO standard stuff, like "42-622". ISO 622 is the same as "700c" (common road size) and 29er (new larger mountain tire). 

Seems like the kind of cycling you're doing makes a big difference. Mountain biking has more dirt and more rough terrain where your water bottle nozzle could pick up trail dirt and be hard to reach down and grab to drink from. Road biking tends to have plenty of smooth pavement allowing for drinking from a bottle and not as much dirt to worry about. 

Sounds like one of four possibilities. 

There are ant+ cadence sensors too - often a little box that straps onto a chainstay, and a small magnet on the end of a crankarm that passes near the sensor. If you want to see your phone while riding that gets messier. Personally I keep my phone in my pocket with the screen off. 3) (was 2b) Your shifter was weak and has bent or the number indicator has moved/bent. 

Here's the big one.... You spend under a minute riding this MTB. It could take anything up to 30 minutes to get "dialed in" to the various inputs required. 

However in https://helmets.org/walkerstudy.htm in 2013 this was refuted. Also https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3783373/ 

Locally, milk tanker drivers are awesome at passing with extreme room. They don't slow down from their permitted maximum of 90 km/h but they will give me a full lane of passing space where possible, which is 5-6 metres. 

You can purchase a rack adapter thats primary use is for mixte, womens bikes or bike with angled top tubes. It is a removeable bar that attaches to the seatpost on one end and then attaches between the stem and the headset top bearing at the other end. You then hang the bike on the rack by the adapter. As @Batman has suggested brake fluid is hygroscopic. Over time moisture from the air is absorbed by the fluid. When the brakes get hot enough the absorbed water will boil. This results in air bubbles forming in the fluid. While brake fluid is not compressible the air bubbles are. This results in a mushy or spongy feeling to the brakes. Once cooled the bubbles may be reabsorbed allowing the brakes to feel normal. + I can now say that at least as far as Avenir and Zefal are concerned they do not interchange. I did find that Avenir sells a kit to convert any wedge bag to quick release. It involves making a small hole in the bag,inserting a small plate inside and screwing it to the clip on the outside.