The six blocks in the top-left form a basic clock, which repeatedly triggers the testfor command. (The faster the clock, the quicker the detection, but higher CPU cost ("server lag") to run it.) The only discusssion of spontaneous despawning I could find on Minecraft Wiki clearly does not apply to Snow Golems since they last much longer than one minute. In order to avoid breaking sand with piston mechanisms, don't push blocks into space sand is currently falling into. When sand is falling, it is an entity, just like all other freely moving objects. This entity falls under the influence of gravity until it hits something solid on its bottom. This causes an attempt to place a solid block at the cube-grid location containing the bottom-center point of the falling sand. Then, if that cube is occupied by a block (such as a slab or torch), the sand turns into a resource entity (the rotating cube you can pick up) instead. From the top, dig down around the edges (vertically) of the area (techniques covered below). This checks for caves intersecting the region you are digging. Vertical digging techniques Caution: These techniques are optimized for simplicity, not safety. You should get a brief glimpse of any caves but you might not react fast enough. Adding a bit more redstone logic could do things like giving a long message the first time the player is detected and a short one later times. If a tree grows next to the wall, its leaves might appear on the other side. Another possibility would be to construct a sorting system which separates the skeletons from the cave spiders, but I don't know of a particular design to suggest. Cave spiders are particularly difficult to handle because of their small size and ability to climb. Then hold down the mouse button. You will repeatedly mine two blocks and fall one block. When you reach bottom, you will fall 3 blocks into your previously cleared space (taking no fall damage since it's less than 4). Also, tiles over a certain size (128×128, I think) will crash Minecraft. Below that size, you can still use HD textures and it will work except for the misplaced animations. The animated items will not animate, and (for a 32× pack) these will have animations on them: bricks, gold blocks, Netherrack, and pumpkins. By the way: as a matter of game design, I would recommend that you not do exactly this, unless the message is purely flavor and not an important hint. Don't make an NPC say something only once, because the player could easily miss it the first time around, or assume they could get the information again later since most games do that. Using the tools available within vanilla survival Minecraft, there are only two types of solid blocks which can be produced indefinitely and moved by pistons: Cobblestone and Stone. Then, to reset the mechanism (after testing, say), push the button at the bottom, which reruns the player test and thus reenables the clock, while you are out of range. (It'll need to be longer than shown to be actually out of range.) In your case, where you have two spawners right next to each other, there is no way to spawn just the skeletons except by lighting or filling up with blocks the entire spawn volume of the cave spider spawner, leaving you with just a thin slice of skeleton spawner volume (which will therefore have lower spawning rates). This particular installation is for my main mob grinder, so besides the cactus there is also a fatal drop from above; the cactus here is merely to kill the ones that the water saves from instant death. Originally, I stood at the point where the flows rejoin to collect items, but a creeper somehow blew up the trap while I was AFK, and I had problems with chickens pushing me out of the collection area, so after that I had the items carried some distance away in an aqueduct (this was before hoppers). Fire spreading. (This is not a problem as long as there are no burnable blocks on at least one side of the wall.) I am not sure whether this includes lava. (By the way, if by “lava sparks” you mean the flying smoking bits, they are not responsible for starting fires; they are purely a visual effect and their random occurrence is independent of fire.) Swords: The best ordinary weapon (by damage numbers) you can readily make is an iron sword, and the second-best is a stone sword, which is very easy to craft since it only requires wood and cobblestone.