OE cwen => eME cuen, cwen, quen, quuen, qween, kuen etc. So, the remark by darkgamma that "the etymology is off and the chronology is wrong by a few hundred years" is irrelevant. 

Upward and Davidson 2011 write the following: 

However, in our case this would contradict the directionality of Mańczak’s seventh tendency of analogy, which states that “the forms of the present more often bring about the reshaping of other tenses than vice versa” (as cited in Campbell 2013: 265). "The word God is a relatively new European invention, which was never used in any of the ancient Judaeo-Christian scripture manuscripts that were written in Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek or Latin." 

At first, this represents how generative syntax was done in the late 80s-early nineties. Many of those ideas were abandoned a long time ago. 

(pp. 28-29; emphasis mine - Alex B.). Phrase stress: Bennett 1972, Quinlin 1991 (and also his 1989 dissertation), Hoptman 2002. However, Tsimmerling 2007 finds this analysis irrefutable. 

The thing is that all English nouns can take (select) complements and what you call "modifiers": In some other syntactic theories, the difference between a complement (sometimes also called an argument) and a modifier is that complements are obligatory (cf. *their incredible story of) whereas modifiers are optional (their incredible story). 

My "informants" of Australian English had a vowel quality contrast to go with their length contrast. The Wiki article says "some speakers" and the data are notated with a "citation needed" flag indicating that there is a diphthongization difference to go with the assumed length difference. This can only be resolved with some concrete acoustic evidence. Fletcher et al. look into the "hud / hard" difference, unfortunately their measurements only give a single generic formant value of "the vowel". They do show that there is a large correlation between vowel choice and duration, and a small and speaker-dependent difference in formant value. 

This is not to say that improvements to English spelling are unimaginable: but especially for a language like English (with a huge set of pronunciations for all words), just adopting phonetic spelling is a fairly bad idea. The Oxford list of most common mis-spellings does point to candidates for change. "Amoeba" is not on the list, probably because most people don't use it. 

In other words, the weight of evidence indicates that it is borrowed (in some fashion, including adaptation of semantics), the source would be French (hence Latin), and that it is the result of two distinct roots. 

Many people would like English spelling to be "phonetic", in that if you know how a word is spelled, you know how it is pronounced, and vice versa. This is perhaps tenable for small languages with only a couple of speakers in one village. For any other language, you do not know how all speakers actually pronounce words. ɪf ɔl ɹaɪɾɪŋ wɹ̩ bɛɪst ɔn hæw ðə ɪndəvɪdʒʊl̩ ækʃəli tɔks, ɪɾəd bi ɹɪli dɪfəkl̩t tə əndɹ̩stæn pipl̩z ɹaɪɾɪŋ. wɹs, sɪns ðɛɹ aɹ mɛni wɛɪz ðæt ən ɪndəvɪdʒʊl̩ dʌz prənæwns ʌ wɹ̩d, you would spend all your time trying to figure out how you pronounce a word, so that you would know how to spell it.