In most languages word order is more or less iconic with respect to information structure. Aside from word order and intonation, some languages have morphological discourse markers. There are topic markers in Japanese and Korean, focus markers in Eastern Armenian and both in (many dialects of) Quechua, to name just a few. 

Discourse-configurational languages assign topic/focus structurally. Hungarian is said to be one (Kiss, who coined the term "discourse-configuratonal"), other examples include Russian (King) or Georgian (Meurer). This approach only accounts for nonemotive sentences since intonation can mix things up. The above procedure can be informally described as a "relaxed" lambda calculus, but rather than replace variables we unify them. It can also be used in dependency grammars if we add unifications to ID rules. 

In natural language semantics, lambda calculus can be used to assemble meaning during parsing. The idea is that every word has a meaning (assigned to it in the lexicon) and syntax helps assign meaning to more complex syntactic units. In higher-order logic, the meaning of "Mary obviously loves John" is Informally it's often said that the focus of a sentence is what's being said about its topic. In formal logic, focus is then taken to be an "Aristotelian" predicate. The unmarked sentence John sings (John topical, sings focal) is formalized as sing(John), whereas JOHN sings (John focal, sings topical) would be 位P.P(John)(sing). 

Lambda calculus is a way of turning open expressions (that is, expressions with free variables) into functions. For example, 位x.x+1 is a function that takes numbers to numbers. 位x.x+y is a function from numbers to expressions with one free variable (if the domain of discourse are numbers). 

Applicable to what? Meaning assembly? For this, 位-calculus is used only in categorical grammars, which are binary-branching by definition. 

As for formal representation in frameworks, FGD uses an ordering on nodes in deep syntax trees to express information structure. In LFG, there's a separate i(nformation)-structure for discourse functions. In the abductive framework of Hobbs, there's no implicit formalization but whatever can't be inferred/proven is taken to be focal. However higher-order logic is unwieldy for reasoning as it's more complex and less understood that first-order logic. Davidson, Parsons, Hobbs, and Pietroski (to name just a few) argue that logical forms should be conjunctions of positive literals. On this view, the meaning of "John loves Mary" is the existential closure of