We end up with the notion that time and other basic forces can be significantly different, but in general they are just like we see them where we live. In the same way the homogeneity of density is Copernican, so is this notion of time and fields. It is about the familiar being general so that we don't imagine we are special again. Direct violations of existing paradigms don't count. We all know what happens when you break a physical law -- the law changes. What is really physically impossible (for you)? We value theories that are more 'efficient' in that they invoke fewer unobserved real entities. (This is the literal version of Occam's razor.) If you reach a point at any level of reconciliation with your including domain where transition back into a normal/'Popper' mode is impossible, and you are stuck in a 'revolutionary' mode, you are either still in a real (mini-) revolution, or you are not really in a 'revolutionary' mode at all, but in a pre-scientific one -- you are keeping your faith and no longer doing science. (Feyerabend's primary counterexample to this is Chinese medicine that involves sensing 'chi', which cannot generally be felt by everyone, and is not detectable by any physical device. The effectiveness of the resulting medicine proves, for him, this is science despite the presence of a privileged perspective. But we know how other forms of highly articulated placebos, like hypnosis or narrative therapies, can be more effective than better-grounded medicine. And we know privileged authority amplifies their effects ('sensitive-looking' women and older men make better therapists).) I would push this sense to its logical extreme. In a strong sense the homogeneity assumption is itself an application of the Copernican Principle. It is the assumption that we do not happen to inhabit a place where space is especially 'nice', in the sense of having the "Goldilocks" quantity of matter: that we don't live somewhere too special. At its base, faith in statistical inference simply has to be taken as a fact, and it cannot be rationalised. We need to believe that our experience of the regularity of past interactions with nature means it is basically regular, and that it somehow actively resists 'miracles'. Otherwise, we could equally explain success by being on the right side of God, just very lucky, or deluded. But no real proof of that assertion is possible. Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants. Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. However, this system of statistics is not the equivalent of baseball. To think so is confusing the map for the territory. If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader.