(15) The corrective action plan presented by Air Koryo in response to France’s request was not adequate and sufficient to correct the identified serious safety deficiencies. 

(b) By way of derogation from point (a), where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, the qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 

Right now, the distribution of seats in the Greek Parliament is: 

(13) Air Koryo demonstrated a lack of ability to address these safety deficiencies. 

The third round of the presidential election (Dec 29) failed to elect Stavros Dimas. The general election is set for 25, January 2015. 

If we take the opposition's statements at face value and all their MPs follow the party line, then the presidential election will fail. If that happens, then the government will have to dissolve the parliament in at most ten days. 

Golden Dawn and the Communist Party will most certainly not support the government's candidate. Nikolaos Michaloliakos, GD's leader, was arrested in September 2013 and is still imprisoned (pending trial), along with other prominent party members. GD has accused the government of persecution and it's extremely unlikely that they'll do them any favours. 

(d) are family members accompanying or joining a Union citizen who satisfies the conditions referred to in points (a), (b) or (c). 

At the same time, it seems that the people who agitate for a break with the EU and a significant part of the UK public are opposed to the freedom of movement for persons as such. If that was even on the table, would they be content with symbolically leaving the EU while the rules remain unchanged in this respect? 

So there is no absolute right to reside in other EU countries but four different ways to gain this right. Point (a) is for workers, point (c) is for students and point (d) is for family members accompanying another EU citizen who qualifies under (a), (b) or (c) (it's a derived right). 

There are, it's called “resettlement” and the process is administered by the UNHCR, directly in the refugee camps where most refugees are. In 2014, Germany, Sweden, and Norway accepted around 2000 resettlement applications each, Finland, the UK, and France around 1000. There is also a European programme to push member states to accept more and the numbers have been increasing in 2015 and 2016. 

One interesting aspect is that there is, under international law, no reason for the refugees themselves to accept our notion of where they should go. So what the directive envisions, in theory, is a system of transfers between member states subject the consent of the persons concerned. 

It's quite complicated because the rules in this and in many other respects are the same than those that apply to the respective national parliament so that they differ depending on where the MEP in question was elected. Member states can therefore set their own rules “for the withdrawal of the mandate of a member of the European Parliament” (similarly, until 2009, MEP would get the same salary than national MP, which resulted in huge gaps between MEP from different countries). 

Furthermore, to work as an EU civil servant, you need to speak at least two languages, one of them French, German, or English, and to be ready to learn a third one. Here again, English is never explicitly required and you might be able to find a few French speakers who know German and learn Spanish or Italian to satisfy all the requirements while carefully avoiding English but I would be surprised if there are many. So all civil servants already have a common language (and any given pair of civil servants will very often have two or three languages in common). 

Because of that, EU economies, while not perfectly unified, are integrated to a far deeper level than what international trade agreements allow. And you can easily use a UK branch to serve the whole EU. A country like Ireland used this very explicitly to position itself as a gateway to Europe. And the UK has many of the same advantages than Ireland (the language, qualified workforce, favourable regulations, etc.). It's less visible but it matters too. To the extent that leaving the EU would put the UK out of the single market, it could make the country less attractive for foreign investment and have some long-lasting impact on the economy. How much and whether it's worth it is another question. 

I would assume not, but it's not clear to me why Gibraltar has EU membership in the first place when other BOTs don't, so I know I'm missing something. The current situation also proves that BOTs don't automatically inherit the membership status of their 'parent' state but that there is some flexibility to determine this on a case-by-base basis. 

Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory. It is under the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the UK. It is the only BOT with EU membership, which it holds as a dependent territory of the UK, but it is the only BOT to hold EU membership. This is therefore not comparable to the situation with French overseas departments, which are almost the same status as metropolitan (geographically European) departments. 

Gibraltar voted 96% in favour of remaining within the EU. A few years ago, it voted even more overwhelmingly (98%) to reject joint UK-Spanish sovereignty. So, assuming no change in its sovereignty or status as a BOT, is there any legal mechanism that would allow Gibraltar to remain in the EU when the UK leaves?