It's important to note that, while you may not consider sleep a form of relaxation, when sleep is lacking it suddenly takes on a whole new gravity to your existence. Rejuvenating the mind involves rest--something you're not likely to get much of with a newborn around. You could follow the "Sleep when the baby sleeps" rule. If the baby takes a nap at 3:00 in the afternoon, then so do you. Even though your sleep pattern will not be anything like what it is now, you'll still be getting more sleep than if you didn't and this is a good thing. Despite my many years of post-secondary education, I never really knew sleep deprivation until I had kids. It also suggests moisturizing immediately after bathing as your skin will absorb the lotion better, and that the general rule-of-thumb with moisturizer is the thicker the better. If Johnson's isn't working, you might switch to a thicker lotion or a cream instead of Johnson's which is pretty thin as lotions go. Some of my mommy friends have had good results with Cetaphil or anything that's unscented and/or hypoallergenic. Just off the top of my head, I thought of: Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list).