The extra parameter allows us to fill in "Score" and "Rank" in the rows of type "Result Click". It doesn't seem to have long-lasting value or to ask about a problem in a general enough way. It's very specific, because of the "no repeat" clause which adds no value - picking at random with no constraints is just as fair, so why would someone need to look for a more complicated version of something that already works? For example, we're looking at how many searches one makes before finding a page, and when they do, we want to track how search performed. While we could have done this through a 302 redirect, we decided that this solution would be cleaner and give users the best performance. I find no fault in the current standard, as I don't see any valid reason to change it. If someone likes unicorns should we allow others to insult unicorns in their profiles? What about spaghetti monsters? 

First, how do you propose to measure success? It's not just about quantity (of anything), after all; some communities are large and some small, and "small but serves its topic niche very well" is certainly a supported configuration. (It's why betas don't get shut down just for not getting lots of questions.) Evaluation is subjective. You haven't described how one would do that quality evaluation, just said it should happen. If the "next badge" information is important enough to notify in some manner (I'm not convinced it is, but if), how about generating an actual notification for it? So when you get the badge you were working toward, you'd get two notifications, the usual one and then this one, normal-sized and governed by the scrollbar. The notifications would be branded with the site logos, and the notification list would remain global. Just a thought. In the new design, I have to look all the way to the right -- the hardest place to casually view other than the bottom of a window, from what I've heard UX folks say -- and I have to disambiguate a jumble of stuff. Some of that stuff might get clipped, too, judging from my experience on SO. 

Atheists find offensive any talk about the origin of the universe which is in contract with the scientific view. I, as an atheist, certainly find any such talk offensive, but I hold my breath constantly trying to respect everyone's right to be wrong. Should I be allowed to go around and delete such content as offensive? 

There is a difference between pointing an insult to you personally, and pointing an insult to something you merely believe in, namely that in the latter case it's well within the boundaries of freedom of expression ("This idea blows goats") and not in the boundaries of personal attacks ("You blow goats"). 

So: yes with all you say, but can I equally ask SE staff to take care to at least acknowledge highly-upvoted, short, self-explanatory meta requests? The outcome of the flagging decline policy should be to have at the same time: 

It's a super simple question that shows no effort, nor it needs to be answered with an algorithm. Just pick a person somehow and redo if it's not acceptable. Unless we want to discuss how to generate random numbers, the rest of the answer is completely trivial. There's no need of an algorithm. 

If you think a community's norms are out of whack, that a community seems to be welcoming material on a regular basis that a reasonable person would find offensive, a discussion about that might be needed. I don't know of any site that's anywhere close to doing that, but if you think one is, you should absolutely raise it either on that site's meta (if you're comfortable doing so) or via the "contact us" link (to reach SE). 

(Aside: isn't it kind of weird for the SE hamburger to have other stuff after it?) This also violates the design intent of the global-notifications pane. That stuff is supposed to be, well, global; nothing else there changes as I move around the network. So the distracting thing that covers up the content I want to see is also dynamic, which draws my attention to it. Leave it alone. It's not broken. 

Has had an Announcer badge awarded for it (to anybody) (easy to check but may set the bar too high) If I want my badge progress on my current site it's one click away. I guess the theory is that this might get the attention of people who aren't paying attention to badges, but how many of them are going to start just because they started getting a persistent notification?