To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot. It's based upon the equity those hands have against a random hand (or specific ranges of hands). You can check specific hand equities with tools like ProPokerTools. 

Ultimately this is only one measure of the value of a hand though and there are other factors which contribute to overall hand strength or whether you would want to play a particular hand in a certain way in a given situation. Equity calculations like this only show the absolute value of the hands if the hand goes to showdown and there is no further betting, ignoring considerations like implied (and reverse-implied) odds, bluff equity etc. If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. The responsibility to show first lies on the person who put in the last bet or raise on the last betting round. In your example, this will be the person who shoved all-in. If the second player sees those cards and his hand is not a winner, he can safely muck and the pot will be awarded to the shover. If the second player has the best hand and wants to win the pot, then he must show his cards eventually. In a cash game, there's typically no requirement that anyone show their hand at showdown if it's not a winning hand and you can muck at any time and relinquish any claim you have to the pot. In a tournament, there's a requirement that all hands be turned face-up in an all-in situation as some level of protection against collusion and chip dumping. To me, this says that in order for it to be considered a call, there cannot exist a situation where one chip is removed and the resulting value of chips does not at least equal a call. The corollary of this is that if there does exist at least one way in which a single chip can be removed and the remainder still constitutes a call, then it is a raise. In your case, the $500 chip can be removed and the amount in play is still sufficient for a call, so the action constitutes a raise. 

I am angered enough at the other two answers here to move my comments to an actual attempt at an answer. I think they really miss the point. In short: I am a little confused about your described hand action. The fact that you use A, B, and C to denote players implies to me that they're acting in that alphabetical order. If A bets 1000 and B calls 1000, then C calls all-in for 500, there's no reason for A to fold, because he owes no additional money to stay in the hand. Can you please clarify that action? If I was the dealer I would tell the player I can't tell you what is in the pot so I don't know what you are betting. Hopefully he would then come up with a number and that would be the end of it. Of course with murphy's law in effect some player is likely to pipe up and say, he has to bet the pot. At this point I am done with it, there is no point to argue here, I call the floor for a decision. There are variants of poker that use other then the five card rule. Texas Holdem and Omaha do not use other then the five card rule. 

In Texas Holdem all players have seven cards, the two hole cards in their hand and the five community cards that make up the board or flop. Whatever the poker game is: it is always the best five cards. However there can be variations with community card games as to where those best five cards are. Roberts rule book suggests: 28. Speaking a foreign language during a deal is not allowed. 

Poker: How to play poker and other gambling games When both players have one pair or two pair you need to understand you go to kickers to determine the best five cards. You need to understand that only the highest straight wins, not the longest straight and that straights and flushes do not have kickers. You need to understand that sevens full of threes beat sevens full of deuces. You need to understand the basic differences between Omaha and Holdem, where one requires that you play two cards in your hand and the other does not.