In WWII most armies were using a full power rifle cartridge for their service rifle. The US M1 Garand used .30-06 Springfield, while Germany's Kar 98K used 7.92x57mm Mauser. These are both very high pressure rounds producing roughly 400 MPa. They're ridiculously overpowered for a service rifle, but that's another answer. 

Second, it prevented more gold, "hard currency", from leaving the US. As the US economy crumbled, US citizens would be looking to protect their money by investing in foreign countries; foreign countries who wanted gold. As gold left the country the money supply would shrink causing deflation and worsening the depression. To prevent this, US citizens owning or trading gold was outlawed a year prior to the Gold Reserve Act. The question is less why didn't the US use stamped weapons, and more why the Germans took the risk on stamped weapons. In the end, Congress negotiated a compromise tariff which satisfied both sides enough to back down. The particular issue was resolved, but the basic problem remained. Up to $50 per veteran was to be handed out immediately. The rest would go into an Adjusted Service Certificate to be paid out, with interest, in 20 years. They were basically given a government bond redeemable in 1945. Vets could use the bond as collateral to borrow money, but they couldn't cash it in until 1945. I emailed C&C Sutlery for a definitive answer and they confirmed this. 

When a layman considers a tank, they see the gun and armor and that's it. It cannot be overstated how important it is for a tank to have a good drive-train, and how many otherwise excellent tanks were crippled by bad transmissions and weak engines overloaded with too much armor. Tank engines have to move 30-70 tons at 30mph, and their transmissions have to transmit 400-700 horsepower at high torque. It doesn't matter how good your tank is if it breaks down or gets stuck in the mud every 50 miles. It doesn't matter how thick your front armor is if I can drive around behind you. The Tiger never solved their drive-train problems. The early Panther production was crippled by them, in the Battle of Kursk nearly as many were lost to breakdowns as to enemy action. The KV/IS series of tanks was, in some ways, Soviet engineers learning to make decent transmissions. 

By the time 1861 rolled around the political and legal arguments had been gone over without resolution for decades. Unlike smaller islands, the Philippines had a self-sustaining local economy. They could grow their own food. They had their own water supply. They would not "wither on the vine" like others. Though fuel and spares would be a concern, the island chain is so large their stockpiles may last for months of sustained operations. Their food could be exported, to the detriment of the local population and despite attempts at an Allied blockade, to feed an increasingly hungry Japan. 

Beyond that, depends on what you call an accident. How about losing a nuclear bomb? How about losing several of them? These are known as Broken Arrow incidents and for the number there have been its surprising that none of them resulted in a nuclear explosion. Bomb designers know their job. You can see here that the people still consider themselves citizens of States first, and then those states are part of a Union. This is implied in several places in the Constitution, Article IV, Section 2 governing interstate law is one such example. The elaborate Japanese plan of feints and ruses was eavesdropped on by US code breakers who realized Midway was the target. This allowed Midway to be heavily reinforced and the US fleet to be waiting. Midway had only 28 fighters, mostly woefully obsolete Brewster Buffaloes, and were wiped out in the first attack. They shot down a few aircraft. Samuel Chase of Maryland (a slave state) made the point that since this is a surrogate for determining the ability of a state to pay taxes, only the white inhabitants should be counted since they controlled most of the wealth. Slaves were considered property and "cannot be distinguished from the lands or personalities held in those states where there are a few slaves." He's saying that if you count both white and slaves as a surrogate for determining tax burden, they'll be overtaxed.