The age of the old testament The age of John the Baptist The age of Christ The age of the Christian Empires The age of Tyranny Where the time since the vikings (850 AD) is the current age, being a time of secular kings who have "degenerated" away from Christianity in the view of Erasmus. 

I would particularly note that the part of the Russia facing and within Poland was formerly known as "Black Russia" (Russia Nigra) in contradistinction to White Russia, which was a crown land of the Czar hence the noble part of Russia. This consideration alone I think eliminates the animal explanation as a red herring and reinforces the dominant view (of Voltaire, et al) that the White refers to the noble or Czarist part of the country. 

There were actually many Roman cities in England and even in the 8th century "Rome" still existed in England in particular communities containing real colonists descended from actual Romans. So, not only were the people in England aware of Rome, they considered them to be friends and neighbors, even. There is a very interesting book, recently published, which is a micro-study of one such town, called Wasperton. The book is called "Wasperton: A Roman, British and Anglo-Saxon Community in Central England.". As you can read in this book, Latin was still widely being spoken in England in the 8th century among ordinary people. Many people even considered themselves to be actual "Romans" even though they were "temporarily" being ruled by barbarian kings. 

Chairs have always been in use. There are chairs in Tutankhamen's tomb. The Romans used high-backed chairs extensively especially by women, which were called a "cathedra." Our word "cathedral" comes from this word, a cathedral being the "seat" of a bishop. Such chairs were also in use among the Greeks. 

Thus, not only did everyone in England know of the glory of Rome past, many lived it as fallen and conquered Romans hoping for a restoration. 

Note that Crown Prince is a colloquial (and descriptive) term, not a proper title. The phrase Heir Apparent likewise is simply a descriptive term rather than a title. The official title for various European royal heirs are: 

Also note that the practice is so ubiquitous that it is only mentioned in consequence of the inability of the Romans to spell each other, due to being so badly outnumbered. 

Finally, this online article looks in some detail, slightly romanticized, at key concepts in Medieval Warfare including the recruiting, pay, and organization of both mercenary and other troops. 

So, to return to the question asked - the turning point in the Hundred Years' War was the loss of interest (and ability) on the part of the English monarchy to enforce its claim to the French monarchy, in consequence of an extended period of internal instability during and following the death of Henry V in 1422 that lasted until 1485. 

As to why all those churches are centrally located within the downtown core of the city, that's easily explained - because the downtown core of the city was the walled portion of the city. 

Remember the mnemonic Do Men Ever Visit Boston - in descending order: Duke, Marquis, Earl (Count on the continent), Viscount, Baron. 

From the above, and reading between the lines, it is soon obvious why French kings were so eager to supply mercenaries to various English factions during the *Wars of the Roses. It immediately resulted in various trouble-making bodies relocating offshore, who when dismissed half-paid would then pillage the English countryside until apprehended or re-hired elsewhere. 

A quick look at the attached map of the battlefield for Crecy makes clear that the launch zone for the French knights was located 3 or 4 times effective arrow range from the English lines, so the question of safety for archers running forward really doesn't exist. 

For the southern universities modeled on Bologna, studying for an advanced degrees in law, medicine or theology would have as prerequisite prior knowledge of the liberal arts. 

ArchDuke (ErzHerzhog in Germanic lands) is a (somewhat) artificial title constructed by the Hapsburgs to, prior to their becoming the hereditary holders of HRE and the Monarchy of Spain, distinguish themselves from other Duke-Electors. Elector is a distinguished Duke in the Holy Roman Empire, with the hereditary right to vote in the election of the HRE. ErzHerzog, through being only ever granted to members of the Hapsburg royal family, became a de facto royal rank rather than a noble one, essentially equivalent to Prince. 

Prince is always a royal rank rather than a noble one, as are of course King and Queen and Emperor along with its variants (Kaiser, Tsar, King of Kings, etc.). I am unsure whether a Queen Consort is considered royal or noble, and this may actually vary by state. 

In large castles the standard method for preventing this kind of attack is to put an iron gate in front of the door. This prevents any accumulation of wood from being placed directly against the door. Also, such gates, like block houses, always have overhangs with down ports so that water can be poured down onto the gate. 

I would particularly note that the part of the Russia facing and within Poland was formerly known as "Black Russia" (Russia Nigra) in contradistinction to White Russia, which was a crown land of the Czar hence the noble part of Russia. This consideration alone I think eliminates the animal explanation as a red herring and reinforces the dominant view (of Voltaire, et al) that the White refers to the noble or Czarist part of the country. 

Wives: Some women would be married and do whatever was necessary around the home. Making cloth and clothing consumed a lot of time which kept women busy. Many women would be unattached, being spinsters, free spirits or widows. Such women would work for a living being, well, spinsters (you guessed it) or knitters. There were usually certain professions set aside for single women, such as ale making. Many women were doctors/herbalists and harlotry was common.