Let assume some "technical" facts regarding Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems : Assume F ⊢ G; then ProvF(⌈G⌉) and, by the condition F ⊢ G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), we have that G is false. Then, by soundness of F (i.e. F proves only true sentences) : F ⊬ G, contradicting our assumption that F ⊢ G. Thus, by propositional logic : F ⊬ G. The argument above licenses the: We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: (3) The kind of colour and degree of refractability that any particular sort of ray has can’t be changed by refraction, or by reflection from natural bodies, or by any other cause that I have so far found. Assuming that the system F is sound with respect to truth in the structure of the natural numbers (called N), we have that : 

It can be frustrating ... bu Frege has no "theory of mind", nor a thpoery of language aquisition. The Essays remain an exceptional historical testimony of the progress of privacy and individualism, a blossoming of subjectivity, an attainment of personal maturity that will be copied, but maybe never matched since. It seems that Montaigne, who dedicated himself to freedom of the mind and peacefulness of the soul, did not have any other aim through writing than cultivating and educating himself. Since philosophy had failed to determine a secure path towards happiness, he committed each individual to do so in his own way. 

Another way to reach the same limit is to take a Geometric distribution (which is always defined over an infinite number of states) and take the limit as p goes to 0. "Thus the probability that the Turing machine finds itself in a moment with any counter value must be zero." 

Although he does not explicitly reference qualia, Thomas Nagel follows essentially this line of thought in What Is It Like to Be a Bat?: humans, and bats, and other organisms have subjective experiences, it's unclear how these relate to physical phenomena, thus there is a problem in reductionistic approaches to mind. Namely, they do not address this issue of qualia -- how qualia arise, what their connection to the physical is etc. His own proposal for addressing this is to more completely, and objectively, pin down the features/characteritics of qualia (my interpretation), in his words "we can pursue a more objective understanding of the mental in its own right", and only by doing so can we resolve questions about physicalism. Basically it's an assumption of uniformity of properties across the class of objects we call humans -- which is a more simple hypothesis that is consistent with all of our observations than the hypothesis that only one (or a small fraction) of humans are conscious. This can be seen as an empirical, scientific proof that (essentially) all humans are conscious. There is empirical support for the existence of qualia: my own mental states usually include features like "perceiving red" etc. I suspect that you find the same to hold for your mental states. In addition people in general report about their mental states in a way that is consistent with all of them having qualia. Thus at the common-sense day to day (i.e. pre-theoretic) level, qualia exist. The main question is whether these apparent qualia are in some way fundamental, or otherwise irreducable to other mental or physical characteristics. (The idea that objects have an intrinsic tendency to slow down in Aristotles' physics seems like a rough analog. everybody sees that this is the case in their day to day lives, but it is not an irreducable feature of a more accurate theory) The preceding argument is based just on the local context of the interview; if you take Chomsky's view of language as a whole, you can construct a more general argument. Chomsky's key finding was a set of patterns/rules that (seem to) apply universally to human language. (AFAIK) No one has proposed that these exact same rules manifest in the structure in music, or even that there are close analogs between rules of the "universal grammar" and the patterns/structure of music when examined cross-culturally. Thus, in terms of Chomsky's view of language, music is not a language because it lacks these features. (P) All language activities involve the use of words, whether those words are expressed externally (spoken/written) or internally (your internal monologue). (P) Music composition does not involve the the use of words. (Emphasis on music because we are not talking about lyrics and songwriting) (C) Thus, music composition is not a language activity. Magee uses the phrase "without words" to describe a feature of the mental process of composing music; Chomsky follows up with a more concrete picture that there are different kinds/types of mental machinery, and musical composition does not involve the "language machinery" used to process and generate words. The idea, which as far as I can tell is accurate, is that when composers are composing they aren't (for the most part) having an inner dialog, they internally hear the sounds that they want, and then write it down.