The translator notes on the word practical: Of course for many codes the answer will be, it's not morally good at all. But all of us hold ourselves (and, very likely, others as well) to some sort of ethical code and to the extent that we do what our code requires, we feel justified in calling our actions good. Is there some greater, abstract, ideal of good that is reflected in our ethical codes or do our codes themselves define the good? 

Tangentially, the value of existence over nonexistence is a critical premise in the ontological argument for God. As far as I can see, rejecting the premise is the simplest possible objection to the argument since it completely sidesteps the more difficult problem of whether the argument is itself valid. 

One area of study that may be helpful to you is Moral Foundations Theory, developed by Jonathan Haidt, which suggests these universal principles: I won't argue here that such a value ought to outweigh the practical considerations of allowing trade in human organs, but I will say that the value of sanctity neither is nor can be defended via reason. Valuing it is just part of being human. Take for instance the Golden Rule: 

So at least two great Western philosophers believe that happiness is the cause of every human action. Aristotle's argument, which is quite thorough, seems difficult to refute. 

More difficult is child sacrifice found in the ancient near east, which seems to violate family loyalty. That practice probably arose from total dominance of the "Respect" principle for particularly brutal gods. It could also arise from loyalty to the nation rather than family as it was sometimes performed by kings killing their own sons in times of national distress. (See 2 Kings 3:27.) Further, it could be that child sacrifice arose not from faulty morality, but from faulty science: if you believe that famine comes because a god demands sacrifice, you could believe that voluntarily sacrificing a small number of people could save a great many more by preventing famine. While it might be tempting to simply say that ethical codes define goodness, we are then forced to ask the meta-question: 

Ruben made an excellent comment below asking about some features of the Moral Foundations Theory. I should start by pointing out that it is still a work in progress as the authors are considering new principles and realigning the existing ones. There have been several suggestions that may expand the range of foundations to cover more systems of human morality. There is also a very real social justice consideration: the people most likely to need to sell organs are also the most likely to need to remain healthy. The simplest way to get at the concern is to ask yourself how much it would take to sell, for instance, one of your kidneys. Would $10,000 be enough to give up a vital organ that you may want to hold onto for your later years? What about $1 million? If you are very poor, the first number would be tempting because it represents a large percentage of their yearly income. But I don't think the second number would interest me at all. If we say that some set of principles are moral truths and if there are potential conflicts among the principles, changes in moral practice may arise not from rejecting previous moral truths, but from rejecting the weight assigned to those truths in application. 

Well, you got me to read the Cracked article, which I enjoyed. To summarize: we only have room for a small number of people within our "Monkeysphere" (roughly the people we can know well enough to identify as people without resorting to stereotypes) and therefore we can treat the vast majority of humanity with indifference. And of course, one way to analyse changes in moral practice over time is to examine the shifts of who morale principles apply to and who they don't.