But back to the question about God's love. Here is where Calvin does seems to fail somewhat, compared to say Luther. Luther would say, yes God chooses without men's will determining anything, yet he would also say God loves each one and to resolve the contradiction he would say, I do not know, it is a mystery, both are true and the answer is hidden from puny men. Calvin would not directly disagree with Luther but he simply would leave some of the encouragements about God's general love for all, absent from the discussion, leaving some with the impression that his view of God was a cruel one. In this sense yes, as great as he was in explaining so many doctrines possibly better than any other before him since the Apostle Paul himself I think he makes the impression that his hear was starting to grow a little cold on this subject as he did not seem to make much effort countering the balance of election and God's boundless love. In other words, I am a Calvinist and although I do not disagree with anything Calvin said on the subject of election, I do disagree on what he left out of the subject, which other like Luther put almost front and center. 

Calvin, like St. Augustine before him believed in dual predestination, whereby God determines in advance of one's birth, if they will ultimately perish or be saved. However unlike St. Augustine who did not believe that we could obtain clear assurance that we are 'the elect' the reformation largely developed by Luther and then in some sense 'systematized' by Calvin, as you say, added the belief that one could and should enjoy the confidence of knowing they are 'elect'. 

Summary Most evangelicals believe they are justified prior to sanctification. While still enemies of God and without any holiness they are declared holy. Then afterwards they are protected by that justification, through sanctification, all the way to glory. It is all free grace and not derived from works, though works will automatically accompany this great freedom. Catholics, on the other hand, feel there is no such thing as justification apart from your continued works. This is all silly nonsense talk. Rather, sanctification is all that matters and it starts with your baptism into the Roman Catholic church body and then is maintained by your effort, works and confession. This sanctification justifying you is done 'in cooperation' with something they also call grace. Of course by grace they mean something quite different from a Protestant. 

The protestant view does not link works with grace as the Roman Catholics do. Protestants that believe in once saved always saved (arguable the majority) hold to the doctrine of justification by faith apart from works. Under this doctrine a person does not flip back and forth between a state of grace and a state outside of grace, but is always in grace after conversion. Therefore whatever sins a Christian commits he is never in a state of condemnation. The sins that a true believer are capable of committing are quite varied. The most extreme case would seem to be evident in King David's example of orchestrating the murder of the man whose wife he had committed adultery with. Also a person who professes Christ but lives a life of sin has never been outside of a state of condemnation as their faith is not real. What exactly defines a 'life of sin' is more or less that life that people live outside of the Protestant faith. Those that live according to godless beliefs or corrupted Christian beliefs which mix works with grace. 

Regarding the phrase 'least in the kingdom' this supports the general belief that there are degrees of honor in eternal glory just as there are degrees of suffering in eternal death (Luke 12:47–48). 

After mentioning various proofs of the Calvinistic doctrine of original sin, Owen goes on to explain how Adam's sin imputed to human nature is not just a bare imputation of another’s fault, but an intrinsically inner corruption of our nature and shared guilt. That is to say that we are guilty of sin before we are born and we crave sin as soon as we are possible to crave moral things. Then he explains that Arminian thoughts that oppose this traditional concept: 

Now we come to the word 'alone'. This is the hinge where controversy turns, because it either allows God to be full of love for sinners, or refuses it. If we were to say, 'Did God only created the Devil and the apostates in hell, for the 'sole purpose' of simply suffering, in order that God might be glorified' we would be going a tad further than what anyone has ever believed as we would absolutely be excluding his love for sinners in every way. We would not allow any other reason (.i.e., some loving reason) for their being created other then their destruction (which seems like hate to me). If we say that 'God created the Devil and apostates in hell, full knowing that they would only end up in hell, although they may have served another purpose, yet, nevertheless as they will be in hell, it is now there ultimate purpose for being created as respects there own life', we would be more along the lines of a Luther or Calvin.