I've commented briefly on some of that in a publication with respect to their views of autonomy vs. relationality in the self, but I do recall having done some reading on renxing in Chinese thought, but I'm not sure where those notes are. In part, philosophy is about how we think, so I'm doing you a disservice if I merely share my views and present them as the answers. On this detail, I at a minimum should try to find someone with opposite views and we could talk about the issues together. But it's doubtful I'm competent to write a full textbook that covers the entire history of philosophy (The most recent such text that has a good university level grasp is Coppleston's). And it's doubtful I could make it short enough to be one book without just highlighting the views I study (so if it was me, you would get some Plato, some Mencius, some Aristotle, a little Descartes, then jump to Kant, add Hegel and Kierkegaard). To simplify this point, philosophy has a lot of disputed questions where I'm not doing my job if I boil it down to a simple digestible version of how I read things -- a premise in philosophy is that it'd be very difficult to know the subtleties of every single argument. As Swami indicates in a comment, the task of philosophy as an academic discipline often directly relates to reading the classical texts. In this sense, an education in philosophy is sometimes perceived as learning a canon, which would probably include say Plato, Aristotle, Descartes, Locke, Hume, Kant, and Mill at a minimum. On such a model of philosophy, the task is to learn to understand the positions and thought of certain thinkers as they fit into the history of philosophy. To put it another, philosophy as an academic discipline could be described as learning to analyze hard texts. Moving to secondary literature, my knowledge is a bit more limited since I haven't focused on Taoism in Chinese philosophy. My sense is a good place to start is by reading through the prefaces to recent translations by Roger Ames and Henry Rosemont of the Daodeijing and oddly enough the Analects and some other texts. They write extensively about their translation choices and have an opinion on the subject directly. Finally, there is this popular collection of essays on the film (including one by Zizek) which may be worth looking at if you haven't already. We'll go a little further in the reading than we did in the other answer just to underline this point: In terms of philosophers to investigate, I might suggest a few potential jumping-off points. Just in passing and much too long for a comment: Deleuze's thoughts on this may be aggressive -- but keep in mind that (as he says) the question "what is the use of philosophy?" itself is intended to be caustic or at least ironic. He assumes that God would accept the sort of cold, calculating faith able to make such a wager seriously. Occasionalism is the position that God is the true and "efficient" cause of all that occurs. Absolutely nothing happens, except through him, even when we appear to witnessing the demonstration of a law of nature, or indeed experience ourselves to be directly exercising agency over our activity. For the perhaps more general problem of demons from a philosophical or psychoanalytic perspective, I might suggest looking at Reza Negarestani's Cyclonopedia for serious discussions of demons and demonology. Nick Land's work may also offer some insight into the problem; I might suggest Fanged Noumena, a collection of his essays. Reza Negarestani may merit some attention with respect to this problem. The work I would point you to would be Cyclonopedia. To my mind he most directly answers to the terms of your question. For background, here are the relevant remarks from Nietzsche and Philosophy (p. 106 of this edition):