Learning is an encounter, a series of critical events distributed around a singular process of assembly with an outside. It exposes us to chance, new responses. It does not reproduce a structure, but passively permits one to emerge through modulation, developing and organizing it as the phase-space engendered by the phenomena is navigated. Rules demand meta-rules, in a potentially infinite regress: where to apply them? How strictly? How will we know if our application has been effective? And so on. In other words, for every written rule, there are a number of unwritten errata; and further unwritten codices for when and how to apply it. A few thoughts, probably too quickly. It seems to me that an ought could be understood as the "sense" of the moral sentiment, but in particular it is a moral judgment. The sentiment then correlates with a feeling of shame, responsibility, piety -- perhaps at bottom simply the desire to obey. Moral passions are negative in this sense, relying on guilt and deprivation as implicit motivators. Maybe more simply: to my mind the sense of an ought is the constraint of free action, the separation of bodies and forces from what they can do. In this sense the ought subjugates, interposes, nullifies. Wittgenstein himself seems to indicate that rule-following is a praxis, though perhaps not an unparadoxical one -- from the selection you asked after: Finally, there is this popular collection of essays on the film (including one by Zizek) which may be worth looking at if you haven't already. We could propose perhaps that the kettle is in another cosmos; at any rate, somewhere radically inaccessible. But once granting the possibility of gaining knowledge about some theoretical larger metaverse, a "truly" inaccessible teakettle then would have to be not only in an entirely different cosmos than ours, but outside of any cosmos that could be conceivably interconnected with ours at any point. Accepted scientific theories generally aren't proven wrong outright but rather superseded by more general theories that preserve most existing techniques -- as you suggest Einstein supplanting Newton simply didn't prove that Newtonian physics was "false". Watson proceeds to demonstrate how Guattari on several occasions illuminates the notion of the diagram with the example of theoretical physics. The takeaway for me here was how the diagram functions 'outside of' language but nevertheless 'makes use' of signs. Watson formulates this point as follows (p. 13): 'This "diagrammatic process" makes use of signs, but not language, and therefore uses neither signifiers nor signification.' We have the opinions we deserve; but I am tempted to emphasize here our feelings, our capacity to be affected and become-sensitive to different signs or phenomena, to new distributions of the intolerable and tolerable, the remarkable and the uninteresting -- our capacity to create new senses, new problems, be affected by different things, feel differently, and finally think differently. More generally, the theme of virtual reality is covered fairly deeply by Baudrillard and to some extent Paul Virilio (note that a hollowed-out copy of Baudrillard's Simulacra and Simulation appears in one of the earliest scenes of the film.) However, some modern critics like Stephen Palmquist have argued that in fact philosophy requires these aposterior analytic claims to function in its characteristic 'hypothetical' mode: But an examined life is painful, and necessitates an involvement with real problems. This is why it's worth living -- the unreflective are easily trapped into a living death of the mind by mythology, as the reflective sometimes are by ideology. In both cares we are deadened, sleepwalking through our lives blind and deaf, incapable of interacting with the world as it actually is much less imagining the world as it should be. For a somewhat different take on the problem of simulation in general you may wish to compare de Landa's Philosophy and Simulation. Furthermore, I think things get significantly more complex when we need to talk about the identity or equality of two distinct objects, even if it is ultimately the same object simply referred to in different ways. (I believe in particular there are implications for epistemology and the theory of reference.) I sense that we may already be straying beyond the bounds of your question, but I would speculatively suggest that the kettle would ultimately have to be considered as a kind of virtual particle. The kettle then would have to be walking a vacuum diagram -- somehow travelling backwards in time to causally found itself -- in order to truly minimize access. The general system of knowledge is an assemblage -- it is rooted or at least hierarchical, as though flowing from principles, and permits us to believe in its universality and naturalness (the certainty that good will is sufficient to discover the truth.) Watson's Guattari's Diagrammatic Thought addresses this directly, and in particular goes over the evolution of this concept in some detail (from p. 12): The transition between phases of a life or points of view (that makes us 'idiots') also brings new opportunities for development and organization, even new conceptual and perceptual potentials -- being affected by new signs, forced by them to a new labor of decoding, the work of thinking (which never exhausts or perhaps even touches what it 'thinks it thinks'...)