As far as the first half. I suspect there is far more overlap in these two data sets. I'm going to CW this and see if we can build a comprehensive list. 

Retrosheet also has the box score here 

My research also indicates that the all time low water mark is: 

Pete Schneider for the Cincinnati Reds on July 6th 1918 against the Philadelphia Phillies. 

The Reds beat the Phillies 10-9 in regulation. Schneider was charged with 6 runs, all in the 9th failing to record an out. The reliever that followed him also failed to record and out. Fred Toney was finally able to come in and get the save. No play by play is available so the exact order of events is unknown. 

The second half of your question is actually answered here (very bottom of page): 

Vosberg is the actual answer here, his LL team played in the championship game and his college and pro teams won it all. 

The next best are Tommy Harper of the Seattle Pilots with 126 in 1969, Deon Sanders of the Reds in 1997 with 127. And finally rounding out the top 5 are Lou Whitaker and Luis Polonia For the 89 Tigers and 90 Angels respectively with 128 each. 

The answer to this question is Kaz Matsui in 2004 for the New York Mets with 125 hits. 

The answer is 13. It has happened twice, once in a 10 inning game, and once in a 9 inning game. 

What is for sure is that Schneider did give up 13 walks and still managed to take home the victory. 

Bill O'Rourke of the 1878 Boston Red Stockings with 71 hits over the 60 games that comprised that league year. 

I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). 

My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year. 

This was unintentional, and caused by the pH of the pool being "outside the usual range". Quoting from BBC News: 

In the men's 5000m, Mo Farah won with a time of 13:41.66, a time which would have placed him in the middle of the field in either of the heats. The fastest time was Dejen Gebremeskel at 13:15.15, 25s quicker than the winning time in the final. 

In the men's 1500m at the 2012 Olympics, Abdalaati Iguider ran 3:34.00 in the 2nd semi-final. The final was won by Taoufik Makhloufi in a time of 3:34.08. 

It explained that the discoloration was caused by the pH level - or acidity level - of the water being "outside the usual range". 

Your criteria are also met in the women's 1500m, women's 5000m and men's 3000m steeplechase. 

Given how easy it was to find those (I just started with the track and field events at the most recent Olympics and worked up through the distances), I suspect this is a not uncommon occurrence, particularly in the longer distance events where races can be more tactical. In particular, the "fastest N losers qualify" rule will tend to force qualifying rounds to be quick to give athletes the best chance of making the finals, but there's no such pressure in the final. 

Andrea Pirlo comes up with 18 titles if you count only club and international titles. He's won numerous individual awards as well. Also an olympic bronze :) 

While I don't have the energy to check many more players, I'd wager the holder of most titles would be a player who won a lot, not only in clubs but also nationals. Also modern players would likely have more titles, simply because there are more competitions now, compared to what existed in the 50s. 

Zlatan Ibrahimovic recently had his 50 goals milestone (also a national record for Sweden) prior to with 100 appearance for the team. With 50 goals in 100 games he's averaging a goal in every second game which is as far as I can tell a great ratio, making him one of the most prominent strikers of modern football. 

Lastly, Xavi Hernandez had a great career with has gotten him 27 titles, if I didn't count wrong. 

I remember a glorious Istanbul derby (GS-FB) in 2008-2009 season that ended 0-0 but with 4 reds and 4 yellows, but I cannot go as far to claim that it's the most red cards shown in the league history. It's perhaps worth mentioning that just the year before that the same teams tallied 4 reds and 11 yellows in a cup game.