However, theirs in pre-Christ times was not the salvation of the Christian faith, for they were not made children of God (unsure of this), nor did God dwell in them. Not until Jesus died on the cross and rose again could they receive the full salvation of their faith. Their sins were only covered, waiting for Christ to come. We get that doctrine from Romans 3:25-26, which tells us that God overlooked the sins of the past to demonstrate at the present time His righteousness by saving people through faith in Jesus. Many Christians believe that when Jesus died, He went into the region where the earlier believers were and communicated the gospel story to them to encourage them so they would have a fuller comprehension of the one they believed in. (This doctrine has its roots in Ephesians 4:9 and 1 Peter 3:19). 

2) In general, people misunderstand their organized religion, thinking that going to church, being nice, and doing one’s best is all that God requires. We can’t remember everything in the Bible, so we sum up some basic ideas (“Do to others as you want them to do to you”) and never go deeper. 

God warned King Abimelech in a dream about taking Sarah, Abram's wife. The king knew God's voice and responded appropriately (Genesis 20:1-11). There seemed to be a greater consciousness of God in those old days than we possess now in our secularized societies. I'm not saying that Abimelech was "saved," but he did believe God's words. 

There are many answers to this as there are people. God doesn't force His will on His hearers. It's their choice whether they will accept the message, whether through preaching or, if they never heard, through a guilty conscience to seek relief, which God can use to draw to Himself (as I mentioned with the missionaries earlier). 

To be self-judging and gaining victory over our major faults through God’s patient help is a product of God’s work in the believer. It is not natural to us. This life where God changes us a narrow way and it leads to life. 

So how were people saved before the OT was written? By God communicating Himself personally and people believing Him. When they believe His words, they are believing the one who spoke them, just like when Abraham believed God's promise. 

It isn't enough to believe the Catholic faith--you also have to live it. In fact. how you live demonstrates what you believe. If you have what is termed "saving faith," it will manifest itself in a holy, obedient life. If your faith is nothing more than a list of propositions to which you give mental assent, you have only intellectual faith, the kind James says is insufficient for salvation (Jas 2:24)." [italics in original.] p21.