Here are some references for homosexuality and treating it to be against the nature of God and his design. There are though some translation variations, but whatever translation one take they portray basically same point. Also this court was to meet every day during daytime hours and was not to meet on the Sabbath or holy days,but broke this rule to condemn Jesus. Likewise, Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding cities, which, in the same manner as they, indulged in sexual immorality and pursued unnatural lust, serve as an example by undergoing a punishment of eternal fire.(NRSV) It is logical that once you have enough evidence for Jesus’ historical presence on earth, the next logical question posed is whether He really did all those miracles which are mentioned in Gospels. Having said that, there are some non Christian sources pointing to the existence of Jesus and then to what He did too. Then there are several Gnostic writings and gospels which invariably portray Jesus as Miracle performer. Whoever wrote these texts; the writers were consistent to write about the most common theme found in the Gospels about Jesus: that He was a performer of great miracles, yet they chose to differ with four canonical Gospels, on other traits about the persona of Jesus. We are to model our marriages after the the relationship that Jesus has with the church, not after the helper relationship that Adam had with Eve. Monogomy and polygyny by Walter Scheidel, Stanford University (2009) Because we know that Goliath was from Gath (from 1 Samuel) and that the giants in Gath were descendants of the Nephilim (from 2 Samuel) it's pretty safe to assume he was one of those. Jacob's wives competed. But the story there isn't to avoid polygamy, but to focus on God and make your marriages holy and godly. If your marriages are focused on God instead of on selfish ambition, this won't happen! Furthermore, in John Skinner's Genesis: International Critical Commentary (T & T Clarke, Edinburgh, 1930) p. 70, Skinner notes that the word for "flesh" here is synonymous for "clan" or "family group"--both in the Hebrew and Arabic. This word for "flesh", in fact, is the same word used here in Leviticus 25:49 The true historical significance of Greco-Roman [monogamy] may well lie in its impact on the Christian tradition. Goliath, himself, was a Philistine. He was also known as the "Goliath of Gath". Gath was one of the five city-states of Philistine. Polygamy is a sin because it goes against the law. The law is in place because it is a carryover from the paganistic societies of ancient Rome. Preventing polygamy was not a biblical concept, but one that came after Jesus, after authorship of the bible, and after the genesis of Christianity. Why it's illegal Polygamy was not uncommon among the Jews in biblical times. It wasn't until the the Romans came in that polygamy became outlawed. Even then, it was still allowed; Josephus made notes explaining that polygamy was permitted to Herod because it was permitted by Jewish custom. It's also safe to assume some possible genetic issues (due to the six fingers and toes). The reason I ask is that people sometimes emphatically state that the 6 AD census was the first and thus Luke must be wrong to tie it to Jesus' birth. (Whereas grammatically it is possible that Luke is saying "the census before that one".) I am just wondering if there is any hard data behind this statement, or if it as exactly as it appears - an overstatement of the confidence with which we know this "fact". Instead, healing comes from prayer to God: tsara'ath (leprosy) In regard to צָרָ֫עַת/tsara'ath (usually translated leprosy, although as Daniel points out the symptoms don't really match those of leprosy) specifically, the illness usually develops after a person attempts to challenge authority, a strong indication that it is the result of a specific sin. For example, after Miriam challenged Moses (Numbers 12:10–15) and after Gehazi disobeyed Elisha (II Kings 5:20–27). 1 Encyclopedia Judaica: Leprosy Here, "fools" are afflicted with illness because of their sinfulness and are cured when they ask God for help. In absence of this power, Sanhedrin plotted to have Him murdered (Jn 11:47-53), paid Judas Iscariot 30 pieces of silver to betray Jesus (Mt 26:14-16)(Mk 14:10-11)(Lk 22:1-6), had Him arrested and tried Him using false witnesses to accuse Him (Mt 26:47-66)(Mk 14:43-65)(Lk 22:47-53)(Jn 18:1-27), then pressured Pontus Pilate into having Him crucified (Mt 27:1-26)(Mk 15:1-15)(Lk 23:1-25)(Jn 18:28-19:16). For the sake of argument, let’s say the Gospels were intended religious texts because they contain narration of miracles and Jesus’ teachings about God. This means then that there doesn’t exist by definition any non-religious accounts for Jesus’ life and miracles. If any account features what He taught and what He did, it pretty much counts as a religious text. If there were a “non-religious” work with as much detail as the four evangelists include, it would be considered a religious text. Homosexuality is definitely against the nature and contrary to God’s design. Even when there is a loud clamour for justification of homosexuality in a liberal world (where good is projected as bad and vice versa) on the basis emotional factor involved between these individuals, they fail to justify the very physical act of homosexuality minus this emotional factor. Emotionally they may feel attracted towards one another yet physically they cannot accommodate one another and that itself is the testimony that it is an emotional sickness/disorder which needs to be corrected.