Reliability - Shrader are used in every car tire in the world. Presta are probably at least as reliable, nuf said 

Length : Although long Shrader valves are available, if you have deep rims you are more likely to find Presta in long valves. 

Valve Length - Although tubes with long Shrader valves are now available, its more common for rims requiring long valves to be Presta. 

The debate of Presta or Shrader is mostly religious and often based on poorly misunderstood facts or historical differences. 

So why use one or other - I mostly run Presta because many people still think Schader is a mark of a BSO, and although I ride a 10 year bike, I would not be seen dead on a BSO. 

Robustness - personal experience and anecdotal from internet discussions - Presta is prone to having the end broken off by some combination of one or more of clumsy novice and cheap pump. I have not done in the last couple of decades... Shrader really do require the caps to keep rubbish out of the core (although plenty don't and seem to last OK) 

If the MTB tires have an aggressive MTB tread pattern the mismatch would be best addressed by matching tires and getting another road tire. 

I had a look at pics of the bike, and see the clearance is small on a 2.1 tire - Rockshox Recon and the standard 29 x 2.1 are pretty standard across many bikes (mine included) and I have not heard of a problem. The Rubber Queen is a 2.4, so I would suggest going back to a 2.1 and see if you still have a problem (maybe the bike maker does know what they are doing when they choose tire sizes). If you really want to stick to a 2.4 size, look around for a low profile tire. However, the Recon is not an AM shock - it's designed for XC, where 2.1 is the more common size used and 2.4 has little advantage. 

Edit: Weight : Presta a marginally lighter, only you know why you care so much. 

Rim Width - in the 21st century, the problem is less about the strength of the rim and more to do with fitting the tire beads and valve into a narrow rim. If the rim is wide enough to accept a Shrader and mount the tire, its strong enough. As we are discussing MTB's - the last time I ran a rim too narrow for Shrader on a MTB was 1993. In the last decade, MTB rim widths are getting wider so it makes no difference what valve you run. 

For efficiency I would put the road tire on the back, as the rear carries more weight. However, front would be best if cornering traction was important. 

For tubeless though, I think the balance swings to Schrader - bigger hole for putting the slime into the tire. Bigger hole for initial fast inflation to seat the bead. 

Generally the only thing you can do it go to smaller tire or replace the shock. Smaller tire is a cheaper option. 

Pressure - Its commonly stated that Presta is better at pressure - Schrader are used to contain pressures of over 600bar. They are used in MTB shocks (up to 250 PSI ) and you cars air conditioning unit (200PSI, expected no gas loss for a decade), so I think that myth is busted. 

Another option would be to stick to drier tracks. If you are getting that much mud buildup despite having a lot of fun you are likely destroying the tracks you are riding. One of the key mountain biking rules is "Tread lightly"..... 

Inflation - Presta had the edge way back before the days of plastic heads and computer engineering. In 2017, if your pump does not have a head that successfully inflates a Shrader every time, by a pump worth more than $1.