Visible comets are not "sublunary" and while they have regular orbits (but with very long periods), there is no such cyclical change in brightness (as observed with the Moon). How did Aristotle explain that the lunar maria are darker than the highlands if the whole moon is made from aether? How can an object made out of this perfect material have such blemishes? But there is some counter-evidence to this theory that can be gained by unaided observations of the night sky. For Aristotle, the so-called sublunary sphere consists of the classical four elements, fire-water-earth-air. It is the realm of ever-changing things in contrast to the part of the universe which begins with the moon and stretches to the fixed stars and in which everything is made from the fifth element, the quintessence or aether, and so is incorruptible and eternal, never deviating from its regular and periodic motion. Was there some criticism of the "aether theory" along those lines by Aristotle's contemporaries? Did Aristotle try to give justifications how this counter-evidence is reconcilable with his theory? I know that he was an important transmitter of philosophical though from the Greek to the Roman world and so onto the modern period. However Sextus Empiricus and Diogenes Laertius were also important transmitters of philosophical knowledge but they get much more of a passing reference in the history books. The earliest example that I have heard being advanced is that of Pyrrho the ancient Greek skeptic. He travelled with Alexander the Great and would have had access to Eastern Philosophy though I don't know of any specific evidence linking him with Buddhist though. Not strictly related but there is firm evidence of Buddhism in contact with the Greek world in the canonical Buddhist text The Questions of King Milinda - a debate between a Buddhist monk and an Eastern Greek king. To be fair it would be surprising if they didn't come into contact as the Greek empire next door to the India. I know that Cicero was an important political figure, an adherent of the skeptic school (to a greater or lesser extent) and I believe that his prose is meant to be magnificent (though I'm no classicist). But what did he add to philosophy itself?