Because of the strength of these testimonies, it was common, back when the men in question were still alive, to make claims that they had denied or recanted their testimonies in some way, as a way to attempt to undermine the authenticity of the Book of Mormon. The linked Wikipedia article contains a few such claims attributed to Martin Harris, one of the Three Witnesses, but it also gives his claim that "No man heard me in any way deny the truth of the Book of Mormon [or] the administration of the angel that showed me the plates." 

Both groups include a solemn testimony that they did actually see the golden plates that the record was inscribed upon. The first group (three men) was shown them by an angel, but they do not claim to have touched them, while the second (eight men) was shown them by Joseph Smith, and was allowed to handle them. So those eight and three, plus Joseph Smith himself, makes a total of twelve who physically witnessed the original record. 

A discussion of this apparent discrepancy can be found at the FAIR wiki, which assumes that Harris did actually say what was attributed to him. A simpler explanation, of course, would be deliberate incorrect attribution. Fact checking is hard enough even today with the Internet at our fingertips; in the mid 19th century, such a task was exponentially more difficult, which made it much easier for dishonest people to employ flat-out falsehoods in many different causes. 

The other two of the Three Witnesses both gave similar reaffirmations on their own deathbeds. 

The testimonies of these "lists of witnesses" is included in the introduction to the Book of Mormon, in which they explain what they saw and experienced. 

And from the testimony of the Eight Witnesses: 

From the testimony of the Three Witnesses: 

In any case, the last word on the subject should be Martin Harris's literal last words. On his deathbed, he once again reaffirmed that: 

These fragments now increase our holdings as follows: we have as many as eighteen New Testament manuscripts from the second century and one from the first. Altogether, more than 43% of all New Testament verses are found in these manuscripts. But the most interesting thing is the first-century fragment. 

In fairness, the response from those that find value in creeds would likely be "So these creeds, which are based on Scripture, written by those that have studied it, taken time to distill the meaning, in a rigorous fashion, with many minds working together to prevent error are less likely to be erroneous than the interpretation of individuals who may or may not have the same level of knowledge, experience, and discipline?" 

I don't know about evidences of others calling them the four Gospels (not sure that's exactly what your last sentence is asking), but there is first century manuscript evidence for at least some of the Gospels. 

George fox, who you asked about, seems to have taken a similar view, using much the same logic. From George Fox and Christian Theology 

It was dated by one of the world’s leading paleographers. He said he was ‘certain’ that it was from the first century. If this is true, it would be the oldest fragment of the New Testament known to exist. Up until now, no one has discovered any first-century manuscripts of the New Testament. The oldest manuscript of the New Testament has been P52, a small fragment from John’s Gospel, dated to the first half of the second century. It was discovered in 1934. 

The short answer is "Yes." Jesus quoted from the Old Testament scriptures as if they were authoritative, and as if they were the very words of God. The passages of the OT that are historical were regarded by Him as historical. 

Also, while less specific, faithfacts says... 

Several other sites list the Dead Sea scrolls dating to the first century A.D. 

I am not sure I'm understanding the question. I see two possible things you might be asking... 

From http://www.churchhistory101.com/new-testament-canon.php 

DTS lists another fragment dating to the first century. 

Also, in the sections above, note that I said that each position is based primarily on either internal Biblical evidence or external evidence. That does not mean the position is based only on those two things. Each position is just as much based on an understanding of the difficulties of the opposing view.