There is a short but miraculous book called 1-2-3 Magic: Effective Discipline for Children 2–12 by Thomas W. Phelan (the book I used was the earliest edition) which outlines a way of giving time outs without argument. You said he doesn't respond to time-outs, but... if you and your wife do this each and every time he disobeys/acts out/needs discipline, it will eventually work, and it will help him as well, to learn to build up his tolerance to frustration/not getting his way. But one of the reasons I recommend this especially for the oppositional child is that once the method is explained and discussed with your son, you don't ever have to argue with him, raise your voice, or lose your cool again, you simply have to say, calmly, "Goeffrey, that's a one", to which he will howl and ask you what he's doing wrong (trying to get out of it; if he really doesn't know, you might need to explain, but nothing more), etc., whereupon you say, "Goeffrey, that's a two", and if he continues, you say, "That's a three. Time out." and he goes to his time out spot, whether you have to carry him or not. The wonder of it is that you do not engage with him in (what will often become an) argument at all. There are lots of suggestions for time outs, positive reinforcement and things like sticker charts for the times he does respond by controlling himself. (I used to keep small toys my kids loved in the house to give out immediately once a pre-determined and explained number of stickers was reached.) 

But there is no safe way to "make" your child cough, nor is it necessary or even advisable (you can check with her doctor about this), as normally healthy people do normally clear their secretions adequately. As your child grows out of toddlerhood, her risk of post-URI pneumonia falls quickly to normal adult levels. Making sure your child receives all her immunizations will help her as well. 

I can't address rabbinical teachings, but I have been exposed to Christian creationists extensively. I'm bewildered by their general mistrust of science when it has clearly been beneficial in other areas of their lives. The cognitive dissonance that develops in intellectually honest people has lead many to a crisis of faith. In those that hold on to their creationist views, their distrust of scientists in general can also leave them vulnerable to distrusting science in medicine, etc. 

Most children understand eggs. Almost everything we can see comes from an egg of some kind: insects, birds, turtle, all mammals, etc. It should not be hard to show her a video of, say, a turtle laying eggs and then the hatchlings coming out of the shell. 

Whatever it is, if it's minor and silly, mom can refuse to interact at times (go ask your father) and not give in to your daughter's newly appreciated power to frustrate or control people in her environment. Everyone wins with this approach: you don't feel marginalized, daughter gets praised for being kinder to you and less demanding of Mommy, and Mom doesn't have to be the sole provider of attention when she's home. 

It's not impossible to live in both worlds. Francis Collins, the geneticist who led the Human Genome Project, is a scientist of deep and abiding faith. There are many others. Maybe reading about them, and how faith and science coexist in their minds and lives, will help you to find peace in your desire to teach your children science. For me, the world would be a much less exciting place without it. 

You're probably versed in Ancient Near Eastern culture. There is nothing deceitful about a God who communicates with His people in a way they can understand, and in the ANE, that was through stories. Scripture has poetry, metaphor, song, prayer, and other literary "devices". That Genesis isn't literal doesn't necessarily disprove God's existence.