- Wagner, Heather Lehr, and Becky Durost Fish. The History of the Democratic Party. Infobase Publishing, 2009. 

What actually happened was that the fickle Bashaw soon changed his mind. He decided to postpon the declaration so as to give the United States more time to fold to his bluff write a letter to Algiers first: 

The context for this specific photo was that a number of Japanese-Americans had been looking for housing in Hollywood, where they worked in menial positions. In response, white residents formed something called the "Hollywood Protective Association" in 1923 and campaigned to "keep Hollywood white".1 This is a photo of a member of that organisation, pointing at a typical sign of the era. 

152 American soldiers had been tried for rape; of these 139 were "colored." 

I did find other sources claiming the war began prior to Jefferson's inauguration, in February: 

In terms of actual persons, on the eve of the Civil War, the census showed 393,967 slave owners in the United States. 

More previous delegates were elected to later Congresses, but for obvious reasons I am not going to bother with them. By these results alone, we can confirm that the two memberships overlapped to a very high degree. 

A mono-metallic, gold standard was introduced only much later by the Coinage Act of 1873. For obvious reasons none of the Founding Fathers had anything to do with it. 

In addition to war time rapes, there were also quite a large number of rapes during the occupation. The situation was relatively better for Japan (after an initial frenzy): the Japanese government organised "comfort women" to pleasure American soldiers on a large scale. 

Keep in mind that while high in absolute terms, it did take place during a brutal war involving tens of millions of soldiers. Though rape by American soldiers was not "isolated cases", it certainly was no where near the same scale as the Red Army's atrocities either. 

- Cathcart, James L. Untited Letter. 11 Jan. 1801. 

Because the medical profession was opposed to it. Roosevelt's administration feared that including the universal health insurance provisions would kill the entire Social Security Act. 

The third committee also included an eagle, this time at the top. 

Lastly, if you look closely at the border, there is nothing straight about the Canadian-US border east of the Lake of the Woods. 

Harrison, Simon. Dark Trophies: Hunting and the Enemy Body in Modern War. Berghahn Books, 2012. 

☨: Except the Consuls to Liverpool and Hong Kong, who were paid $6,000 and $5,000, respectively. 

This was part of a broader trend of anti-Japanese racism and xenophobia in early 20th century West Coast, which is very well documented. For example, the Times warned that Japanese "control of California farm lands" was "endangering white supremacy in California".2 

Standardized nametapes weren't a thing in the Army until at least the mid-50s, I believe, so this photo was taken after both the Korean War and the occupation of Japan ended. The shapka and parka imply a colder climate, and that plus the architecture of that house (note especially the curved roofline) means my best guess is that this was taken in Korea. 

Edit2: As Jammin4CO found, there's a spot viewable on google maps a few hundred meters north of 52SCG064953 that almost exactly matches the photo: link 

Edit: I think I found the location referred to- 064953 is near the NE corner of a 100k grid square, so I checked the MGRS map for Korea, and there's one square with the NE corner near the DMZ. I figured that was the likeliest candidate, so I checked it out, and 064953 is right next to a town called Imjin-ri, in a hilly area overlooking a river. It's not 100%, but I bet that's the spot. 

The target selection process had been going on for some time. A lot of documents are available and the discussion on narrowing down the city to be bombed can be read National Security Archive-George Washington University. This defines Hiroshima 

There is no doubt that there were military objectives at Hiroshima. I don't think there were any illusions that there would be no civilian casualties. But it appears from the documents, that they were in no way expecting to completely destroy an entire city (possibly 'extensive' damage), and that they were all surprised by the results (since they kept comparing results to the earlier test detonation, which was minor in comparison). 

So we can see the hours worked by Carnegie steel employees varied from 8 hour days from 1879-1882 (depending upon the site) though 1888 ,and shifted back to 12 hour days after 1888. 

On a guess at what you don't have, here's some excerpts: 

From the article cited in the answer by JMS, Homestead in Context: 

Not as many as you might think. 

Another source The Encyclopedia of the Wars of the Early American Republic, 1783–1812: A ... edited by Spencer C. Tucker (pg 1005) states this: 

The original story, written and published in 1837, was from Bonneville's notes and maps concerning his Expedition of 1832.