But it is also good to take care of animals, and dogs are animals and there is a reward for taking care of animals. 

It is not necessarily an innovation (at least I wouldn't call it such), but it was done from the Prophet ﷺ as benefit for the two in the grave, but this as I said was specific to the Prophet himself ﷺ. So we/those who are alive are highly recommended to do that which would benefit the dead as is in the Shariah, like Sadaqah and Dua'. 

From the above Hadith, as well as many other Authentic Ahadeeth, it is haram to sell a dog, whatever kind it is (even those dogs which are halal to have, like a hunting or farm dog). So in short conclusion, no there is no different rulings depending on the type of dog. 

Unless he repents, believes, and works righteous deeds, for Allah will change the evil of such persons into good and Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful (70) 

http://www.islamqa.com/en/ref/99629/temporary%20tattoo 

You do not have to remove a tattoo to become Muslim, becoming Muslim erases all sins of the past. Allah says in Surat 25 Ayah 70 : 

This (Arabic) is available for more information. 

Once the Prophet, while passing through one of the graveyards of Medina or Mecca heard the voices of two persons who were being tortured in their graves. The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "These two persons are being tortured not for a major sin (to avoid)." The Prophet (ﷺ) then added, "Yes! (they are being tortured for a major sin). Indeed, one of them never saved himself from being soiled with his urine while the other used to go about with calumnies (to make enmity between friends). The Prophet (ﷺ) then asked for a green leaf of a date-palm tree, broke it into two pieces and put one on each grave. On being asked why he had done so, he replied, "I hope that their torture might be lessened, till these get dried." 

And whatever the Messenger has given you - take; and what he has forbidden you - refrain from. And fear Allah ; indeed, Allah is severe in penalty 

It is only Haram to have a dog if it is for being a pet, other than that the dog is ok.