Here is a detailed map of The Netherlands 1559 - 1609 courtesy of the University of Texas Libraries. Entrance varied dramatically by time and place, with students enrolling at Oxford or Paris around the age of 14 to study the liberal arts, and at Bologna around the age of 30 to study law. Other early printing presses in the Ottoman Empire were in Saloniki, Greece, in 1515 and Vagharshapat, Armenia, in 1771. 

For British nobility (as opposed to royalty above) it is traditional for the heir of a peer to hold a courtesy title selected from the lesser titles held by the peer. In the case of a Duke this is most often a title of marquess, but may be earl or viscount depending on the lesser titles available. The heir of an heir in turn may be granted a courtesy title (from those available) at least one step down from his parent, and so on, until only Lord is available. Note that while holding only a courtesy title, such an heir would be eligible to sit in the House of Commons, not (yet) being a Peer eligible to sit in the House of Lords. Note that Crown Prince is a colloquial (and descriptive) term, not a proper title. The phrase Heir Apparent likewise is simply a descriptive term rather than a title. The official title for various European royal heirs are: It [Leeuwarden] was, however, not strong enough to maintain itself; in 1487 as a consequence of the Beer riots, caused by non-residents of the city who were banned from drinking Haarlem beer, it was taken by the [people of] Schieringen and partially destroyed. 

In France an initially very weak royal authority evolved into a rather strong nation state by the end of the Hundred Years War in 1453, perhaps partly as a direct consequence of it. The corresponding developments in modern Germany and Italy would not occur until 400 years later. Ironically, Royal/Imperial authority in the German region was initially much stronger, but faded rapidly over time. 

The feudal structure in place over the bulk of Western Europe devolves from the structure put in place during the Carolingian dynasty. The structures of authority created at this time were blessed by the Pope, forming the basis of Divine Right of Kings. 

However, I have clearly missed something in translation as Schieringen is (today) a community center only about 1 km from downtown Leeuwarden. 

For most of the latter half of the 16th century Flanders was part of the Spanish/Austrian Netherlands, except for a brief period when it formed part of the United Netherlands under the Treaty of Utrecht, prior to being re-conquered by Spain in 1580. Note that the preferred canvas for art is made from (flax) linen, due both to a better final texture and the natural presence of preserving linseed oil. As flax grows naturally only in cool climates (think Flanders), this would have generally served to restrict its use to more northern (or higher altitude) climates. Here are four maps tracing the de facto control of the Low Countries through the first 30 years of the Eighty Years War: 

Historically the curriculum of a liberal arts degree was first the study of the trivium of grammar, rhetoric and logic, followed by the quadrivium of arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy. During the Renaissance the curriculum expanded to include the Aristotelian sciences of physics, metaphysics, and moral philosophy.