Free will is not dependent on our origins. To illustrate this, we can look at a polar opposite theory of origins and show that the same argument can be stated, and it's equally nonsensical. 

Even though the main conference occurs in Salt Lake City, it's something that every member of the LDS Church can attend, in the local congregations. In the one I was attending, it was shown over a projector, and all of the members attended. They also use modern technology like Podcasts, YouTube, and others to give people that absolutely couldn't attend in person, or in their local place of gathering a chance to see and listen to the entire messages. On top of that, the Deseret News provides extensive coverage. 

In other words, changing doctrine is not evidence that their "Truth" is wrong, just that it's incomplete: God hasn't yet revealed everything to us. 

The existence of free will has nothing to do with origins. It doesn't matter if the proposed theory of origins is the Big Bang, or Ex-nihilo Creationism, or the idea that a Turtle god barfed up the universe. (Sorry. I've been reading some odd legends lately.) 

Then he quoted Ephesians 2:8 for his clinching argument: “For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God.” [Eph. 2:8] 

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve July 1972: 

You can find much more information simply by searching their amazingly well done online Scripture Citation Index for "General Conference". For example, from there I learned that Elder Paul V Johnson (one of the Seventy) considers it a sacred responsibility for all members of the Aaronic Priesthood to attend. The teachings covered here are considered to be authoritative, and according to the following, are considered inspired. With all due respect to Mark Hausam, the logic just doesn't hold water. That sounds like a category error. The purpose is to give the leaders a chance to give guidance to the Church (as a whole - all members of the LDS Church, rather than local Churches), to preach, to exhort, and to instruct. Also, announcements such as changes to Church Leadership, new direction, new understanding of doctrine based on divine revelation to Church Leadership is all common as well. Again, from the official LDS site: (bold text added by me) 

From http://www.lds.org/topics/hell?lang=eng 

This is in perfect harmony with the idea of continuing revelation that is accepted within the LDS Church. It's not a problem at all. 

Members of the restored Church of Jesus Christ believe that there are many great and important things yet to be revealed (see Articles of Faith 1:9); this indicates that our past and current understanding of things is incomplete and may need adjustment. Amulek the prophet explained this most clearly as he said of God: 

Both claim either a first cause, or a first known cause, leaving the question of whether or not this known first cause is truly first... But I'm getting off the subject. The true value of the sacrifice of Christ means much more than this general salvation which comes to all mankind. There is an additional salvation that God has planned for his children. This additional salvation is an individual salvation and is conditioned not only upon grace, but also upon obedience to gospel law. One of the prophets in the Book of Mormon explained why he and his associates were so concerned about teaching more about Jesus Christ, as he wrote: 

As far as why Mormons believe Christ is the only one who can provide salvation for us stems from the fact that the teachings of Joseph Smith are not solely based on works he produced, but also on the Bible. Mormons do not reject the Bible outright, and believe firmly in all the declarations pertaining to Christ and his providence of salvation. One particular unambigous passage Mormons have no reason to reject is the following: 

The plurality of worlds here has led some church leaders to suggest that Christ is not only the means of salvation for this earth, but also for many other worlds. There has been no official doctrine as to Christ's significance in other realms beyond our own, however statements seem to support a strong opinion that he does indeed play a significant role. 

Further in Verses 33-35 we read: 

The existence of other inhabited worlds that are not created by God are implied by the doctrine of exaltation, but are never explicitly stated. As to the nature of these other implied realms, we don't have any idea and to speculate is not appropriate. 

If it were to happen during General Conference, I don't know how it would be dealt with, as I've never observed it during my lifetime. I have heard that before I was born, there were a few instances where anti-Mormon protestors managed to gain admission to General Conference and used this time as an opportunity to shout "NO!" or chant slogans in an attempt to disrupt the proceedings. As I understand it, their agitations were dealt with by simply ignoring them. Perhaps, but that only matters if you think that avoiding hurting someone's feelings is more important than sincerely trying to help them improve their lives. The Gospel encourages an eternal perspective, which tends to give us a different ordering of priorities than the strong short-term focus so prevalent in the world today. From the testimony of the Three Witnesses: 

4 And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost. You basically have three sub-questions here, so let me attempt to answer them in order. 

Occasionally when a person is called to serve in some position, if some of the members of the congregation are aware that they are not worthy or should not serve in this position for whatever reason, they are allowed and asked to show their objections here. If this happens in a local meeting, the person making an objection would talk to the Bishop in private later, and the member who had been called to serve would not be set apart for their calling until things had been resolved.