Keep in mind that he was an astronomer and that given the level of scientific knowledge of the day (with the still relatively recent discovery of the heliocentric system, limited knowledge of conditions on other planets, limited knowledge on the nature of organic life and oxygen, etc...),that there was no a priori reason to expect that other planets weren't inhabited. And the belief was wide spread among philosophers of the period: Rousseau and Voltaire for example, also believed in extraterrestrials. 

Our mind plays an important role in the way our sense data is organized. My questions 

Where Kant would diverge from those who adopt the the self-representational theory of consciousness, is that he sees our self-awareness, or reflexiveness, as leading to free-will, whereas the self-representational models don't require or imply freewill at any point. Indeed many from that school believe that we don't have freewill in the traditional sense at all, they are all either compatibilists or hard determinists. From a strictly materialist point of view, Hofstadter's concept of strange loop, and self-representational and higher order theories of consciousness would allow for a machine to reflect upon itself. Broadly speaking, these types of theories assert that conscious arises (or is possible) in systems which have the ability to monitor themselves, or store and process representations of themselves. If a system's repertoire of symbols is complex enough that it can store and manipulate symbols corresponding to itself, then it should be capable of self awareness. All the issue comes down to is the level and complexity of representation that the system is capable of. My understanding is that Berkeley considered the outside world to have no existence at all, and took the statement "It's all in the mind" literally, whereas Kant argued that the outside world exists independently of the observer, but we can never know it's true nature. The best we can due is observe the effects it has on our senses. I'm pretty sure this description of the difference is correct, but it feels oversimplified to me (My grasp of Kant is rudimentary at best). So disobeying a law, in and of itself, is not immoral, it could even be immoral not to do so, if it is particularly unjust (probably not in this case). But also conversely, if the law is ethically sound the fact that it is not legally binding in one's country does not make breaking it ethical. 

I think Kant would take exception to being called an ontological idealist or dualist. There is no dualism between appearances and things in themselves in the Cartesian sense of "dualism", the "supersensible substrate" of appearances is strictly unknowable. On ontology critical Kant remained strictly agnostic, no matter how much it seems he wanted to transgress in the last two Critiques, and especially in the Opus Postumum. "Transcendental idealism" is not a form of ontological idealism, "idealism" refers to the fact that we only deal with reality through the veil of our mental faculties, i.e. it indicates an epistemological position, and it is not epistemological or subjective idealism in the usual sense either. 

Here's what rhizome.org says about it in their glossary: The body without organs is passive and yet repels the organs. Making yourself a BwO involves freeing lines of flight, experimenting with intensive segments, in a meticulous and even ascetic relation with stratification/organization. One key for me is about the development and organization of new senses, forces, problems -- discovering what a body can do, what a body may become sensitive to -- which involves possibly dangerous (at the very least unpredictable) encounters, and which still all risks remaining a negative exercise without the concepts which could empower and affirm these new distributions of sense, these new problems which reconfigure what is important/unimportant, interesting/uninteresting, etc. The BwO is the limit of the body; not the surface or flesh, but an especially intense body; a key point here is about affectivity being originary. 

Keep in mind that every organ has its own rate of flow/breaks, it has speeds and so even its own time; so that there are many temporal dimensions present in a single organism.