Mathematicians implement algorithms to compute examples conforming to the mathematical theory in question, e.g. algebraic geometry. The computer can calculate more complex examples than could be done manually. But qualitatively, it just excutes the same algorithms as the mathematician. Hence the computer does not change our stance to the ontology of mathematical objects. Anyhow, could you please add your definition of a numeral. Instead it is often a question of usefulness which axioms should be chosen to develop a mathematical theory which fits as the foundation of a scientific theory. E.g., there was a discussion whether classical 2-valued logic is suitable for the interpretation of measurements on the quantum level. The view changes when you consider the whole exponential function in one, namely exp: Real numbers ---> Real numbers, defined as exp(x):= e power x. Apparently that's a continous and even differentiable function defined for all real arguments. But even more: Without any problem you can extend the domain of definition to the set of complex numbers, e.g. by considering the power series expansion of the exponential function. Hence, what one considers plausible, depends on the level one has already attained in the field in question. It starts from definitions and axioms and makes deductions from the axioms. It is not necessary to go out, to draw lines and angles and to measure real geometric figures. Note that the product small_omega * big_omega = 1. Hence multiplying an infinitesimal by an infinite may result in a finite number. If you proceed step by step, passing from '2 power 4' via '2 power 3/4' to '2 power pi' and even to '2 power i' (exponentiation with pure imaginary exponent), you will probably stop at each new kind of abstraction. Each time you will try to ask your power of imagination for plausibility of the operation and the result. E.g., try to visualize Plato emphasizes that we have two ways to obtain knowledge, our senses and our thinking. To the domain of forms we have access only by thinking. Hence we grasp the idea of the circle as well as other mathematical ideas solely by our thinking. On the opposite, the following statement does not correctly characterise continuity - only the order of epsilon and delta has been interchanged: Kant - in reply to Leibniz - published one essay on a certain topic from mechanics. He also has been thinking on the origin of the planetary system. But because physics is not the topic of the present question I will not go into the details. The field of rationals (QQ,+,*) embedds into the ring (Omega_QQ,+,*). Elements of the latter are the equivalence classes of sequences of rational numbers; two sequences are considered equivalent when their difference is zero for all but finitely many elements of the sequence.