For example, the opening scene introduces the friendly Al and the troubled Bob as new arrivals in an isolated city deep within the wilderness. Al strolls into the neighborhood bar and buys everyone a drink. He laughs easily and tells wonderful tales while listening attentively to tales which others tell in return. Meanwhile Bob sits in the corner, expressing anxiety and discomfort through closed up body language and distrusting furtive glances around the room. Late in the scene, Bob gets up and quietly leaves the bar while Al continues the festivities. A bar maid follows him out to see if he is okay but he is rude to her and then slips into the night. Differentiating your lead characters based on their conflicting theories about how to handle a bigger problem (as described in your second design) will work, but it leaves the determination of who is ultimately right to the outcome of that problem. This makes your characters secondary to the problem they are fighting over. A good example of this kind of tale is the recent Captain America Civil War movie and associated comic stories. As Amadeus has stated, impulse control is the greatest attribute of maturity. Additional benefits include... Some good examples of nebulous issues of contention include... Keep in mind through out all of this that unlike in fairy tales, virtue is often a matter of opinion. Almost every villain thinks that they are the good guy and many a selfish act leads to an noble end. Be careful when working with themes of good and evil. They are slippery. Beyond that, she can be a sharp-tongued private sleuth or an adorable vampire hunter or the resident control freak. Character can vary infinitely; that's practically the point - that females aren't reduced to a few supporting, nurturing, handily-refrigerated roles. If she's impressive, if she's meant to gain the reader's respect and not just his tension or romantic interest or sense of accomplishment - that's a strong female character. Here's the fundamental element: to be a strong female character, your character must be capable, must have some degree of agency (i.e. goals of her own and the ability to pursue them some of the time), and basically must earn the reader's respect in her own right. She's "strong" in the sense that she can do stuff, and no less than that - in the sense that the stuff she wants to do is important. The idea of "strong female characters" is reactionary in nature. It's reacting to the sense that these characters are something unusual to encounter in fiction; a rarity; something noteworthy. Nobody said "hey, there aren't enough blind seers in my fiction!", but they did say, "hey, how come my fiction doesn't have as many awesome, capable women as it has awesome, capable men?"