Jun stared at her as if she were a ghost. Ling glanced at him, then opened her Asahi cocktail. I'm not sure when to use the name of the characters and when to use he or she. (I'm also confused about whether omitting or not the dialogue tags). (PS: If you write the novel and many people like it, then I retract what I said.) But, I think it's the same as asking yourself: Other information that I mention in Chapter 1 and 2: Give the characters something unique: It doesn't have to be something mind-blowing or some kind of superpower. It could be something as simple as a toe fetish or not being able to remember dates. "So I guess you lost it somewhere." This is the first short story where I'm using actual names for the characters. Here is a sample: So the question actually is: Do you want to write a novel that MOST people would like? Give them an inexplicable behavior: Maybe they like to collect canned cocktails or go to the beach during hurricanes. I'm writing a novel, and I just realized I don't describe be main character's appearance until Chapter 3 (each chapter is 1500~2000 words long and there are 25 chapters in total). Jun had been fired from his job as a photographer in a wedding firm and had been unemployed for three months. A friend, a wealthy Christian, of his offered him a job; to accompany her eighteen years old daughter in afternoons and evenings. He thought it was an unusual job for a twenty six-years old guy, but he didn't have any good reason to refuse. Yes. Maybe. For some. But I'm pretty sure most people won't like it. Can it be enjoyable to date a girl/boy who doesn't talk? Is it possible? Yes. Actually you could write it right now. I do mention that the MC is 'skinny' in Chapter 1. Is that enough for the reader until he/she reaches Chapter 3? The reason I didn't describe the character earlier, is that I didn't want the description to sound forced. Still, I wonder if I should try to move it to the beginning? To prevent the reader from forming a false physical image of the MC? "People are scared of me," she replied. "Others are angry." Don't make them cliched: The mad scientist, the jock, the drunk wife beater, you know them. However, you can also grab a cliched character and turn it into a non-cliched character (e.g. Tom is a jock ... who secretly attends ballet classes at night). If the answer is no, well, then go on. Give them an unexpected behavior: The wife of one of them left him and he reacted by ... cleaning the house from morning to night?! What? She shook her head without looking at him. Ling shook her head and replied, "I was born without one." Give them complex back stories: Humans are complex beings. If you want your characters to be more human, enliven them with rich back stories. "Because I don't have a soul," "Because you like to beat them up?" That being said, I think your characters should be a reflection of your plot. If your plot is interesting, your characters will be interesting (it also works the other way around).