Have I committed a sin because I didn't know? - you probably did not make sin neither by your behavior, because, even if it was incorrect behviour, as soon as you did not know, you are not sinful for your that behaviour, and you are not probably sinful for not knowing that at first place because that is quite advanced topic and you could not know so much things, and also it is probably even a disagreement among different islamic scholars, so several different resulting opinions looks quite right do different scholars and you need to know quite much to have your own opinion. At end of month Moon is not visible at day and not visible at night and not visible at sunset because Moon sets earlier than Sun, and at end of month Moon rises earlier than Sun and can be visible just before sunrise: for example, see sunrise at 2015-09-12 (1436 Thul-Qedah 28) . 2) if bride is a matron, she should say whether she agree to the marriage or not and her opinion is stronger than opinion of her wali, even if the wali do not agree (she can marry or not marry regardless what wali thinks). A hadith is composed of three parts as shown below : Hadiths can be classified based on several aspects as shown below: Since the hadiths compiled are from the six major collections, it can be considered or called as authentic. However, it is not devoid of weak hadiths. There are some hadiths checked and declared weak by Shaykh Al-Albaani Source and A very good introduction to sciences of Hadeeth However, the final verdict about the Hadith is given by the classification based on the reliability and memory of the reporters. Requirements for Sahih Hadith: Matn (text), isnad (chain of reporters), and taraf (the part, or the beginning sentence, of the text which refers to the sayings, actions or characteristics of the Prophet (Sallalaahu Ala'hi wa Sallam), or his concurrence with others action). The authenticity of the hadith depends on the reliability of its reporters, and the linkage among them. Imam Al-shafi'i states the following requirements for a hadith, which is not mutawatir, to be acceptable "each reporter should be trustworthy in his religion; he should be known to be truthtul in his narrating, to understand what he narrates, to know how a different expression can alter the meaning, and to report the wording of the hadith verbatim, not only its meaning". As you mentioned, Riyad-us-Saliheen is compilation of hadiths by Imam An-Nawawi, a great scholar of Hadith and fiqh. He is known for such compilations like 40 Hadeeth by An-Nawawi, 40 Hadith Qudsi etc. Riyad-us-Saliheen is a popular and useful compilation because of its classification based on wide range of topics. It serves as a hadith primer. It has selected hadiths of approximately 2000 hadiths from the six major collections: Bukhari, Muslim, Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, An-Nasa'i and Ibn Majah. These 2000 hadiths are grouped in 372 Chapters and 19 Sections with titles - The Book of Good Manners, The Book about the Etiquette of Eating, The Book of Dress, The Book of the Etiquette of Sleeping, Lying and Sitting, etc and so on. Hence, it serves as an easy reader. Source and detailed answer in Persian (Farsi): www.islamquest.net Firstly, albeit my answer is not like @Alex A, but I respect his answer (and as a rule of thumb, there can be diverse viewpoints in different individuals). www.islamquest.net / Indonesian / Turkish / Persian (Farsi) So, separately the above-mentioned items could be considered according to Quran or hadiths. http://www.pasokhgoo.ir/node/21390 For further information and to find your complete answer ( regarding the types of rings, stones, and likewise which hand and finger..), I strongly recommend you to see the following links. Eventually, I strongly recommend you to read the following link which has illustrated more detailed regarding the mentioned matter. (Which is into Persian, Indonesian and Turkish. (Of course as my personal perspective: the bad-persons who have hostility with him, won’t have the grace (Tofigh) of …) In the science of Rejal (Elme-Rejal), it is discussed one by one of it in accordance with the: The main meaning of the word Sawab(thawa) in origin is referral and recurrence. Let’s respond to your inquiry by i.e. stating regarding entering a church for a Muslim as a related example. Thus, in the mentioned item, there could be explained some points, such as: Namely: Whoever advertently attributes a lie(s) to me (the Prophet), he/she goes to provide his (her) place in the hell.