But as for the soteriology, there are many opinons and no one really knows. My own personal opinion is that many people can get saved without having heard the gospel. They are judged and can atone for their sins in what is translated as "hell" but is "geol" or "gehinnom" in the original. The Roman Cathecism issued by the Council of Trent, based on the opinion of Thomas Aquinas, believe that they may have been in Limbo (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo) and the virtuous pagans would have been caught up to Heaven during the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrowing_of_Hell by Jesus in the three days between the crucifixion and resurrection. 1260 "Since Christ died for all, and since all men are in fact called to one and the same destiny, which is divine, we must hold that the Holy Spirit offers to all the possibility of being made partakers, in a way known to God, of the Paschal mystery."63 Every man who is ignorant of the Gospel of Christ and of his Church, but seeks the truth and does the will of God in accordance with his understanding of it, can be saved. It may be supposed that such persons would have desired Baptism explicitly if they had known its necessity. Other Universalists include groups like http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seventh-day_Adventist_Church Seventh Day Adventists believe that non Christians can get into Heaven My own personal opinion is that there is Purgatory and everyone is cleansed for a finite amount of time before they can enter the Kingdom of God. Jews have to follow the Law of Moses as described in the first five books of the Bible, as this is the Eternal Covenant of God with the Jews. Gentiles have only to observe the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Laws_of_Noah http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtuous_pagan 1257 The Lord himself affirms that Baptism is necessary for salvation.60 He also commands his disciples to proclaim the Gospel to all nations and to baptize them.61 Baptism is necessary for salvation for those to whom the Gospel has been proclaimed and who have had the possibility of asking for this sacrament.62 The Church does not know of any means other than Baptism that assures entry into eternal beatitude; this is why she takes care not to neglect the mission she has received from the Lord to see that all who can be baptized are "reborn of water and the Spirit." God has bound salvation to the sacrament of Baptism, but he himself is not bound by his sacraments. Early Christians were divided on this. "But they will have to give account to him who is ready to judge the living and the dead. For this is the reason the gospel was preached even to those who are now dead, so that they might be judged according to human standards in regard to the body, but live according to God in regard to the spirit." Tertullian (c. 160-c. 220) claimed that it had been a common belief since the days of the apostles that Jesus descended to hell and preached the gospel. There was debate, though, as to who benefited from the preaching. In this sense, I reject the slippery slope as a logical fallacy. And nowhere does the Bible indicate that the requirements for salvation are different for those who have heard the name of Christ, than for those who haven't. In my conversations with Young Earth Creationists (YECs), I have on occasion heard the argument that I must interpret Genesis literally, otherwise the entire gospel, culminating at salvation, crumbles. Christian Research Institute president, Hank Hanegraaff, has made statements to the effect that non-Trinitarians are "non-Christians" (and therefore unsaved): While neither CRI nor Hank Hanegraaff represent any official denomination, they are both very popular among Evangelical Christians (Hank hosts a popular call-in radio program where callers can ask questions about Christianity, and is the author of several popular books). This has always sounded to me like the "slippery slope" argument--if I take the creation account as metaphor, why wouldn't I also take the resurrection as metaphor, for instance? TLDR I have yet to find an official denominational view that non-Trinitarians are unsaved, but there is clearly deep sentiment among many Christians that non-Trinitarians are unsaved. This implies that those who do not hear the gospel may not be guilty of sin. John speaks of Jesus as a Paraclete (intercessor and comforter) in John 2:1 and then of the Holy Spirit as a Paraclete (comforter and teacher) in John 14:16, implying that Jesus is the first and primary Paraclete. Many of the original ideas were developed in the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox traditions. The idea is that all people are born under Original Sin and therefore do not a priori get to go to Heaven. Authors like Dante portray Virtuous Pagans who lived before Jesus as not even able to get into Purgatory but are in the first circle of Hell. My own personal opinion is that there is Purgatory and everyone is cleansed for a finite amount of time before they can enter the Kingdom of God. Jews have to follow the Law of Moses as described in the first five books of the Bible, as this is the Eternal Covenant of God with the Jews. Gentiles have only to observe the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Laws_of_Noah Clement of Alexandria taught a similar doctrine, saying "It is not right that these should be condemned without trial, and that those alone who lived after the coming should have the advantage of the divine righteousness." Tertullian (c. 160-c. 220) claimed that it had been a common belief since the days of the apostles that Jesus descended to hell and preached the gospel. There was debate, though, as to who benefited from the preaching.