However, one risks losing the respect of fans and opponents on using this strategy often. In my opinion, opponents with good reflexes can sometimes return the shot thus making it a not so viable strategy in the long run, but the above examples show that it is a strategy that is used to some extent. There seems to be no rule against hitting an opponent and many players have included body shots in their repertoire. (This assertion is validated by the fact that players like the Bryan brothers and Ivan Lendl are patrons of this strategy and there appears to be no record of any punitive action against them for using it.) If you are looking for more examples of players who used this strategy to win points, you can find a lot of examples in this 2013 article from Sports Illustrated. In the page component that shows these numbers, there are navigational buttons that let you navigate from one tournament to the next. I hope that clears your confusion. Put another way, how "lopsided" are John Isner, Ivo Karlovic, or other similarly challenged world class players. Are there people in tennis who are great servers but who have trouble at returning serve in the later stages of a major event? That is, they will almost never have their serve broken in a given match, but also almost never break serve? Meaning that a large number, if not the majority, of their sets are decided by tiebreakers? "In tennis, having the right to "serve" (put in play) the ball is a decided advantage, so players alternate serves between games, sharing this advantage. Between two almost evenly matched players, whoever serves will win most games, by "holding serve." But in the typical "set," the better of the two players will win an occasional game while the other person is serving, a result that is known as "breaking serve." [The person whose serve is broken is said to "go down a break."] I was reading a magazine article about a thirty-something actress who never played tennis before, took a tennis clinic, and in the course of a three day weekend, rose to "high intermediate" level (a 4.0 or 4.5). Put another way, are the tennis ratings "exponential" (like the Richter scale for earthquakes)? That is, could it be ten times harder to reach 6.0 than 5.0, and 100 times harder to reach 7.0 than 5.0? Meaning that if some who exited a tennis clinic with a 4.5 rating could (with practice) bump it up to 5.0, that would be three times better, and 5.5 would be a tenfold improvement? My understanding is that tennis players are rated from 1.0 (rank beginner) to 7.0 (world class). Your (local) tennis pro or instructor is likely to be about 6.0 on this scale.