Thus I'd like to limit my query here to the impact of the Pseudo-Isidorian Decretals on Gratian's Decretum. Ways of viewing "impact" might include: Specific examples will hopefully make the distinction clear. First, in the East, when the emperor Leo III forbade the veneration of icons, the Patriarch of Constantinople resigned: In another article, the CE says that John XXI's action was done "with the consent of the cardinals," but it's not clear to me if such consent was strictly necessary. Section 664 deals with Christ's rule over his kingdom: The Catechism emphasizes the unity of the spirit and the body, saying that man "is a being at once corporeal and spiritual" (362), and that "spirit and matter, in man, are not two natures united, but rather their union forms a single nature" (365). Perhaps most relevant to your question, the Catechism teaches that the human body "is a human body precisely because it is animated by a spiritual soul". The Catechism of the Catholic Church has this to say with regard to the soul itself: Note that I am framing this as something that is, at least theoretically, objectively answerable. I'm specifically not asking how much of Gratian's text ought to be kept or discarded, for example, nor do I care how Catholics and Protestants have defended or attacked the legitimacy of Gratian's collected canons. Instead, I'm interested in a textual analysis of the use (intentional or unintentional) of the Pseudo-Isidorian Decretals in the Decretum Gratiani. St. John of Damascus (c. 750) closes the patristic period with his polemics against heresies, his exegetical and ascetical writings, his beautiful hymns, and above all his "Fountain of Wisdom", which is a compendium of patristic theology and a kind of anticipation of scholasticism. [emphasis added] But in the West, the bishops fought back. Ambrose excommunicated Theodosius I over a massacre he ordered, while Pope Innocent III was especially prolific in applying excommunication and the interdict (prohibition of rites throughout a geographic area): The Second Council of Lyon was the fourteenth ecumenical council, and I thought that ecumenical councils were binding. But it doesn't sound like this revocation is seen as problematic in Catholicism. Why not? Under what conditions is it acceptable for a pope to revoke an ecumenical council's decrees? What is an overview of the theological differences that led to distinct approaches to unwanted State innovation and overreach in the West and East? Thus, according to the catechism, the two primary activities of Christ during his session are a) intercession as our high priest and b) ruling over his kingdom. Do his writings indicate that his views changed during his life? One particular point of disagreement I seem to have uncovered relates to the decretals' impact on the Decretum Gratiani (or Concordia discordantium canonum), an important 12th-century collection of canon law. Wikipedia seems to downplay their impact on Gratian's work, not listing the False Decretals as one of his sources, and saying that his work "ended the immediate influence of the False Decretals" (source). This is obviously a sensitive subject, and doubly so because the gradual discovery of the fraud occurred during the Reformation period, during which the RCC faced broader challenges to its authority. Nonetheless, I'm hoping that it's possible to politely probe the influence of these documents on the medieval church. In Church History in Plain Language, Bruce Shelley points out a key distinction between Western and Eastern Christianity: how each has related to the State through history. Everett Ferguson indicates that this was no small thing: The Catholic encyclopedia takes a somewhat nuanced approach, allowing for the suggestion of some later medieval authors, but ultimately prefers John as the last: As mentioned in Ben's answer, broader discussion that deals with all four of these points, as well as a few others, is available in the Catholic Encyclopedia's article, in the section "Modern controversies on the subject." It also includes the names of prominent advocates of various defenses. Of course, my rudimentary understanding of Catholic/Orthodox doctrine on this point is probably confusing the issue, and may be preventing me from seeing a fourth option here. Basically, my question boils down to: in what way is Christ present where two or three are gathered – physically or through his Spirit?