First, everyone on earth has sinned, save Jesus. 

This, of course, only scratches the surface, and the LDS Plan of Salvation encompasses not only salvation, but exaltation. 

For the most part, they both refer to the same thing, but the term "original sin" carries a more specific connotation. 

The White Throne Judgment is described in Revelation 20:11-15. This, to the traditions that believe in the two judgments, is the judgment that everyone faces, where you are judged to be innocent or guilty; whether you will be cast into the eternal lake of fire, or accepted into Heaven. 

"What is the control we use to weed out false theological speculation? Certainly the control is logic and evidence... interpreters who have not had the sharpening experience of logic...may have improper notions of implication and evidence. Too frequently such a person uses a basis of appeal that is a notorious violation of the laws of logic and evidence." (Protestant Biblical Interpretation, Boston: W. A. Wilde, 1956) 

These verses are very similar to those in Matthew 5, where Jesus explains that lust is the same as adultery, hatred the same as murder, etc. Jesus was dealing with the Jewish people, who were under the impression that their obedience to the Law would save them. By teaching them the Truth of just how high God's perfect standard is, He was preparing them to understand that they are not truly "good" at all. 

Both Romans 14:10 and 2 Corinthians 5:9 reference a "judgment seat", which is a translation of the Greek word "Bema". There are arguments from some circles that this term has connotations of rewards coming to athletes competing for a prize. The article I referenced above states it this way. Others argue that these explanations are extra-Biblical and contradictory. 

According to those Churches that teach that, in addition to salvation by grace through faith, we need to follow the teachings of the Church (whatever the "one true Church" is that's making the claim) Since Christ taught, and the major denominations teach that there is one God, not many, simple logic is all we need to say "No, according to the majority of Christian denominations you can't believe in multiple gods and be saved. By definition, salvation is to those who have faith and adhere to the beliefs of either Christ or Christ and the Church, and if you think they are wrong, or liars, then you're not adhering to their teachings." You don't even have to get metaphysical to address that one. 

12 Therefore prophesy and say to them: ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord says: My people, I am going to open your graves and bring you up from them; I will bring you back to the land of Israel. 13 Then you, my people, will know that I am the Lord, when I open your graves and bring you up from them. 14 I will put my Spirit in you and you will live, and I will settle you in your own land. Then you will know that I the Lord have spoken, and I have done it, declares the Lord.’” 

Chapter 1 is a description of Gentiles (non-Jews) and shows the wickedness as part of the build-up. By extension, this shows that religious affiliation (even to a so-called "one true Church" as many denominations claim) can save us. 

• Jesus is the Son of God, born of a virgin, born of flesh and blood. (Matt. 1:18; Matt. 1:23.) 

The bible tells us that suffering and death entered the world (and persists in it) because of mankind's sin - that is, our deliberate rebellion against God's perfect way of doing what is right. Sin is massively problematic, not just in it's short term effects (immediate victims), but in it's long term consequences (for instance, our very identity becomes limited by our warped behaviour) and also the fact that, by it's nature, it excludes from (our) consideration the Great Source of Life, Truth and Healing who could remedy the situation - the loving Heavenly Father and Creator that we have rebelled against. Suffering (and ultimately death) is both a consequence of sin, but also a judgment against it - God uses it to discipline, restrain and ultimately stop us from multiplying sin and wickedness indefinitely. If God were to 'just forgive us', it would not solve the underlying problem of the sin nature in us - we would continue to sin more and more and continue to suffer the consequences for doing so. The fundamental problems to solve, are our separation from God and our sinful nature.