I'd be more of a fan if we had a reference utility, like with migrated posts. Something that can be looked at when necessary, and is otherwise outside our normal daily routine. Due to the nature of how comments work, I'm not sure how it should be constructed in a way that would be effective. Review of specific incidents is the main reason we would ever need to see deleted comments. Outside of such a utility, I feel that visibility of deleted comments would simply produce far more noise than signal to moderators. There are some incidents in which it'd be a super big help, but the vast majority of deleted comments serve no purpose to ever be reviewed. It feels like it would interfere with our job. 

The other thing is that deleted comments would produce a lot of noise were they visible. The ability to see them, currently, could only be used for one thing by moderators - review. We cannot revise, reverse, or otherwise interact with these things in any meaningful way like we can do with deleted posts. They thus stand in our face as if actionable, when there is nothing that can be done. And in the vast majority of scenarios, there isn't anything that should be done. The fact it's deleted is the signal that it already has been done. 

On most sites, deleted comments are primarily just junk and expired content, most of which becomes too worthless to even bother tracking. There's also the common practice of using comment deletion to make a post-5-minute edit, which means a lot of mostly duplicate comments are just hiding in the seams of the site. I'm aware that Skeptics has a bit of a unique issue with how comments tend to run. Could we enable a preference setting to turn this feature off? I can understand abiding by the rules of highlighting when I actually set favorite tags. It could also be a means to educate users as to the existence of the tag preference system, if they have not yet known about it. But for users who do know it and willingly decide not to use it, could we have the ability to choose not to have this highlighting? 

As for all the others, I believe we've discussed them in some detail here on meta, and I was wondering if we could somehow incorporate this advice, maybe in the "how to ask" sidebar? EDIT: Jarrod implemented displaying total up/down votes today. This is currently deployed to meta and will be deployed to other sites in the evening PST later today. Simply click on the vote number itself to show up/down vote totals. Requires 1000 rep. 1.96, 1.69 The median question and answer scores are 1 in all cases. 

The other two I selected myself. But not you. I like you. You're nice. 28 For all users with > 4000 reputation: If your submission or suggestion is highly voted and meets the criteria outlined, it's likely to be deployed as the "official" 404 image for one of the trilogy sites … 

These images would be shown in addition to the existing 404 page text, so nothing is getting lost, we're just trying to inject a little fun into the process. Perhaps add a 'requires more immediate attention' option, which degrades into the same weight as 'other' if several false positives are sent. 

I'm not saying I'm anti-unihorned-unicat, but this isn't a case we really should support. I'll defer to a core dev to put a status on this, but it's not something I'd like for mods to be able to do. I'm not entirely sure if that's by design, however there's no sort of privilege escalation at play here. 

I really don't care about rep anymore. Well, sure I do care, but not to the point that I won't correct or add something to make my answer better, even if it means not seeing a number on a web page increment. 

The alternate to that (more simply implemented perhaps?) is to give us a way to see the 'other' flags first. Give us the home grown stuff first, or the ability to see it first, before moving on to the canned goods :) 

Suspending / nuking / molecular destabilizing in the works. Thanks for the head's up. Systems recently put into place will stop the bulk of this sort of tomfoolery very quickly, based on the actions that you take as a moderator. You might get a little noise here and there, but the vast majority of it won't have a chance to even get into the system. However, we'd probably also want to prevent people from inserting that line unless wrapped in a code block. 

Due to having my site in my profile, I've actually received email regarding some of my answers, not just comments, especially on controversial topics. Make edits when you need to correct or augment something, even if it means your score at the top of the page doesn't increment as much as it would. The answer is what matters, if you care enough to edit in the first place.