In addition to launching and recovering strikes, there is the routine launching and recovery of scouts and Combat Air Patrol (CAP). A typical CAP at this stage of the war was just six fighters. The rest were held in reserve, under maintenance, or being refueled and rearmed to relieve the CAP. 

Eventually the rules of US Citizenship would be defined by law, the first of which being the Naturalization Act of 1790 defining how to become a naturalized citizen. This was allowed by Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution, but Congress had to define the rules. 

I'm going to draw heavily on United States Army in World War II The Western Hemisphere - Guarding the United States and Its Outposts. I would argue the US Army was very quick to adopt radar, just a few years, but events unfolded faster than they could fully integrate their lessons. 

For the US it was a matter of "if it ain't broke don't fix it" and this holds doubly true for wartime production. Changing production, and particularly production techniques, disrupts production. If what you're producing is good enough, just keep producing it and getting it into the field now. The M1 Garand was more than good enough. But the M1 Thompson was heavy and lavishly expensive, so the US took a chance on the stamped M3 Grease Gun, but as a gun for rear echelon troops. The US would start the war with the M1 Garand, and it would win the war with the M1 Garand. 

The Gold Standard limits the amount of control a government has over its monetary policy. If you're anti-government, this is a good thing as it prevents them from just printing more money to pay the bills and causing hyperinflation. If you're pro-government, this is a bad thing as it prevents them from managing the economy, leaving it in the hands of businesses, and preventing things like the Great Depression. 

Finally, Mr. Madison states that while the bonds of allegiance between the States and the King was dissolved, the bonds between the States and their Citizens were not. 

Submachine Guns, And Their Limitations Whereas the US adopted the stamped M3 as a cheap, compact weapon to give rear echelon troops more firepower than a pistol, and the British adopted the stamped Sten gun as a stopgap measure to rebuild their army after the retreat from France, the Germans desperately needed more firepower on the front lines. They needed a lot of it. They needed it to fight the Soviets now. And their increasingly strained production lines meant they needed it on the cheap. 

At the heart of the Nullification and Secession legal argument is Compact Theory, the idea that the US Federal Constitution is a compact between the states and any state can withdraw at any time. The foundations of the argument in favor are the Tenth Amendment which states that 

John Witherspoon of New Jersey had this to say... 

Source: internationalboundarycommission.org, The Boundary 

I think you're referring to the Bonus Army. WWI vets were paid in full. The issue was over, you guessed it, a bonus for serving in a war zone. 

There was an incident similar to the Toledo War known as the Honey War over the border between Missouri and Iowa Territory. Again, it was the result of a surveying dispute. As before, each side attempted to enforce laws in the disputed territory. Again, state militias faced off against each other. As before, it was resolved in court. 

The land-based bombers hit nothing. At this stage of the war, the US still believed that high level bombing of naval targets could be effective. It wasn't. They did help by inadvertently acting as scouts early in the battle and by attacking so ferociously to convince the Japanese that a second strike was necessary. 

The first sets of SCR-271, the air early-warning radar, were installed at the end of 1940 in Panama to get their first real use in the field. The junior officers operating these sets went to a brand new air defense school in April 1941 for training and to be taught the lessons from Britain, but the senior officers did not. As a result, radar was poorly understood at the command level and poorly integrated into air defense. 

What about various attempts by the southern states to poll their own people? While this may be peaceful, it is not diplomacy. As explained earlier in discussion Compact Theory, the Federal government rejected the idea that a state, or even its people, could decide alone to secede. Declaring you're going to ignore Federal decisions is not diplomacy, it is the end of diplomacy. 

The Soviets had similar issues of production and firepower, and they produced the AK-47, though not in time for WWII. Though production issues meant that many early versions were milled, not stamped. Here's Ian McCollum with a North Korean Type 58 AK with a milled receiver, because North Korean stamping processes were not up to the task. 

Such a large base, and its stockpiles of aircraft, ships, and supplies, would necessitate a siege to prevent them from being resupplied, and prevent them from conducting raids on Allied shipping. A siege on such a large scale would be nearly impossible and possibly drain more Allied resources than would be by invading, the trade-off of all sieges: the Pacific Ocean is really, really, really big. A better plan was to systematically destroy the Japanese merchant fleet which the Allies were well on their way towards, but half the fleet still remained. 

And yes, the realities of surveying a border through thousands of miles of wilderness in the early 19th century mean that the US-Canada border does not perfectly follow the line of latitude. Instead, it's defined by thousands of surveyed border markers and the lines between them. This is the official border.