Canon 1323 does allow for exceptions to this rule as well. The woman will not be excommunicated if she is younger than sixteen years, or if she was coerced physically or psychologically, or if she did not know that in having an abortion, she was violating a rule of the Church (this last appears unlikely to me). 

1353 In the epiclesis, the Church asks the Father to send his Holy Spirit (or the power of his blessing) on the bread and wine, so that by his power they may become the body and blood of Jesus Christ and so that those who take part in the Eucharist may be one body and one spirit. ... In the institution narrative, the power of the words and the action of Christ, and the power of the Holy Spirit, make sacramentally present under the species of bread and wine Christ’s body and blood, his sacrifice offered on the cross once for all. 

For at least these two reasons, it appears that one must draw a distinction between actual grace and karma. 

Perhaps one could add the figures referred to in this source from FaithAssemblyOnline.org, which includes the Albigensian Crusade and the Thirty Years' War. It appears that scholarly estimates of the deaths from the Albigensian Crusade amount to between 100,000 and 1,000,000, roughly in agreement with the Faith Assembly source. Wikipedia's article on the Thirty Years' War, however (citing Europe, A History by Norman Davis), estimates that it caused 8 million deaths on all sides. 

And since, indeed, most people are unaware of the punishment to be imposed by Canon 751, it is generally inapplicable (unless of course the violator is someone like a priest, bishop, or theologian, who certainly ought to be aware of this in particular). 

This is more complicated than you might expect, since Catholicism and Protestantism (which often takes a "salvation by grace alone" approach) can have slightly different approaches to concepts like justification, salvation, faith, grace, and merit. 

There is one quotation which the Catechism of the Catholic Church cites as underlying the belief in a distinction between mortal and venial sins: 

It should go without saying that since a schismatic has voluntarily declared themselves no longer part of the Church, the Church may in turn declare the same thing—not that the individual will feel its effect immediately; but the hope is that if or when the person may return to the Catholic Church, they may feel the gravity of their action, in that they can't just "come back" but must first have their excommunication lifted. 

The Catholic Church has this to say about (artificial) contraception: 

In the English Reformation, based on the Wikipedia list, fewer than 500 people were killed. 

(All quotations from the New International Version) 

Thirdly, it belongs to the perfection of faith, which concerns His humanity just as it does His Godhead, according to Jn. 14:1: "You believe in God, believe also in Me." And since faith is of things unseen, as Christ shows us His Godhead invisibly, so also in this sacrament He shows us His flesh in an invisible manner. 

At the very least, however, this was not an uncommon usage; and I see it persisting even into the 19th century. 

(Code of Canon Law, Canon 491, section 1) 

In the Irish Rebellion of 1641, about 112,000 Protestants were killed. 

The 1917 Code of Canon Law did enforce this as a rule: 

1 Council of Trent, cited in Catechism of the Catholic Church paragraph 1989. 

the Code of Canon Law promulgated in 1917; 

(1983 Code of Canon Law, canon 6, section 1) 

Note that Gill in the same chapter uses "done by": 

The Western View The most systematic approach we have to an answer here is probably through the work of Thomas Aquinas, particularly his treatise Summa Theologica ("A Summary of Theology"). Unfortunately, it's very difficult to understand what Aquinas says about it simply by reading the book, without knowing a good bit of medieval philosophy, particularly medieval interpretation of Aristotelian philosophy. Aquinas' take on whether Christ's weight (or other aspects of his body) is really present in the consecrated host is this: 

This is something the Church takes quite seriously, even though it doesn't penalize for it. To make it easier to discover whether someone has been baptized, the Church requires priests who baptize to make a record of the fact in the permanent parish record: 

Neither is it valid to argue, as a justification for sexual intercourse which is deliberately contraceptive, that a lesser evil is to be preferred to a greater one, or that such intercourse would merge with procreative acts of past and future to form a single entity, and so be qualified by exactly the same moral goodness as these. Though it is true that sometimes it is lawful to tolerate a lesser moral evil in order to avoid a greater evil or in order to promote a greater good," it is never lawful, even for the gravest reasons, to do evil that good may come of it—in other words, to intend directly something which of its very nature contradicts the moral order, and which must therefore be judged unworthy of man, even though the intention is to protect or promote the welfare of an individual, of a family or of society in general. Consequently, it is a serious error to think that a whole married life of otherwise normal relations can justify sexual intercourse which is deliberately contraceptive and so intrinsically wrong.