[2] Previously thought to be another son of King You. 

Another point: I would argue there was a certain degree of doublethink going on during the late empire. Even while acknowledging the monarch and empire, Romans continued cling to the fantasy of a republic. When the Western Roman Empire finally fell in 476 A.D., the Senate sent the imperial regalia to Constantinople along with a delegation. The deputies carried with them an "unanimous" message addressed to the Eastern Emperor Zeno, in which the Senate: - Walker, Francis Amasa. International Bimetalism. New York: Henry Holt, 1896. 

Your implicit question seems to be why Europe became governed by absolute rulers. That's a misunderstanding; monarchies are not necessarily absolutist. The kingdoms of Early Medieval Europe were mostly set up by Germanic peoples in the wake of Rome's fall, and consequently inherited the Germanic kingship of their earlier tribal governments. Henceforth King Ping, and the line of Eastern Zhou kings he sired, could command scarcely more than vestigial respect. As CsBalazsHungary correctly points out, this was a legacy of Germany's roots as the Holy Roman Empire. As is well known, the Empire remained highly decentralised and fragmented pretty much right up till its demise. Due to the feudalistic nature of the land holding, centuries of inheritances, sales/purchases, and swaps led to extremely irregular borders between the various Imperial territories. When he finally died, his grandson succeeded him and sought to rebuild Zhou authority by rebuking Zheng. Soon open warfare erupted, and although Zhou was still powerful enough to muster an army, its disastrous defeat in 707 B.C. ended all hopes. 

- Huet, Marie Hélène. Mourning Glory: the Will of the French Revolution. University of Pennsylvania Press, 1997. 

In reality, when the Minamoto line of Shoguns went extinct, the Imperial Court appointed aristocrats and royals to head the Shogunate. In 1983, Reagan wrote a letter to Benjamin Hooks, then head of the NAACP, stating (in response to accusations that he wanted to rollback civil rights) that: One of their responsibilities was taxation. Though the king could tax the pays d'élections at will, technically the provincial assemblies formally voted their consent in the pays d'états. In practice, though, the king essentially determined the amount without their input. 

That small strip of land in southern Germany was Hohenzollern-Hechingen and Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. Both fell to revolutionary forces during the March Revolution. Their last ruling princes both ceded their principalities in late 1840 to their relative the King of Prussia. As discussed above, after the Sino-Japanese War, the Nationalist government ultimately recovered all of its pre-war power base, and further gained control over the provinces Hunan, Yunnan, Sichuan (Szechwan), and Taiwan. Neither of them were really part of India to begin with. 

Alternatively, if the Court recovered its strength (which it started to do near the Meiji Restoration), then it could simply not appoint a Shogun - which, again, remained an imperial appointment right to the end. For example, the last Tokugawa Shogun, Yoshinobu, despite possessing (in theory) military superiority, broke upon being placed under Imperial Ban. He then fled from an impending battle with Imperial(-aligned) troops without a fight, and surrendered his lands, powers and titles to the Imperial Court. 

While this applies to the States only, on the federal level, the Coinage Act similarly established a bimetallic dollar with both gold and silver coins. That efforts were made on both state and federal levels to introduce bimetallism demonstrates where early American preference lies.