but sometimes it's just a habit... Is it ok to report them after the game? Sion (with skills involved) unlimited health with Soul Furnace Many items in League Of Legends have active effects which can be cast like normal spells. But when you're getting invaded Q might secure a kill because of the stun and higher damage. How should you deal with players that spam pings, besides telling them to stop? Is % based spell damage like Liandry's Torments passive or Amumus Despair (W) affected by Magic Resistance? Same goes with Botrk and armor. Both builds are definitly not viable for rankeds! Play them at own risk. The main point is flexibility. but sometimes it's just a habit... Does the charging scale with the attackspeed? (more AS = less chargetime?) This is not new. The anouncer says this when all champions of a team are dead. You don't get any bonuses from it, like gold. Those active effects increase the gold efficiency of an item, if they are used and the base stats of those items often have a gold efficiency below 100%. So not using the active effect is wasted gold. By dodgeable (last sentence), they mean that the player can avoid the hits by moving and by cannot be dodge they mean from abilities like Jax E Sometimes, there are double IP weekends in League of Legends. I ALWAYS build the following items (order is situational): Since Alistar got buffed in the last patches, I want to master him a little bit more. I watched some Youtube videos where people always do the Headbutt(W) + Autoattack while the target is still flying and they say it is really important to get that combo down, especally on Top and Mid. Bloodthirster give you better stats for the gold and the build path is identical. Since he gets a 100% crit chance for his AA and Q through the E passive. All health runes and masteries: How do IP boosts,per Win or over days, affect the won IP during that time? In case you are invading or you get invaded a skill might be better than another. Consume cast on a Golem jungle creep (+10%) If you mute the sound for pings, you might not hear/see the useful pings another teamate does. You will NOT be revealed if you are already stealthed (as said in the tooltip) What should i do with my boots in late game? Keep them or sell them? I think i dont really need them becuase you usually don't gank anymore. Reasons against your suggestions: League of Legends Just deal with leavers! It might seem, that YOUR team always has the leavers, but thats not the case! If you want to counter champions that rely on stealth (Akali, Shaco, ...) I recommend Oracle's Lens. It lasts longer, reveals wards and has a pretty low cooldown. Thresh's Flay (E) has a usefull passive: I run 0/21/9 masteries and flat AD marks + quints, flat Armor Seals and scaleing MR Glyphs. The images tell it much better than I can, but here's a rough list of where to ward: Do critical strikes vs thornmail count for the owner? Here's the best reference I can find: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=237436 Though not directly useful, a spectator can watch a player's play-style and make best guesses about future moves. Any pattern they see could potentially be used against that player. If Sona grants an aura to an ally that gets a kill, will this count as an assist? I'm assuming she hasn't changed her auras during the fight. The only time to consider a GP/10 item on a carry is if you're getting less than 2 minion kills a minute. It's more important to build items that counter your opponents abilities. If you notice them build early magic resist, buy magic penetration! Will the cooldown be reduced by 20%, or is the cooldown based on CDR when the ability is cast? The cooldown on Karthus's ultimate ability Requiem is 180/150/120 seconds. If I buy a CDR item like Morello's Evil Tomb, how does that affect the current cooldown? They are only affected by life steal, even then it has to be an aura like Stark's Fervor, and it only heals the turrets, not you. None of the skills below deal any kind of damage, so spell vamp does not apply at any moment. Also Akali cancels Fiora's ultimate when she enter in her shroud. As it shows in Rift Myths, Fiora CAN be targeted by Shen while in her ultimate. Here is a list of the Assassin champions in LoL. but the most common are the one who has the flag of assassin, those are: Then I start wondering: what is the max size that a champion reach ? Is there a Maximum size ? And Jax Can avoid Fiora's ultimate too. Spotlight by Phreak At 04:02 he start a team fight and quote this "Once I get low, I target her (Ashe) with Blade Waltz. It takes me out of combat, so I stop taking damage..." When you use Blade Waltz you dash to the target, like when Maokai use Twisted advance. If the person use flash Fiora will follow the target until he stops. This is why he advise you to jump to near some turret, so when Fiora land (after Blade Waltz) she will be hitted by turret. Example: Cho'Gath's Feast + Greater Relic + Surge + Wild Growth + Something that make champions grow in size. Cho'Gath will grow every time ? or it will stop at some point ? They are usually solo top and mid, so they can farm fast and do they job. You can Flash to your allies, will work as good as the turret. Stay near/flash to your turret/alies. When her ult finish she will be in BIG troble. The problem in jump to your allies is, they will get damage from her ult, so be careful. Use Zhonya's Hourglass until her ult finish. You will avoid the damage from it. If you are nunu, you can start your ult, when her ult finish, your ult will be probably near to end, then BOOM =)