I am no native speaker but my sense is that for now it is used more with some words than with others, and rarely with words that already have a diminutive ending (eg "Ленка", "бабушка", "бабуля", "секретарша"). Danish, Dutch, French, German and Italian represent a transitional zone, where to be is the auxiliary for intransitive verbs, and to have for others. Old Spanish and Middle English had this distinction too, which is to say this feature's area was still evolving in recent centuries - across language families. English cane would seem to share such an etymology. Another wave of ultimately Sumerian words came to Southeastern Europe later via Ottoman Turkish, eg kireç. They are not found in literary Greek, but they are found in neighbouring South Slavic and Albanian, so surely they have been spoken in some Greek dialects. Linguistic evidence can be combined with other historical and archaeological evidence to form hypotheses, but the existence of loans alone cannot be used to prove this, because: I consider Armenian to be a "saturated" language, because of Urartian (non-IE), Luwian and Iranian influence. Proto-Armenian was probably a bit different from how Armenian is today, but in its basis it is obviously Indo-European. It just needs a little bit more attention and things clear up. I usually make comparisons with Greek, Hittite and other Anatolian or Balkanic languages. See some examples below: bear: arj - Greek arktos, Hittite hartaggas lake: liç - Hittite lulis, Greek limne Maria Iliescu, Rumänisch-friaulische Substratworter, in Günter Holtus, Edgar Radtke eds. Rumänistik in der Diskussion, Gunter Narr Verlag, Tübingen, 1986 I will first answer to the title of the question, namely "What is the substrate of Romanian language". Orel, Vladimir Ė. A concise historical grammar of the Albanian language: reconstruction of Proto-Albanian. Brill, 2000. I have seen so many questionmarks regarding it's Indo-European reconstruction, which make me wonder whether those words are Indo-European or inherited by a pre-IE substrate. I know Greek has ἐύς and Illyrian ves- (in PN Vescleves), but those are languages from the "neighbourhood". My question is: Do we have other cognates within Indo-European or is my substrate hypothesis plausible? Danish, Dutch, French, German and Italian represent a transitional zone, where to be is the auxiliary for intransitive verbs, and to have for others. Old Spanish and Middle English had this distinction too, which is to say this feature's area was still evolving in recent centuries - across language families. Another wave of ultimately Sumerian words came to Southeastern Europe later via Ottoman Turkish, eg kireç. They are not found in literary Greek, but they are found in neighbouring South Slavic and Albanian, so surely they have been spoken in some Greek dialects. Such usage differs from historical vocative (which would be "Лено" in the example above) and is not related to such historical usage. I am no native speaker but my sense is that for now it is used more with some words than with others, and rarely with words that already have a diminutive ending (eg "Ленка", "бабушка", "бабуля", "секретарша"). bring: berê - Phrygian ber-, Greek pher- lake: liç - Hittite lulis, Greek limne I will first answer to the title of the question, namely "What is the substrate of Romanian language". Orel, Vladimir Ė. A concise historical grammar of the Albanian language: reconstruction of Proto-Albanian. Brill, 2000. in: i - Proto-Germanic *in, Greek en and so on... I have seen so many questionmarks regarding it's Indo-European reconstruction, which make me wonder whether those words are Indo-European or inherited by a pre-IE substrate. I know Greek has ἐύς and Illyrian ves- (in PN Vescleves), but those are languages from the "neighbourhood". My question is: Do we have other cognates within Indo-European or is my substrate hypothesis plausible? I consider Armenian to be a "saturated" language, because of Urartian (non-IE), Luwian and Iranian influence. Proto-Armenian was probably a bit different from how Armenian is today, but in its basis it is obviously Indo-European. It just needs a little bit more attention and things clear up. I usually make comparisons with Greek, Hittite and other Anatolian or Balkanic languages. See some examples below: