And when you travel throughout the land, there is no blame upon you for shortening the prayer, [especially] if you fear that those who disbelieve may disrupt [or attack] you. Indeed, the disbelievers are ever to you a clear enemy. (101) 

Hence, in order to elucidate the issue, there are some significant points which ought to be paid attention, such as: 

Initially, before explaining regarding those 4 animals which you mentioned, I ought to illustrate regarding dog and state how it is Najis; According to Islam: 

First of all I appreciate your paying attention to this matter which made you making research concerning what you should do. Since it is seen that there could be many fields of sin in such positions. 

Meanwhile, you’d better pay attention to some related terms of divorce or Talaq briefly as well (as some of Talaq terms): 

That will be Akhar-al-Zaman (end of the world) when “men to men” and “women to women” would be satisfied. (lavat …) 

Or for further info. regarding eating the meat of wild animals (such as fox, hyena,...), read the following text which has named different kinds of animals and actually it could be helpful for you : 

Albeit my answer might be incomplete, but God willing it helps you to some extent. Of course, there seems to be a complete persuasive answer in the following link (that used it somewhat as my reference), but, unfortunately I found it just in Persian (Farsi): 

Note: to see more matter regarding Walimah, you can refer to the source below. 

To see the detailed answer, please refer to the sources. 

I didn’t find any specific related issue to that, hence, at least it could be said that it is not considered as a haram practice as much as I made research. But perhaps it could be nicer for women to endeavor not to take a step at the first side. (Or perhaps it is not true) / Wallah o A’lamo (And Allah knows better) 

The answer is that it is not deemed to be a mandatory (wajib) practice although it is declared as a halal meat, but it can be useful to eat it in common amount, which consists of much profitable foodstuffs for the body (if it would be slaughtered in Islamic ways). On the other hand, it is remarked as a permissible practice for the slaughterer to slaughter in Islamic ways based on Islam. 

As a conclusion, such using of words/phrase in that Ayah seems to be related to emphasizing of monotheism politeness (and being aware about the will of Allah in performing everything/everytime -as much as possible-) but it doesn't mean that it is Wajib to say so. 

Thirdly as the final issue, you ought to leave it if you assume it would take you in sin position, otherwise it will be OK it if there is not introduction of sin(s). Besides, don’t forget that education (at least in high degree) is not wajib that … Then the consent of Allah would be better than obtaining higher degree. Meanwhile Allah will give you more success in your life if you ignore it due to Him. 

Of course it has not illustrated in detail, but in according to the Sunnah of the prophet Mohammad (SAWW) (from the view of Shia) : 

Consequently, doing Mut'ah for married person would be permissible, by s/he ought to note some points as I termed (Although others ought to note them as well) 

Of course there are other views regarding the circumstances of it, but it was the most famous of them. 

Ibn 'Umar reported: Sometimes the Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) recited the Qur'an, and would pass by (recite) the verse of sajda and performed prostration and he did this along with us, but we were so crowded in his company that none of us could find a place for performing prostration. (and it was done on occasions) other than prayer. Should not for the listener sajdah ayah to prostrate unless if the reader prostrated, because the Prophet (peace be upon him) read to him Zaid ibn Thabit (may Allah be pleased with him) Najm surah didn't prostrate and prophet didn't prostrate. 

The majority of scholars said that the tilawah sajdah is sunnah for the reader and the listener who listens and is intended to hear, not the listener: He hears without listening is intended 

Narrated Rabia: Umar bin Al-Khattab recited Surat-an-Nahl on a Friday on the pulpit and when he reached the verse of Sajda he got down from the pulpit and prostrated and the people also prostrated. The next Friday Umar bin Al-Khattab recited the same Sura and when he reached the verse of Sajda he said, "O people! When we recite the verses of Sajda (during the sermon) whoever prostrates does the right thing, yet it is no sin for the one who does not prostrate." And Umar did not prostrate (that day). Added Ibn `Umar "Allah has not made the prostration of recitation compulsory but if we wish we can do it."