On the whole, the important issue is that we ought to pay attention that Satan is trying to mislead us through various ways, then we take care about that. Approximate meaning: … Imam Hossein told them my last Salam to you… Briefly speaking, typically, the first person who intends to say hello (as a greeting), he or she says: This word (Ummah) has come 65 times in the holy Qur’an (Singular and plural). Its meaning in the Qur'an is people (Surah Al-Baqarah(2):213) and likewise humans who have religious union(3:110, 2:143). Frequently, it has come in the narrations as Ummatl-Muhammad or Ummati or Ummam, and it means a school or group that follows a prophet. Ummam also is applied as prior kinfolk and nations that Allah has sent them a prophet. (Imam Baqer (a.s.) taught it to someone (for Roku', Sajdah, Tashahod)) According to your inquiry as you asked: The view of some Maraje' of Shia regarding Chatting is that: When you are in Tashahod, it is better that you see to your skirt (or toward the tip of knees) When you are in Sajdah, it is better to see toward your nose. So I recommend you to read the following sites which are related to your question and actually could respond you. According to another definition, In accordance with Sura Al-Anbiya verses 92-94: False promises: Through false promises and unattainable hopes, Satan renders man heedless of the Hereafter, death, and even Allah (awj). Such a person becomes a slave to his desires and is prepared to go to any lengths to attain the attainable, even if it means sinning against Allah (awj). … but in case of job relationship, no problem if it doesn't be the cause (the introduction) of vice , of course by observing the Islamic points. When you are in Qunut situation, you'd better see the palm. www.islamquest.net/ Farsi (Persian) But the second one who want to reply to his or her Salam, tells: The response of your inquiry would be NO. In truth, shaking hand is considered as a haram practice from the viewpoint and actually order of Islam. (Based on Shia view, although I assume the view of Sunni would be like that as well). Therefore you are not allowed to shake hand with your female friends, since they could be considered as non-mahram. Of course to the best of my knowledge, there are several reasons for it (as an impermissible act), but I suggest you to read the following source which has provided in Arabic, Turkish and Farsi (Persian) languages. Yes, of course your Salah (prayer) is true, even it is said that reciting Surah Ikhlas (Tawhid) after Surah-Hamd has priority, albeit it is not wajib to definitely recite it. Hence your Salah is true in that situation. Learn Arabic, because this is the speech of the God who speaks to his creatures. Finally it could be a more unity between Muslims in different languages. To the best of my knowledge, although it is recommended to eat by the right hand, instead of left hand (and actually it is said that it is Makruh to eat by the left hand), but it doesn’t mean that it is a haram act to do so. Consequently there is no necessity for left-handed people to change their habit about that. Of course in accordance with the rulings of Islam, it won't be haram if there is now probability of sin. Although we ought to pay attention that perhaps at majority of time (at first) there is not the intention or even the probability of sin, but later… This is a very significant question which you inquired. Of course, the point is that it is not too easy to reply to your question briefly. But briefly I can tell you that Satan (Shaitan) is the main reason that make such thoughts in our mind. In fact we can say that he the means for us that Allah can test us by this. So, communication (or chatting) via SMS, email, facebook, or so on (with the mentioned condition which there is the risk of sin…), at many of times leads to the sin unless in some items. Seemingly, communication with non-Mahram, in the necessity or urgency situation could be permissible. Of course without the intention of sin or pleasure and also without using words which could lead to… So, seemingly, you should do Ghusl for both cases, but do urine after ... to exit all of the semen in order to confident regarding lack of semen. Although Islam has not ordered us to definitely eat by our right hand, but its encouragement to eat by right hand (instead of left hand) can prove that at least it can have some advantages to eat by right hand (and disadvantages by left-hand). Hence, rationally, every wise person likes to get advantage instead of disadvantages. But, to the best of my knowledge, observing such formula won’t be necessary/recommended if it can be the cause of difficulty for left-handed people (to eat by right hand). Or for example you can see the response below which has responded to another similar inquiry: