Richard Henry LeeNovember 30, 1784) 

Cristóbal de Molina, a young Spanish priest, witnesses in 1535 the Inca celebration of the maize harvest: 

During World War II, the USSR used nearly 200,000 horses in active cavalry fighting. Or, you can purchase an entire book about this : Account of the Fables and Rites of the Incas Samuel Huntington (September 28, 1779) There were many other ceremonies and sacrifices until, as the sun was disappearing from sight, they made a great act of reverence, raising their hands and worshipping it in the deepest humility. On the ninth day, when the festival was over, they brought out hand ploughs. The Inca took a plough and began to break the earth, and the rest of the lords did the same. Following their lead the entire kingdom did likewise. No Indian would have dared to break the earth until the Inca had done so, and none believed that the earth could produce unless the Inca broke it first. The list below gives the names of these presidents and the dates of their election. Some of them (such as John Hancock, John Jay, or Richard Henry Lee) are justly famous in their own right. Others are almost unknown, sometimes deservedly so. None of them, however, gained any lasting fame through office, with the possible exception of John Hancock, who, as president of Congress in 1776, was the first person to sign the Declaration of Independence. 

Peyton Randolph (May 10, 1775) The 1883 eruption of Krakatau, the 1991 explosion of Pinatubo, and even Mount Saint Helens' 1980 eruption further proved this by noticeably lowering global temperatures, albeit or short periods of time and less severely than in 1816. 

It's often stated (perhaps correctly) that Davy Crockett perished while defending the Alamo in Texas during the revolution against the Mexicans. Many legends about this hero of the West, however, say otherwise and state that Crockett escaped from the Alamo somehow and lived out his days performing feats on the Great Plains. 

Cyrus Griffin (January 22, 1788) 

Henry Laurens (November 1, 1777) 

Nathaniel Gorham (June 6,01786) In attack and defense their capability for concealment and rapid dispersal could catch an enemy off guard or force him to move with caution. When operating over broad fronts, the abler Soviet commanders advanced their tanks and infantry over main roads and used the cavalry to cover the higher and more difficult terrain in between. Of course it's almost universally accepted that Davy Crockett lost his life gloriously defending the Alamo, but I'm wondering whether there's any hard, physical, historical records of witnessing his death at the Alamo.