You say, this is so not him. Maybe he didn't cheat then. As Becuzz said, the first thing to do is to get your son's side of the story. Teachers are not perfect; no one is. Though they may give the student the benefit of the doubt, some may not in an iffy situation. Once you've gotten your son's side of what happened, you can decide if the teacher or your son is most likely right. But if this is the first time such an event happened, I would tend to believe your son. 

Maybe it was just excess energy or ebullience; maybe the child had a neurological disorder of her own. In any case, it is actually her right to sing and speak. I cannot myself imagine asking someone on public transportation to quiet their child. Most parents try to balance the needs of others against the needs of the child - that's commonly known as making their child behave properly in public. If the parent isn't doing something in that situation, either they don't know it's a problem or don't care about you - in which case, they will not take kindly to your request - or they know there's a problem, and they have decided that the only reasonable way to deal with it is to allow the child to chatter on. 

On the other hand, as @Wigwam already said, your son may have hit a wall in his schoolwork. You know your son better than anyone except perhaps his other parent. A student with straight A's may feel a lot of pressure to keep up those grades, even if it takes cheating to do so. 

I suspect he was/is on the high-functioning end of ASD, but physically (on that diet) he grew into a strong, healthy, handsome and slightly overweight adult, married with children. I am amazed, but there it is. For many reasons not elaborated on here, but including that they didn't make a terrible fuss about what their child ate, loving him for exactly who and what he was, I credit his parents to be among the best I've ever known. 

In the meantime, I would recommend a book called 1-2-3-Magic. No arguing, no pleading, no bargaining, just a reward system for self control and time outs for lack if it. 

It might be awkward, but it's true. And sometimes people are wrong, just like you and everybody else in the whole world. 

One question that comes to mind is, would you feel the same exact way if the other person were a male? In other words, if she didn't come out as gay and flaunt it on Facebook, would you still be reacting the same way? 

We can't possibly comment on the boy's mental fitness. We don't know him; you do. I don't think you need to concentrate on his diagnosis or speculate about what psychoactive substances he may be using; you don't need help to label his behavior (which is at least insensitive and in one case crass); you only need to decide how you want to proceed. 

If you can't go there with them, the next time they are about to leave, they need to leave regardless of their granddaughter's display. Tell them that you don't want your daughter to beg and cry to get her way, that you're convinced it's better for her to accept that she can't get things by resorting to that behavior. Tell them that that's not going to be charming when she's a teenager and you want to handle it properly now, not later. Then support your daughter, because she is going to be confused. Tell her that if she can go back to just accepting that things are not always going to be the way she wants them to be, she will be happier. If she brings up what they said, tell her they were wrong to compare her to someone else. 

The division of responsibility in feeding applies at every stage in your child’s growing-up years, from infancy through the early years through adolescence. Throughout, parents maintain the structure of family meals and sit-down snacks throughout the growing-up years. 

Edited to address the OP's comments. 

If nothing works even with therapy, and/or the therapist recommends it, a Psychiatrist specializing in Adolescent Behavior might be the following step. 

Edited to add: You might want to read and share an article about gaslighting, which might be going on here. 

Please note that this concern (of selective eating) is not addressed from a nutritional standpoint but a psychological one. 

If he tells you he did, there are four possible responses: 

P.S. "My daughter stopped talking to him. It took him a month to apologize." "She ignored him for about a month and he eventually apologized." You might be seeing your daughter through rose-colored glasses, as this is not the behavior of one who "cares deeply about the feeling of others". They both sound like normal teenagers. No need to look to label his behavior more than hers. But as I said, she has a right to distance herself from whomever she decided to.