The Ju 88 did best of the German bombers in the Battle of Britain, and thereafter, but this is because it was a more modern and better-designed aircraft than the He 111 or the Do 17, and was superior to them in both performance and robustness. Hitler might have felt that performance was the key. Addendum: the German Official History, Germany and the Second World War, volume V / IIA has a lot more on Speer's methods, successes and limitations. That's part IIA (which is a large book in itself) of "volume" V of the overall history. The best way to make the attack seems to be to use anti-ship torpedoes to attack the lock gates, dropping them into the locks, or the canal outside the locks. This needs to be done in a carefully organised way, because if one lane remains operational, the canal is still very useful. This had been anticipated. Every square yard of the area of sea between Cornwall and Britany was being scanned by anti-submarine aircraft with radar every fifteen minutes, day and night. This was a huge effort for the Western Allies, but it worked. Diesel submarines have to surface for air, or snorkel, regularly, and they could be detected by radar when they did so. Their submerged range wasn't adequate to get past the aircraft, especially since they weren't aware of the limits of the patrol area. If they were travelling through a contested area they would dive during the day, but would usually proceed slowly on battery, because 12 hours at 2 knots is 24 nautical miles, and contested areas usually weren't huge. WWII submarines making a journey of any length would run on diesels on the surface during the day, if there were reasonable odds of not being sighted. Rapid ("crash") diving was a very important tactic for them, and the ability to do it quickly was an important factor in both sub design and crew training. The limit on underwater endurance was the breathability of the air in the boat, because they did not have CO2 scrubbers. It was normal, when it was expected that a submergence would be lengthy, to send most of the crew to bunks, to minimise their activity and thus their air consumption. The only way to refresh the air was to release compressed air from the air banks into the hull. This raised the pressure inside the sub, but this was usually limited to an extra half atmosphere or so, which wasn't a major problem provided you were careful when you first opened a hatch. Source: Tarrant, V.E (1994). The Last Year of the Kriegsmarine. Arms and Armour Press. ISBN 1-85409-176-X. The Soviet RPG-43 was a shaped-charge hand grenade. This required getting within throwing range of a tank, and was also quite difficult to use correctly. Edit: I also don't think they would have thrown away a pair of carriers (you need to send two so that an accident doesn't abort the whole mission) and their escorts and aircrew as the opening shot of a war. They didn't engage in suicide tactics until they were clearly loosing and the situation was desperate. The basic reasons would seem to be that it can't carry enough, not having been designed to lift a significant bomb load, and that there weren't any bomb sights at the time that would enable a single-seat aircraft, flying very fast and probably low, to actually hit much with its few bombs. The big risk of the mission is getting the attack force back afterwards. It will be thoroughly clear who has made the attack, and an intact US Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbour is in an excellent position to cut off the Japanese force and destroy it. The correct gates to attack seem to be the downstream gates at the Pedro Miguel locks. Here, there is only a single lock in each lane, so there's less scope for aircraft attacking the wrong gate. You want to hit the downstream gates because there are two sets of upstream gates in each lane, as a precaution against floods. The battery capacity needed for underwater travel is large, so the "hotel load" for lighting wasn't a problem in underwater endurance without movement. In practice, they would usually keep moving slowly, because that means you're actually in control of the boat, which is largely exercised through the rudder and diving planes. I don't know of any issued weapons that were automatically fatal for the users, although there were several that were quite dangerous. Edit: If you aren't snorkelling, the depth you're at doesn't make much difference to submerged endurance. But read on for the small differences. I don't know why Hitler wanted a very fast bomber, but there are a couple of obvious possibilities: Source: Germany and the Second World War, Volume V/IIB, pp760-772. The Junkers Ju 88 was designed as a "Schnellbomber" in the 1930s, when it was believed that a fast enough bomber could not be intercepted. There were short periods when bombers outperformed fighters, because the fighters were still biplanes, and a fast enough bomber can avoid fighters if it does not have to penetrate far into the defended zone and the defenders don't have radar to allow them to anticipate its arrival.