Some environmentally-concerned parents have been going back to cloth recently (although in my experience, parents typically don't do this for second or subsequent children) If it weren't for a single squadron of US torpedo bombers finding the Japanese fleet first, and their crews doing their jobs even though their equipment was so bad that doing so must have seemed pointless suicide (0 hits, and all but one member of the squadron died that day), things could have ended very differently. In the event, destroying the hopeless torpedo planes pulled the Japanese air cover down low, and made them change plans to the point where their decks became stuffed with fully-fueled planes and multiple kinds of aircraft ordinance. That inopportune moment is when 3 American dive bomber squadrons found them. FDR himself came from the Wilsonian branch of the Democratic party. Wilson himself had been the last Democrat to ascend to the presidency, and FDR was an early and avid supporter (which was how he got a gig as Assistant Secretary of the Navy). In that position he spent years enmeshed in a Hamiltonian environment (the Navy has always been a hotbed of that philosophy, as the Army tends to be strongly Jacksonian), and had many political ties there. p. 327 ‘That? Well, it certainly…’, Anonymous, p. 49 There was just no possibility that Germany could spin out of control after WWII. I want to provide some context for the developments in question. At the time in Germany abortions were prohibited unless as a result of rape, especially by "subhumans". If a woman claimed she was raped by a Russian, the abortion was conducted for free so to prevent racial pollution. This legislation remained in force for some time after the defeat of Germany. I say this just as a fact and not to allege that a part of the rape claims were done so to get an abortion permit, which is though quite possible. p. 410 ‘All in all’, Anonymous, p. 102 Evidently "publish Nazi speeches" is different from just quoting Hitler or any other piece of Nazi propaganda. Definitely Hitler's speeches were not available in their full form to the general public. Maybe they were published in small numbers for internal party reading, which is totally different thing. In Russian Empire for instance there were multiple bloody anti-Jewish pogroms. The only reason why the Jews were not killed by the non-Jewish population at the time was that the state mostly made efforts to protect the Jews or at least to limit the extent of hostilities. Another way to look at luck is to look at professional gambling. My prob-stat teacher made the point that the reason "the house always wins" is true is generally not just because the odds very slightly favor them. Its true because they have the financial resources to keep playing through unlucky streaks that would bankrupt a mere human. Instead, they were made of cloth, and were washed between uses. People of middle-class or better means typically had a service for this purpose. Much like a milk service, the diaper service would daily bring you clean (cloth) diapers and take away the dirty ones to be washed. Perhaps this was a bit more like the milk delivery service in reverse. It looks like the later models of Flakpanzer IV (post Möbelwagen), including the Ostwind, were indeed designed to be able to shoot at ground targets, if need be. With the war on, that problem essentially went away. Pretty much every able-bodied male was expected to either join the military, or be helping with the new war production needs. In fact, they got so hard up for labor that a lot of women entered the work force who wouldn't have otherwise been there. So what this tells us is that, unless you had a ration card for it and a bit of luck, you couldn't get bread for Marks before it sold out. You'd have to buy it from the black market (think of it as "bread scalpers"). Assuming a loaf weighs about 250 grams, the going price was about 1 and 1/3 cigarettes for a loaf.