And what should the parent do when the child insists on an option that wasn't offered? We can say that's not allowed and all that, but how do we avoid a tantrum while we're denying the child his choice? May be distraction is a good idea for these particular examples, but the underlying problem here is that the toddler is copying his parents "inappropriately". They can't quit saying "listen to me" when he needs to listen.. they do need to tell him what he should or shouldn't do. But at an age where kids copy so much of the parents' behaviour, how do we prevent the kid from copying that and telling the parents what they should or shouldn't do? Until my 3.5 years old nephew was offered a choice between A, B and C, and he immediately chose D. Cue tantrum, because his mother couldn't/wouldn't allow for it. Here are all the variables in the scene: He could be doing the dumbest/most destructive thing but when we try to reason with him to get him to stop, he'll just say "listen to me" and proceed to speak of things that are not even explanations to why he would like to keep doing what he's doing. For example, he'd be thrashing a book about, or spreading spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when we tell him (nicely at first) not to do that, he'd say "listen to me. I went into the room and got the book and this is a coloring book and we bought this when we went to the mall.." and so on. Or some trivia about spaghetti sauce.. You get the picture. (Aagh... kids!) There's this 3.5 year old that I know, who keeps saying/yelling "Listen to me" when you try to correct him. He probably gets it from his parents, who I've seen saying the same thing when they're trying to explain to him why he should or shouldn't do something. Especially when he's hyped up and just wont calm down and listen. There has been at least one other time where giving him a choice didn't work. It was about having to go out and getting to choose a shirt. Is he too old for the choice system? Did they start too late? Why isn't it working? Ohh, so difficult to choose a single answer! Thank you all for your excellent input. Edit: We seem to have overcome some form of hurdle. I bought a giant colouring book (over half a metre on each side) where the motifs (and their components) are comfortably big, and we are doing the colouring together. I do some, she does some, and some shapes I make a big fat border within the outline and she fills it in (akin to BlueRaja's suggestion). What things can we do to encourage her to keep trying even though she's not at her desired skill level, to let her understand that it's okay to struggle with things? As most kids, my daughter loves to draw and colour pre-printed templates. She started quite early (on her own, improvising with any paper that had outlines on it), then progressed rather quickly from just scratching the entire page to making a proper effort to stay within the lines. According to this post, that's early for her age, but she's been early with a lot of things. Still, every now and again she goes into a frustration rage, and that's okay. And we do praise the effort (as we were also doing before posting). As can be expected, she is not very good at staying within the lines, and although we tell her that that's all right (and, ourselves, intentionally do it all messed up), she becomes frustrated to the point of throwing her pencils because she wants to be better -- but she doesn't want to train because she isn't good enough. Gah, child logic is hard. She just wants to sit next to us and direct us to do the drawing 'properly'; every now and then we agree to do that, but explain to her that she's supposed to do the colouring herself, if she wants to colour at all that is (it's not like we're forcing her). You might think your children are "zoning out" or "relaxing" in front of TV, but actually they are not. Watching TV is hard work for a child's brain. Of course they will love watching TV, exactly because of the amount of inpressions - a brain loves input. Unfortunately, the filter mechanisms most of us adults have are not developed yet, especially in younger children. Is your child able to get up and walk away while the show is running? Excellent. Most aren't. While the TV is on, they will remain "hypnotized" in front of this box. Hey, I know adults who can't ignore a TV - and the fact that our brain is wired to focus on movement doesn't help, either. But please, don't go the "Granddad is sleeping" route - it is deeply disturbing for a child to see a casket with the "sleeping" family member being interred1. You might also want to mention that Graddad was really, really old in case she asks whether you are about to die. (Suggested answer: "When people have lived a long life and are very old, they are ready to die because they are done with living." - that's how my then 5yo put it once.)