In the event your egg really disappeared, the answer is it's lost. As indicated by Sync in the comments, lost eggs is a common problem. Click the Pokeball at the bottom of your screen, choose Pokedex, then select a Pokemon: Download the app here: iOS or Android Remember it must be between 4 and 15 characters long. EDIT: I'm at 12 times in a row that I've only got 3 items. Really bad luck? This is available under your Pokedex, or Pokemon Index. I would consider this a high priority issue and use the "Report High Priority Issue" button. But the caveat is you also see how many you've let escape :-) Open it and you'll see a screen that says "Sign up with". You can then select either to sign up using your Google account or make a Pokemon Club account. Niantic has warned against using high value items during times of server instability.. but eggs we can't really control. Your best bet would be to contact support. But I've noticed something.. I seem to only get 3 items from each Pokestop every time. Whereas if I was moving around from Pokestop to Pokestop - I would have more variety, at least 4-6 items dropping every once in a while. Does the length of time you spend at one or more Pokestops decrease the yield of items? As you can see by the screenshot in the question, there are two bars. This represents that you can use the second attack twice, provided both bars are charged. You may get bonus gold from the Defender Bonus every 21 hours. To claim your bonus, tap the little shield on your Shop screen. Note, however, that these numbers do not reflect Pokemon spawned through Incense or Lure Modules. Additionally, there is (at the time of writing - version 0.29.0) a bug that causes the distances to not update properly, causing the approximate values to be slightly "off." When you evolve a Pokemon, its CP circle stays as full as it did before. Therefore, it makes sense to power up a Pokemon until it is near the upper end of your CP ring. As the ring stays in the same place, it will give you a rather decent CP per Candy ratio. Blue auras mean the Pokemon in question was captured recently (likely 0-24 hours old). This confers no bonus and has no advantage or disadvantage. However, the second attack can only be used when it's "charged" by using regular attacks repeatedly. During a Gym battle, you can see how charged the attack is by looking at the blue bars. Edit: An idea I had for your specific case is that you might be able to find apps (or maybe features supported within your mobile OS) that allow you to cherry pick which apps can and cannot use carrier data. This would allow you to only grant Pokemon GO permission to consume data, but be sure to keep an eye on how much it is using. Unfortunately, the game needs an active internet connection to grab new data depending on your location. The only way it could work like you suggested is if the game would cache the entire map (inclusive of pokémon locations and encounter triggers) and handle this entirely client side. The game is highly likely not to work this way, as the predecessor that this game was based off of didn't either (Ingress). In addition, something like that would make the game easier to cheat as the servers would have to completely trust the client. Valor is pursuing training and improving the 'strength' of Pokémon. Worked the same way in the predecessor of Pokémon Go, Ingress. In Ingress each faction had lore, but in Go there does not seem to be any backstory whatsoever as of yet. Do you prefer to play for the dominant side, or would you rather play for the underdog? Edit: Alright so there seems to be certain icons/logos for each faction that represent one of the legendary birds (Zapdos for Instinct, Articuno for Mystic, Moltres for Valor). Maybe in the future some change or patch will come that will do something with the birds. What factions are dominant in the area you play in most? Also note that when first interacting with a gym at level 5, a short description is given by each faction leader. Be warned anywhere boasting to get you the game now(before it is available normally for you) could lead to you potentially downloading Malware on your phone or (less likely but still a possiblity) being banned from ever playing the game on your device. So just be patient, the game should be worldwide soon.