These are not two different types of parsing in HPSG (or anywhere else, AFAIK), but two (of the many) aspects of parsing with a rich grammar like HPSG. My answer is partially motivated by Dominik Lukes's answer and some of the things I read in the comments that follow it. Given this, if you were to apply the object over the verb, and then apply the subject over the resultant, you'd have the man and the woman each visiting a garden, that may or may not be the same garden. However, if you were to apply the subject over the verb, and then apply the object over the resultant, you'd have them both visiting the same garden. When you write down the semantic representation of a sentence (lambda calculus) you see that the determiner "consumes" the noun. Hence, it is the semantic head of a noun phrase. SEOP has a comprehensive overview of the phenomena that led to this, but Wikipedia is not bad either. I saw Otavio's comment only today. Here is the course description: The official documentation for PTB tags is this weird PostScript file; you might prefer this quickref. Leaving aside the fact that it's my own fault that I know nothing about Dependency-Based Compostional Semantics1, constituency-based parse analyses map fairly easily to compositional semantics. I believe this claim applies equally well to deeper grammars (LTAG, HPSG, CCG, etc.) that are the intellectual children of the simple Phrase Structure Grammar. After all, the parse trees don't change much between one of these formalisms and another. In Latin, and similarly in other languages, the apposite is in the same case as its antecedent, for example "Ego, Claudius" (I, Claudius, both nominative), "Me, Claudium, vidit" (he saw me, Claudius, both accusative.) If there is an explicit agent the verb will agree with the agent in person and gender only; that is: it can only be in the 3rd person singular masculine or feminine. Thus: yaδhabu l-ʼawlādu ʼilā l-madīnati Literally: “he goes (3rd singular masc.) the boys to the town”. In French you can write either “leur femme” or “leurs femmes”; both are considered correct. It is purely an orthographic issue, as the pronunciation is the same in both cases. But to write “leur femme (sing.), qui faisaient (pl.)” seems to me enormously illogical. In classical Arabic in a verbal sentence (a sentence beginning with a verb) with implicit agent the verb will agree with this implicit agent in person, number and gender. For example: Given this, if you were to apply the object over the verb, and then apply the subject over the resultant, you'd have the man and the woman each visiting a garden, that may or may not be the same garden. However, if you were to apply the subject over the verb, and then apply the object over the resultant, you'd have them both visiting the same garden. I saw Otavio's comment only today. Here is the course description: When you write down the semantic representation of a sentence (lambda calculus) you see that the determiner "consumes" the noun. Hence, it is the semantic head of a noun phrase. SEOP has a comprehensive overview of the phenomena that led to this, but Wikipedia is not bad either. My answer is partially motivated by Dominik Lukes's answer and some of the things I read in the comments that follow it. The official documentation for PTB tags is this weird PostScript file; you might prefer this quickref. These are not two different types of parsing in HPSG (or anywhere else, AFAIK), but two (of the many) aspects of parsing with a rich grammar like HPSG. In Latin I would definitely say “Venerunt amici cum suis uxoribus”; to say “cum sua uxore” is wrong. “Same-day” is a compound, more precisely: an exocentric compound, or bahuvrihi, “a delivery whose day is the same”. The compound is formed from an adjective “same” and a noun “day”, but in this phrase “same” does not function as an adjective but as part of a compound. For the purposes of syntax “same-day” is a single word, not two. In French you can write either “leur femme” or “leurs femmes”; both are considered correct. It is purely an orthographic issue, as the pronunciation is the same in both cases. But to write “leur femme (sing.), qui faisaient (pl.)” seems to me enormously illogical. yaδhabu l-ʼawlādu ʼilā l-madīnati Literally: “he goes (3rd singular masc.) the boys to the town”. “they go (3rd plural masc.) to the town”. In Latin, and similarly in other languages, the apposite is in the same case as its antecedent, for example "Ego, Claudius" (I, Claudius, both nominative), "Me, Claudium, vidit" (he saw me, Claudius, both accusative.)