I think that your daughter should not be chatting on the net in private -- and that doesn't mean she can't have privacy, but that she is in a common area while she plays or chats. 

I remember when my roommate who was an actress, was asked to do a voiceover for a Tampax commercial and she refused because she did not want it on her resumé! That was probably the mid 70s. I think there is no way around you talking to your ex. Parenting is still your job together. You could possibly try not being specific but starting a conversation with all three of you about the internet, its dangers and cautions, as well as how you trust your daughter to do the right thing. I will see if I can find a movie that isn't ridiculously scary, but I am away from home with 'iffy' internet access. I'll ask my daughter but at the moment she's away with her Dad. I'm not seeing anything but horror flicks and if your daughter is like I was, that would back-fire. It has to be truth. Perhaps explain "catfishing". 

If Dad is in the loop, please make him a part of it. No one (including parents) can back down or change the rules. I have certainly spoken with 13 year olds on the internet and I am in my 60s. Some of the time was in a game room chat and some of the time in my role as a moderator on a forum. I am quite friendly with a 14 y/o girl who is writing a book and she is quite good at writing. 

I have a niece who was informed by the RCMP that she had been chatting with an older man who was not another pre-teen, but an officer looking for predators. Her parents had quite the wake up call. You have to parent and that means you need passwords and access. 

I think secrecy was a holdover from my parent's generation. My own mum could not discuss birth control with me the week before my wedding! I simply asked what she used, not about sex and she said to talk to my doctor. She was born in the 1920s and I gather times were different! 

With our daughter we discussed it years in advance by and through the study of biology. Why did our dog get neutered? How do cats get pregnant? Why does that mummy have a big tummy? Why is Willow Mum buying sanitary pads and tampons? Later, how did a baby get in there? How is it fed or breathing in there? The questions came naturally. The answers did too. It is a difficult balance and in our home, I am not always liked for my approach. Her father is just as strict, thank goodness because I of course cannot control what happens at his house beyond normal parent/child stuff. I have to trust him and I do. I think you have to be 100% honest. Talking it out during therapy is a good idea. Set rules and follow them. There are set consequences for breaking the rules. Perhaps the therapist can help you decide on appropriate rules/goals and consequences. I wish you luck with this. The hardest job left for you is to let go. You spend years taking care of every need or want and trying to teach your child to be the best they can be -- and then you have to allow them to do it. 

When my daughter at 5 asked why I was buying tampons in the grocery store, I said something like, "You know I menstruate, right? These tampons help me stay comfortable, like a diaper keeps a baby comfortable." She did not ask more, but when she did, I answered. She had as much right to that information as any human does. Later, when she saw tampons in my bathroom and noticed they did not look like diapers, I showed her with a doll, where they went and explained it did not hurt. Later she told her dad that she had a hole in her vulva and asked where his hole was. It's hard not to laugh or be embarrassed but he was a trouper. He said he was a man and that instead of a vagina, uterus and vulva, he had a penis and testicles. Out came the big book we had about our bodies and he showed her. It was the first time she heard about ova and sperm and all that, but she was fascinated by it. Her best question had come years earlier when she saw her biological father in the shower, "Daddy what is that thing coming out of your vulva?" Yes, GTA V is a wholly inappropriate game to play with your dad (not least because it's single player); but seeing the latest Star Wars (or the original) isn't, or something like HellDivers, Gauntlet or New Super Mario Bros (nothing says, "I love you Dad", like accidentally killing him for the 4th 40th time). Understand why what you said was unfair Apologise for it Explain why you're worried by his behaviour Tell him you love him Of these, number 1 is the hardest, but probably the most important. If you don't want to do any of these things (and it sounds like you might have crossed a line where he doesn't), that's fine. You could even do something as simple as a card just to let him know you care; that's the kind of thing a dad quietly holds on to during the tough times. Consider something along the lines of: There is no step-by-step way to make someone feel better whom you've hurt. But here's some basic steps. I think it's important to keep my sexual activities away from my children, but I thought it would be better to say something to my son, rather than have him walk in on us. 

Warning: there is no easy solution and to create a change takes consistent and extended more effort At some point my (then 11 or 12 year old) son would often come into my room in the middle of the night without knocking. I ended up explaining to him that he could not do this, as one night he may get a shock if he finds I'm not alone. As halloween is over for us this year, I'd thought I'd post an answer after our experience. 

If she gets worked up because her hair is not "perfect", I give her warnings, we are leaving in x minutes, and count it down. Ok we are leaving now. She'll scream and come in tow, but I explain to her, she needs to manage her time and sometimes accept that ripping out her hair bands and restyling her hair several times over a perceived imperfection, may not be a prudent use of time.