Thus it is unevident how Roman republic was not a "constitutional monarchy" with a ceremonial king alike medieval Japan. 

These diplomas certifying citizenship were issued to ordinary people who earned citizenship as well, according to Suetonius: 

Slavic Kuzma (blacksmith) -> Cosmas (Greek "of cosmos") 

Under republic (and possible under kingdom as well) the title "Imperator" was quite frequently used to refer to military leaders. For example Sulla was proclaimed Imperator in 86 b.c. Multiple imperators at the same time were all under republic, under principate and under dominate. 

The Roman rex was an elected public magistrate. He was suggested by the senate and elected by the people of Rome via the Curiate Assembly for a fixed term of 6 years (they extended the term with legal tricks via formal adoption). Then a special law should be passed to grant him imperium. His power was not hereditary and was restricted by the senate and the assemblies. At one occasion when Romulus freed some prisoners at his own will the senators became very discontent. 

According Suetonius, there were important requirements needed for the diploma to be valid, so to combat falsifications. They were imposed by the senatorial decree: 

Copied and compared with the bronze tablet affixed at Rome to the wall behind the temple dedicated to Minerva by the deified emperor Augustus. 

for themselves, their children, and their descendants, and has granted the right of marriage with the wives they had when the citizenship was granted to them, or, in the case of unmarried men, with those they may afterwards marry (but not more than one wife to one man). 

Thus it is difficult to see how the Dominate as was envisaged by Diocletian was more autocratic than principate as often asserted 

An example of the text can be found here: 

The most close possibly being Islamic conquests which were based on theological arguments. 

to the horsemen serving in the four squadrons and eleven cohorts that are called: 

Thus it is quite difficult to see how the Roman kingdom was not somewhat like a modern presidential republic. 

the First Thracian squadron Tampius' first Pannonian squadron Sebosius' Gallic squadron Vettonius' Spanish squadron