For Sartre, the individual is primary, and the group can only be considered as the aggregate of the decisions of a free individuals. So individual morality is the foundation, politics is merely a function of the individual's absolute responsibility for his or her own world. 

NOTE: You could make an argument along the lines of "You are demonstrably too stupid to make a good decision, therefore you should let me make the decision." In this case, the person's stupidity isn't functioning as an insult or ad hominem attack, it's being treated as a meaningful fact about the person and his capacity. If the premise is true, the argument is, in fact, strong. It's hard to imagine anyone responding well to such an argument, however. Compare this recent music video for a dramatization of a similar situation. The root of this concept lies in a theory, most closely associated recently with theorist David Sloan Wilson, that moral behaviors --specifically altruism --convey a group-level survival advantage. The idea itself is quite old, but it has recently experienced a revival after being dismissed for a long period of time. In practice, it depends on the philosopher. Plato's Republic arguably introduces its political theories entirely in the service of explaining a moral theory (and both are an extension of Plato's metaphysics). For Plato, human society is has a fractal structure, the political system is just the moral system at a higher level of scale. In contrast, for Aristotle, each level of scale has its own characteristic virtues, and therefore the moral system and political systems are related but distinct. If your belief is truly that the best outcome is immediate death for all, then no philosophical perspective is going to lead to any different result for you. Most people, however, would find this utterly morally abhorrent. 

One finding is that altruism is disadvantageous in good times, and at an individual level, but that it conveys a strong survival advantage for larger groups in times of stress and difficulty. In other words, when everyone is rich and idle, there's no incentive to be a good person. But when we're all on the verge of starving, if we can't overcome individual selfishness, the group dies together. When I conceptualize God mathematically, I think of the Mandelbrot Set, a purely mathematical object of infinite complexity and obvious beauty. Both the beauty and the complexity are contained in the structured pattern of points that tend to orbit towards the center ("heaven"?) or towards the outer darkness ("hell"?). Without the existence of a region outside the set, the set could have no structure. As far as your other question, I'd personally be happy to accept an argument that bees are moral. For me, however, the paradigmatic example of a moral, non-human agent is the mitochondria. Generous, enabling all higher life through their abundant production of energy; humble, doing their ceaseless work quietly and unobtrusively; and with unparalleled integrity, maintaining their own independent existence despite millions of years of coevolution; if any creature deserves the title "moral" it is the mitochondria. Unlike many, however, I don't see this, however, as reducing human morality to biological processes, but rather as revealing morality as a fundamental feature of our universe, towards which all things apparently incline. 

One answer to this question that works particularly well for the "Mathematical God" is that some region of contrast is necessary for there to be any structure at all. In Platonism, Good is the only reality, evil is just the backdrop, a region of minimal good, just as cold is a region of minimal heat. If we take such a view, we see that a universe with no "evil" is a universe where all that exists is the unbroken singularity of the perfect being. I'm reasonably certain that no established school of thought has brought such a nihilistic perspective to the veil of ignorance. You appear to have created a strong argument indicating that reason is wasted on this person. Your argument implies that for this person arguments and insults are equivalent --that insults might actually be more effective. But that result does NOT magically transmute insults into arguments, it just implies that your interlocutor can't tell the difference. 

I read this as a comment on what Sartre would later describe as bad faith. Kierkegaard is seemingly having a wonderful time at the party, but he is like an actor playing a role. He is untrue to his real self. The essential emptiness of the experience leads him to a place of despair. The fact that no one seemed to notice the deception just makes it worse --his friends apparently prefer the fake Kierkegaard to the real one. I think you're misinterpreting the claims of contemporary evolutionary moral theory. It is not that the soldier sacrifices himself because someone else in the group has genes are better, nor is it the narrow case of the parent sacrificing himself for the close genetic relative, the child. Rather, the claim is that everyone in the group has a certain inclination towards (occasional) self-sacrifice for the larger good, because groups with that quality do better over the long term than groups without it. Morals, so the theory goes, do not always help us personally, but they do always help the larger groups of which we are a part. 

Moral philosophy is about what is right or wrong for an individual person to do, sometimes within the context of a larger moral structure attributed to the universe. Social/political philosophy is about the role, functions, virtues and desirable organizational structures of groups of people. Because both are about what is right and good for people to do, the same philosophers are often interested in both, but they can neither be characterized as always the same nor as always differentiable across the work of various philosophers.