The post moderns, however, indulge in something quite different: futility. The do not believe in the heroic hope, in the moral dignity of tragedy. For them life is simply futile, and so they write stories of futility, of unrelenting bleakness and cynicism. Can there be comic relief in such a story? I'm not sure. What would there be to laugh at? If there were comic elements, presumably they would be a comedy as cynical as the despair that drives the whole story. It might be comic, but would it provide relief? A book can be a puzzle or it can be an experience. If it is an interesting puzzle, and you are the kind that likes puzzles, the puzzle may pull you through to the end. But once you reach the end, the puzzle is solved. There is no reason to read the puzzle again once you know the answer. While the modern high fantasy creatures come from Germanic and Norse mythology, similar figures with similar roles exist in many other cultures. They give form to our various fears and frailties, frailties which would have been much more immediate and in-your-face to preindustrial peoples with both fewer means to understand what was happening when things went wrong, and fewer means to resist the vagaries of chance or redress them. 

Book storytelling is not screen storytelling written down. It is a very different art form with very different strengths and weaknesses. Things like pause, which take up actual time, have a high impact in a synchronous media. They are weak in an asynchronous media. There are other ways to show hesitation on the page -- you can show it in non-committal or evasive speech for instance. You should use the tools that your chosen medium provides. 

There is no background in prose. The reader receives every word and they receive them one at a time. Thus there is no place to hide anything. So why do we go back to certain places over and over? Why do we read certain books over and over? A great experience is part of it. We would not go back if it were a lousy experience. But why go back instead of looking for other similar experiences? This is part intuition and part guess, but I think the answer may be comfort. 

A subtext is a broader meaning designed and intended by the author are part of the design of the work. Thus Oliver Twist is a story about a particular boy, but is also a condemnation of the English workhouse system of the time. This criticism is never explicit -- it is sub-textual. Deliberate subtext is on topic here because it is concerned with the writer's attempt to communicate. 

But readers of technical books do not choose the book based on its author. They choose it based on its subject matter. The readership is the set of people who care about its subject and that will include people with no sense of humor and people who don't agree with your emotional reactions to things. If you put those things into your technical book, you will be actively hindering those readers from getting the information they came for. This is why most technical books are written very plainly. Because it is not about the writing, it is about the subject matter. To break this habit, you have to remember that a novel is not a movie. A movie is, in some sense at least, a complete experience. The viewer's major senses are saturated with sound and visual action. There is certainly some room for the viewer to fill in the gaps, but not nearly so much as there is in a novel. A novel works far more by suggestion than by saturation. Providing all the details of a scene that a movie can pack into a single shot would be tedious and exhausting in a novel where the reader cannot take them all in at a glance but must read every detail one at a time and gradually integrate them into a complete picture.