As our prayers are more frequently made to the Father, we often say 'Dear God' meaning 'Father'. The Father as the originator within the Trinity is the giver of gifts including the Son and the giving of the Spirit, so it is naturally that the normal pattern is to pray to The Father whom we seek help and aid. But although this is the more common pattern the scripture does refer to Jesus as simply 'God' and so we could also pray to the Lord Jesus and say 'God' if we want, it just probably does not happen frequently because when we think of the Son we think of Him as the incarnate God and so we also think of him as a man also. Literally Christ died in love for sinners. Literally God will punish all who refuse it. There is no special accommodation under either biblical fact. Note: Under recommendation from a moderator, here are some facts surrounding the case to contend with as well as a theological framework to use: It is illogical to pretend there can be any being, or 'god' which does not have its own power given by the ALL POWERFUL, because all power is his. At his breath everything outside him could be destroyed. Therefore their is no logical basis for imagining their were any other gods under the notion of the term as it is normally used. Of course when we see a tree we see God holding together, beneath the subatomic level, all the elements necessary for a tree to be. If God ever decided no longer to sustain the tree, a flower, a cloud, the Devil, then it would cease to exist. Therefore although Moses wanted to penetrate deep into the glory of God he had to accept a limitation and only see the back of God. God is using human terms to express a limited reflection of his glory. The glory that must have appeared to him was a deep revelation of the meaning of the very words which were spoken as his 'glory passed by': I AM (Jehovah, LORD, Yahweh, YHWH, or however we chose to indicate it) simply means he is the Eternal One with no beginning. For any being to have no beginning, he must be without any boundaries or limits. Therefore God must be limitless in all his qualities including POWER. Basically the answer to your question is the Nicene Creed, but you have a collection of assumptions that are directly opposed to the reasoning of scripture. Whether God is ‘actually angry’ may mean different things to different people. What is ‘actually’? Is it ‘human’ or ‘real’? We can’t pretend to understand how God feels; we can only know that he wants us to understand him as feeling. The best way to see how God ’feels’ and how God wants our emotions to be like, is to read the gospels and see how God in man felt, and how the Christ's emotions were like. Jesus got angry but was most characteristic as loving - both emotions were real and indicative of how the Father and Spirit 'feel'. God on the other hand can be said to rejoice in all his works, taking pleasure in all the good he accomplishes. It is the nature of good to take pleasure in Good and to the degree of that goodness achieved the more God, in a sense, 'celebrates it.' God's rejoicing is not only in Himself but even a believer's joy could be said to be God's joy in the heart of man. The kingdom of God includes joy because by entering it we have communion with God's celebration of all he does and all he is: