So I don’t rewrite stories unless someone who wants to buy it asks me to. And even then I apply Ellison’s Addendum to Heinlein’s third rule: … and then only if you agree. 

I haven’t tallied up the reasons for rejection, but it seems to me that approximately half were for reasons like: 

This is the standard form of a copyright notice: 

Note that the 40 writers were all invited to submit stories. They were all known to the editors to be generally good writers. So these were not typical slush pile stories. Overall, about a third of the stories were selected. 

I like to apply Heinlein’s third rule: You must refrain from rewriting, except to editorial order. And by “editorial order” he means the order of an editor who could buy your story (not an editor that you might hire to make suggestions). 

If your friends know the meaning of the copyright notice, that's all you need. If not, add a line at the top of your article, asking them not to copy, distribute, or publish the article for any reason. 

ETA: I noticed that you said "for any monetary reasons." If you wish to allow non-commercial use of your article, consider issuing a "creative commons" license. The For Licensors section of the CreativeCommons.org FAQ offers guidance on how to choose and apply an appropriate license. 

The FSC (the tree logo on the left) was established in 1993, and the Mix label was developed in 1994 2004, so that physical copy had to have been printed some time after that. 

Writer's Guild of America: Companies with episodic television shows and once-per-week serials must hire freelance writers each season for each series, depending on their network order, but it explicitly says you must have spec scripts for an agent to submit. A lot of good instruction at this link. 

ETA References. The upshot is "it's extremely probable that you need an agent, but there's an outside chance you can get by without one." 

Beyond that, yes, it's possible that any given physical copy has been kicking around for two decades. It had a run of so many, some were sold, some were returned to the publisher, and the publisher warehoused them. Your ability to purchase it now is called "long tail retailing." (It describes a graph with a high peak at the beginning, tapering out to a long but low "tail" of small steady sales.) 

About.com: "You must secure an agent to be considered a professional writer." 

Two references for companies which will apparently take unsolicited scripts without an agent, in the UK. 

It has a website (greenpenguin.co.uk), so you could research when the website was launched. Could be 2003. 

How do I submit my scripts to TV Shows? 

What's the Process for Submitting a TV Script? 

At the very least, if you do want to write for a show which does accept outside manuscripts (and I don't know of any), you would need to get an agent to submit it for you. Even a show which does take manuscripts from out-of-house writers is not going to take one without representation. 

While I don't work in the TV industry, as I understand it, most shows have their own stable of writers and generally don't accept unsolicited manuscripts. (Some of the Star Trek shows did, but I gathered that was unusual.) 

If you're looking for more critique and less friendly chit-chat, as I was, I would recommend joining an online critique group like Critters. Critters is designed to encourage participation (you have to give about 3 critiques per month to have your stories critiqued). It is also designed to encourage useful, constructive, and in-depth feedback. I typically get 10-20 critiques on any story submitted, with 90% or more being very useful. The science-fiction/fantasy/horror portion of the site has been around for some time, but the other genre sections are new, so I don't know how populated they are at this point in time. 

Some publishers will accept queries or full manuscripts. You may choose to submit directly to these publishers. Small presses may be more likely to look at your unrepresented work. If your book does garner interest, you may choose to deal with contract negotiations and the rest of the business side of publishing on your own. A better alternative is probably to get an agent at this point. It won't be hard when you tell them you already have a publisher who wants to buy your book. 

Note that the 40 writers were all invited to submit stories. They were all known to the editors to be generally good writers. So these were not typical slush pile stories. Overall, about a third of the stories were selected. 

So I don’t rewrite stories unless someone who wants to buy it asks me to. And even then I apply Ellison’s Addendum to Heinlein’s third rule: … and then only if you agree. 

Editors often reject stories for reasons that have nothing to do with the “quality” of the story (whatever that might mean). 

I haven’t tallied up the reasons for rejection, but it seems to me that approximately half were for reasons like: 

Move on. Write something else. 

That's what a copyright notice is for. It informs the public that the work is copyrighted, when it was copyrighted, and who owns the copyright. 

If your friends know the meaning of the copyright notice, that's all you need. If not, add a line at the top of your article, asking them not to copy, distribute, or publish the article for any reason. 

ETA: I noticed that you said "for any monetary reasons." If you wish to allow non-commercial use of your article, consider issuing a "creative commons" license. The For Licensors section of the CreativeCommons.org FAQ offers guidance on how to choose and apply an appropriate license.