When you stated on this second question (on Programmers), a question which you knowingly posted on thew wrong site, that you didn't know what site it belonged to someone, entirely correctly, removed that statement from your question. They stated, entirely correctly, that the question should simply contain your question, not meta commentary about it, and that it is your responsibility to determine whether or not a question is on topic before you post it, not after. This is in no way being toxic. It is merely improving your question and stating the reasoning for why he did so. In addition to the edit being appropriate, there was a good edit reason to put it into context and ensure that it wouldn't be interpreted as vandalism. As others have said, the revision note could have been better, I agree, but what was there is, in my eyes, good enough that it really is the fault of the reviewer if they reject such an edit. Now, as to this specific case, it does seem that this behavior is not behind them at all, that they haven't changed, and that there is no way the community would support them; if they did, it also sounds like a case where the SE employees would put their foot down and reject them. Some users will seek help from outside the site, asking a friend, teacher, going to some other site, etc. to improve the grammar and other problems allowing them to post the question here without being blocked by the filter. Do we expect this to account for a noticeable percentage of users? Yes, if this happened it would be nice, as it's taking the burden of improving the lowest quality of questions off of our users, but can we expect a significant percentage of users to go through these steps? 

Finally, other users will post on meta saying that they couldn't get past the filter and asking the meta community to improve their question. Is this desirable? Is this preferable to having these questions just not be blocked in the first place and just be posted on the main site and be edited into shape (or to have comments indicating how the OP should improve the question)? If this is preferable, how so; what is gained from such a meta question that wouldn't take place if the filter didn't exist? If the answer to your question is already readily accessible through other SO questions, or even elsewhere on the web, then we don't want you posting another question. That you take the time to be very sure that you have no other means of getting an answer is desirable. 

Your question is built around the premise that SO exists to help someone answer a question that they are asking. You have a problem with this question because you know that the person asking it knows the answer, and thus doesn't need your help. 

There have been problems with reviewers throughout its entire history. People have been working to address the various problems throughout that time. Some things have helped, some have hurt, and some haven't changed much. If you have specific suggestions as to how to improve the queue, then by all means, propose them. Note that there have been a lot of discussions on the topic however, so try to look through past discussions on the topic to see if your idea has already been brought up, or is even already in place. 

That said, people often review quickly and don't look at reviews in as much depth as they should. While the edit should have been approved, it's at least understandable that some reviewers would be inclined to reject it at first glance, so I'm not particularly surprised that it's rejected, even though it shouldn't be. 

Such a user would need to be able to discuss what they did in order to demonstrate that they have changed since then and that such behavior is behind them; that they will be capable of acting responsibly going forward. If a user is able to do that after being banned, and the community accepts it, then that shouldn't need to prevent them from running at all. 

If enough of your edits are rejected then you will be banned form suggesting edits for a week. It takes like 20 or so rejections within a week, if memory serves. 

Honestly, I just don't see enough of these types of edits to warrant such behavior. There are other types of edits that are made much more often that have a higher error rate. 

SE is what it is because it doesn't tolerate crap. It's the reason experts come here, and stay here. It's the reason the site has so much higher quality content, and that such content is much easier to find.