Midway was a distraction at a critical moment in the battle, but this more due to luck than anything else. If you replay the Battle Of Midway over again, it is unlikely it would have turned out that way again. Despite the US advantage of surprise and Japanese overconfidence, so much of the battle was down to luck. 

Since the belt went outside a soldier's jacket, I guess the idea is they'll ride around swinging it like flail? But as you can see, that belt is holding on a bunch of other stuff, like your cartridge case and maybe a sword, knife, and pistol. Do you take all that stuff off, first? If you have a sword, knife, and pistol on your belt, why are you messing around swinging your belt buckle? 

The amendment was defeated in a partisan vote, 7 northern for, 5 southern against, with Georgia abstaining. It's particularly interesting to note that the sides would be reversed when the question was raised in the Constitutional Convention, but this time about representation. 

Mr. Madison goes on to assert that because William Smith was a minor at the time of the revolution, he wasn't fit to consent. Rather he is compelled to be bound by the decisions his society has made in his stead. 

This lead to the widespread adoption of submachine guns like the MP 40. However, the pistol cartridge severely limited its effective range to about 100 meters. This might be fine in urban areas or forests, but not on the Russian Steppes where most of the German army was fighting. An infantryman armed with a Kar 98K was good at long range. One armed with an MP 40 was good at short range. This left half your infantry squad ineffective in any given situation. They needed something that did both, they needed it fast, and they needed it cheap. 

So while Midway definitely played a part in the battle, the effects were mostly down to luck. Replay the battle again, change a few very minor factors like timing, and Midway's effect would have been even less. 

In addition to their carbine (which typically didn't have a bayonet), US Cavalry were issued a pistol and saber. If, somehow, they lost all that their 500 kg horse is an effective weapon; it can knock over and trample people. US infantry would have their bayonet, the butt of their rifle, probably another knife, possibly a personal pistol, possibly brass (or wood) knuckles. 

Then Mr. Madison goes on to assert the revolutionary idea that your allegiance to the sovereign and to the people (he uses the term "society") are different, in and of itself radical at the time, but goes further to say that your allegiance to the people is the higher one. Not unexpected from a people who just rebelled against their sovereign in the name of the people. 

German industry already had some expertise in complex stamping from things like children's toys. They needed innovative solutions that wouldn't use their already stretched supplies of strategic materials, and would be cheaper and faster to manufacture than the Kar 98 and Gewehr 43. And they needed to get more firepower in the hands of their infantry to counter the Soviet and US infantry threat. The StG 44 was their answer. 

During the conference on the 27th Admiral Kimmel turned to his War Plans officer, Capt. Charles H. McMorris, and asked specifically what the chances of a surprise raid on Oahu were, and the answer was "none." No one of the other Navy officials present challenged this judgment, and General Short saw no reason to question it. Both he and his naval colleagues were also heavily influenced by the knowledge that Japan could not attack Oahu with land-based planes, and by the continuing assumption that the Japanese would not risk a carrier strike as long as the bulk of the Pacific Fleet was in or west of Hawaiian waters. 

If you got really desperate, there's any number of other heavy and functional bits of kit you could bludgeon someone with or make into a weapon in your very copious downtime. Pulling from WWI improvised melee weapons we have the trench club and french nail. InRangeTV did a good piece on hand weapons of WWI. 

Basically, Mr. Ramsay is arguing that for someone to be a US citizen it requires both release from their obligations as a British citizen and the active consent of the person to become a citizen of the US; that citizenship is a explicitly consensual act between the person and their chosen sovereign. He argues residents in the US during the war are assumed to have consented to all this because they stayed in the US, but you can't make that same assumption about someone living in Europe. He's arguing Mr. Smith was still a British subject at least until he returned to the US, and should probably take an oath or something to be extra sure.