Interestingly, Adams seems to then fight his own hypothesis, though, saying: By maintaining the distinct personalities (and personhood) of each part of the Trinity, you avoid all of these ridiculous to downright bad implications. Deuteronomy 24 tells the Jews to sell 10% of what they have and share it with everybody on a feast. Jesus says in Luke 3:11 that whoever has two cloaks should share with him who has none. Acts 4 says that they Christians held all they had in common. Paul commands many of those to whom he writes to take up a collection for the poor in Jerusalem. 1 Or kind of like the Doctor meeting his past selves, crossing the timelines, and somehow necessitating running up and down corridors a lot. But I digress! 2 Note - Substitutionary Atonement is only one theory of salvation, so even if you could some how prove Modalism true and S.A. false, it wouldn't deprive us of salvation - it would just upset a lot of people who think this legal metaphor is the only theory that describes salvation. The NIV has simply translated the Jewish reckoning into a time that moderns would understand more readily. He preaches as follows: (The full text is here) Key Verses If any one is in Christ, he is a new Creation. Behold, the old things have passed away, the new is come. Indeed, the "closed canon" of the NT wasn't even recorded in its entirety until 367, when Athanasuis published his festal letter. This letter is merely a recommendation list, much like the NY Times best-seller list. It lists books which are "profitable" (see 1 Tim 3:16) for a Christian to read, but it merely reflects consensus, not dogma. Unlike Islam, Christianity does not believe there is anything sacred about original languages. Units of measure would be no different- whilest the KJV will speak of homers and ephaths, modern translations are totally okay with kilos and liters. Update: For an interesting excursion into the idea of "mapping" Eden, check out this article showing maps of Eden from 1914. They are highly speculative, but show the diversity of thought around where Eden might be. Sunday's popularity influenced thousands (if not millions) in the United States in the early 1900s. His brand of fundamentalism led directly to many of the beliefs you see. Early in the Century, this type of preaching was de riguer. Its influence, however shall we say, has since waned. (I for one, do not mourn its passing.) That said, for those who grew up in it, the tenants still hold. Sharing the wealth is pretty common in all of Christianity. Finally, it should be noted that Joel Osteen has never been to seminary, nor does he profess to be "much of a theologian", so don't expect too strong of a case if you're basing it on him. Peter, for instance, writes that Paul's books are highly profitable for reading, "even if they are sometimes hard to understand," but there is no book anywhere that says "these books are canon, these are not." That said, for the NT, one of the "marks" of canonicity has been aposotolic authorship. While scholars will tell you that Paul, for example, probably didn't write many of the "Pauline" letters (and never claimed to write Hebrews!), they were traditionally ascribed to apostles. (This is why Jude got in - apostolic claim). Because the original 12 apostles are no longer writing, this avenue of new canon is pretty much closed. In the link, however, the paper argues that these problems are not insurmountable depending on the assumptions made about the canopy, but I'll admit, it gets a little stretched for my tastes. In 100% of the cases where a birth narrative is present, the miracle of God becoming man is mentioned. Indeed, in John, even where the birth narrative isn't present, the incarnation - that God became man - is explicit. But therein lies the rub - Adams has made and I have made an assumption that a thing cannot be both a disease and a sin. It is definitely my gut feeling, but I don't know how I could biblically prove that point. "You take that picture back and give it to my mother, and tell her 'Damn her!' I never want to see her. She taught me to play cards and I killed a man at a gambling table and am serving fifteen years to pay for it. Now she has the audacity to send me her picture after she pushed me behind the prison bars," so said a condemned boy. It would be the equivalent of going from the German Er fahrt funf kilometer to He drove three miles. Literally, the sentence says 5km, but in changing units as well, the reader gains more clarity. The Flood altered where these rivers flowed The location is not meant to be literal In any event, the Flood probably did wipe out the Garden of Eden, and even if it didn't, there was an angel (in Genesis 3:24) who is guarding the entrance. When Jesus is on the cross, he cries out "Father, Why have you forsaken me?" How could he forsake himself if he is the same person forsaking and forsaken. Note - specifically in relation to the cross, the view that the Father was on the cross is a heresy known as Patripassianism - from "the Father suffering" This can't really be used for canonicity claims, however, since "this book" would only refer to Revelation itself - a completely separate work from the other 65. I say it may not injure you, but it is damning others. Many a boy leaves home and goes to board in some miserable, no-account church-member family. The first night they draw out a card table and take out a deck of cards and say: "Won't you play a game with us?"