In standard US English intervocalic /t/ merges with intervocalic /d/. "Writer" is thus pronounced identically with "rider". From a strictly US-English point of view there is no justification in distinguishing between the two at a phonological level. The OED writes: "Brit. /ˈrʌɪtə/, U.S. /ˈraɪdər/". Please note the slashes: this is phonology not phonetics. 

Similarly, there is no assimilation if the /l/ and the following letter if both are part of the root. E.g., you say as-sana (“the year”), but ʼalsina (plural of lisān “tongue”). 

To describe this phenomenon as “assimilation” is not entirely correct, as it affects only the article. For example, you say at-tīn (with apparent assimilation of /lt/ > /tt/), but you also say iltizām, without assimilation of the same cluster. So it is not a purely phonological thing, but one that is morphologically conditioned. In other words: /lt/ is assimilated if /l/ is part of the article, but not assimilated if the /t/ is part of the reflexive infix in verbal morphology. p and k are also glottalized before another consonant (written p', t', k'). Your idea about it appears to be a version of the analytic view, similar to that of Daniel Jones'. And if you take the opposing psychological view, it is indeed an error. But some would agree with you. 

It's interesting to consider whether this glottalization affects the t part of the ch affricate (so-called). For me, it does, when the ch is at the end of a word. The appropriate feature difference between "consonants" and "vowels" is not terribly clear, but let's say vowels are [+vocalic] and consonants are [-vocalic]. Then the number of possible vowels is the same as the number of possible consonants, and for the consonants classified by the place of articulation features, there are also vowels classified in exactly the same way, by place of articulation. 

An obvious problem with Saussure's version of this theory is that aperture does not uniformly increase at the beginning of a syllable, nor uniformly decrease at the end. So my revision is to substitute stress/unstressed for Saussure's explosive/implosive. This is the SPE feature stress, which is defined for consonants (honest -- I checked), but not actually used for consonants, so far. We could identify it with the fortis/lenis difference, which is sometimes used for consonants. 

"What do languages without a schwa vowel have in common so the brain is not able to take advantage of this shortcut?" Personally, I take the realistic side, which I take it is the side argued by Edward Sapir in The Psychological Reality of Phonemes. A version of that view is that of David Stampe, in various publications, and in the unpublished paper "Yes, Virginia ..." (... there is a phoneme). No, the conflicting claims about what was said are not necessarily a phonetic issue. We ordinarily refer to what was intended or perceived to be said when quoting or otherwise characterizing what someone said. For instance, if you say "Ib probably" that might well be interpreted, and quoted as "I'd probably", because in American English, a t/d/n before a word starting with p/b/m often becomes a labial, pronounced with the two lips, in partial agreement with the following labial p/b/m. 

Similarly, there is no assimilation if the /l/ and the following letter if both are part of the root. E.g., you say as-sana (“the year”), but ʼalsina (plural of lisān “tongue”). 

The cited Wikipedia article is extremely weak. “Elsewhere it is a very light sound, and is frequently silent, as in hutan ~ utan ('forest'), sahut ~ saut ('answer'), like Romance languages.” First of all, this is ungrammatical (it should be “as in Romance languages”). More significantly, it appears that the anonymous author does not understand the difference between phonology, phonetics, and spelling. The "h" in (for example) French “homme” is not a “very light sound” but merely a historic spelling for /zero/. Malay /h/ is a phoneme, which can be realised phonetically in different ways, though to call it “a very light sound” is not exactly the pinnacle of phonetic sophistication. Insofar as it is a phoneme, it is legitimate to represent it with a single symbol /h/ in phonological transcription. I think that your initial intuition is correct: by "surfacy" you mean strongly motivated by non-mentalistic physical factors (articulatory, aerodynamic, acoustic). While most phonological rules have some kind of physical basis, some rules have a stronger basis than others. If anyone can contribute any references to published work on perception of whispered speech, I'd love to see them. Now to the main part of the question: are there processes which tend towards being surface true? Probably the more fruitful way of asking the question is: which types of processes will tend to result in opacity? (you will get more hits if you search for opacity in google) When you have opacity, there are two interacting processes, such that one of them covers up the conditioning environment of the other (see Bakovic 2011's citation of Kiparsky 1973 (which is notoriously difficult to find) for a clearer definition). If one of these was nasal place assimilation, then we would find rule-conditioned homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences alongside non-homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences.