Not all employer based health insurance plans offer only one insurer. Indeed, in big businesses and large government agencies, the norm is for more than one health insurance plan to be available for an employee to choose from, and employer based plans involving multiple choices are probably at or close to a majority of all employer based health insurance plans by number of employees covered. 

Parallel developments took place in Germany and Italy. 

The New York Times mentions this quote in a November 21, 2016 story about "White Nationalism". The original interview is available in audio form here. 

But, just as the military needs to have soldiers who can't quit when they learn that they are being deployed to a high risk, potentially deadly assignment and could be ordered on suicidal missions for the betterment of the public, similar considerations apply to the PHS Commissioned Corps and the NOAA Commissioned Corps. 

Another source states that appeals of acquittals are permitted in New Zealand on a similar basis to those in Canada. 

The racism justification is reinforced by the nature of recent NRA PR efforts, which many critics in addition to the one linked have mentioned. 

This isn't really true in British Commonwealth countries, although it is in countries based upon European continental civil law. In British Commonwealth countries the grounds upon which appeals of acquittals are permitted are narrow enough to allow for some jury nullification verdicts. Usually, British Commonwealth appeals of acquittals can't be based on the argument that the evidence of guilt presented was overwhelming, although England allows for retrials of acquitted defendants based upon substantial new evidence. 

Of course, there are many kinds of information which are not privileged and not exempt from a FOIA request but for the fact that they are classified for national security purposes (e.g. the address of a formerly classified U.S. military base, or the name of a formerly classified government agency). 

Executive orders are almost always drafted by someone other than the President (at least in the last hundred years or so), although the President might provide an initial outline and might have editorial input into a near final draft. 

Historically, it was part of both Roman law and English law, with English law being the source of the American concept in the first place. 

In a nutshell, the income threshold necessary to qualify for Medicaid (the poverty line prior to Medicaid expansion) is lower than the amount of income needed to pay for the medical care that Medicaid provides to people who are eligible for it. 

Only the U.N. Security Council claims jurisdiction to take action against sovereign states for generalized violations of international law and the U.S. would have veto power of any action it sought to take against the U.S. as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council. 

If for whatever reason, China (which has nuclear weapons of its own, strong trade ties with the U.S., and lots of importance in world affairs especially in this region) strenuously objected, retaliating militarily would be much riskier for the U.S., Japan and/or their allies. 

In the United States and most other countries in the British political tradition, you cast your vote for an individual and a party designation is just a helpful hint. 

(tax credits can be applied in advance rather than when a return is filed if your income is $60,750 or more which is 250% of the poverty line). 

Moreover, a study looking at medical records for 30,000 people as a random sample compared death rates before and after Medicaid expansion (to 138% of the poverty line) and expanded private health insurance covers under the ACA due to mandates and credits (which apply up to 400% of the poverty line), and demonstrated statistically that 50,000 lives were saved by the ACA over a three year time period. The Washington Post, which reviewed the data found that this was an underestimate and that 87,000 deaths avoided was a more accurate figure. In addition, $12 million of costs were saved and about 1.3 million people who would have been harmed from lack of medical care without dying avoided that harm.