The "diary entry" format is not very immersive. It's hard to give believably the most immersive parts of classic prose - following given events step by step, line by line, each breath, frown and smirk. It's all a retrospection from earlier events of the day, compressed into a diary entry format, so it's never this detailed. This alone would probably be quite enough to discourage most authors. If you start with too many quirks, you run into immediate risk of making your protagonist a mary sue. It takes skill and caution to make a "quirky" (be it powerful, or overly unfortunate, or generally "special") protagonist not become the center of the universe, with the rest of the world revolving around them. If you compare your painstakingly, precisely built mystery to a house of cards, placing the last card on top of the house of cards is quite satisfying, but crashing a transatlantic cruise ship into it might be more entertaining. It gives the most room to expand. But never forget Rule of Cool warning! TV Tropes link!. In short: you don't need much explanation, much exposition or generally going to great lengths with your coincidence if its effects are awesome. Of course don't overdo it, don't just bore the reader, but setting up the pristine stage for a disaster is an essential step. Add some good foreshadowing and make it ring now and then in the dialogue with the reader realizing but the characters oblivious to it, and you are sending cold chills down the reader's spine. Do not aim at optimizing readability. Aim at expressing the character. Still, the format is liked and is common as "fast forward" mode, as day summaries, as a retrospection on last days of a deceased. It is popular and a very powerful tool, but rarely used on scale of full novel - a chapter, a section, a retrospection, something to break the pacing - it's common to interweave short scenes of very intense action with journal entries of days preceding the events. It's not nearly as rare as you believe, it's just usually served as a side dish, not the main course. Yes, it's one of the "rules that exist to be broken" - if you have a good plot which requires a "special snowflake" at the very beginning, do it - it may be a reversal of the "growth" story, where a tired god seeks escape into a calm life of a common mortal, or it may be a comedy with an arrogant, handsome, rich and famous hero running face first into a situation only fit for a "commoner", or you may come up with a Machiavellian mind and display its nature through the progress - these are all exceptions, violations of the rule - a rule that says "start with someone very relatable, then put them through a grinder and show what comes out". Now, if instead of that, you're writing romance, adventure, horror - you're free to use coincidence. The reader is not expected to foresee the future, neither given enough clues nor able to embrace the nebulous, always-changing rules. It's not a puzzle, it's a ride. Of course you're still able to include "mystery puzzle" elements, be it as short episodes / side threads, or as the central core surrounded by decoration of chaotic fantasy flair. It's an extra flavor, an extra challenge to the reader, and as such, the isolated part should follow the "no coincidence" rules of the game.