Now if the ump feels that someone is trying to delay the game intentionally, he can force things to happen, but that isn't usually necessary. Offensive statistics rise and fall over time. So to make things easier, I'm just going to look at figures since 2001. (2000 seems to be a bit of an outlier) I'm wondering what level of baseball you were watching. The regulations could be different for different leagues. The 12-second timing starts when the pitcher is in possession of the ball and the batter is in the box, alert to the pitcher. The timing stops when the pitcher releases the ball. 5.04 (b) (4) (A) has the comment Finally, this MLB Press release indicates that as of the 2015 season, the between-inning break is 2 minutes 5 seconds when games are televised locally and 2 minutes 25 seconds when televised nationally. In the 2001 - 2013 seasons, there were a total of 1596 grand slams. Baseball Almanac has grand slam totals for MLB by league over the years, but only through 2013. I didn't find a free reference for the stats after that time. Unfortunately the figures dip a bit in the 2011-2013 range, which may be part of a trend that is partially hidden by not having more recent data. As Philip Kendall noted, this gives us the expectation of grand slams per game. But it is too high if you are simply interested in the chance of seeing a game with at least one slam (since some games may have multiple slams). Fortunately the first reference (Baseball Almanac) lists all games with multiple grand slams, so this can be checked. For the 13 years in question, there were only 15 slams hit in a game that already had one. Removing those 15 slams changes the figure only in hundredths of a percent, so 5.0% is still a reasonable rate. When the bases are unoccupied, the pitcher shall deliver the ball to the batter within 12 seconds after he receives the ball. Each time the pitcher delays the game by violating this rule, the umpire shall call “Ball.” The intent of this rule is to avoid unnecessary delays. The umpire shall insist that the catcher return the ball promptly to the pitcher, and that the pitcher take his position on the rubber promptly. Obvious delay by the pitcher should instantly be penalized by the umpire. A timer like you describe is usually for the benefit of broadcasters to have a specific amount of time to break for commercials. The extra five seconds would let them rejoin after two minutes and not be in the middle of the first pitch. In MLB, 5.07(c) specifies that when there are no runners on base, the pitcher should be delivering the pitch within 12 seconds of having the ball and being notified that it is in play. This rule is rarely invoked in the majors. The umpire will hold the game to not start before the time is up. Once done, the ump should control the pace of game as at any other point in an inning. If the players aren't ready, he'll go and try to move them along. There's no automatic penalty for not being ready.