Allows to carry MORE weapons. Both different ones (lance, sword, bow/arrows, whatnot, later on firearms); and replacement throwing ones (e.g. 10 javelins), more arrows. Also, it's difficult to discuss "cavalry" in general - light vs. heavy was two different beasts tactically. I will try to give some general advantages below, with the understanding that a LOT of those can and have been negated by the infantry with proper responses in tactics/weapons, or heck, a whole lot more infantry. 

Your opponent needs to raise weapon/shield higher to parry - tires their arms 

In certain climates, horses can be used for environmental protection (barrier against sand/snow storm, warmth). Higher position of the fighter As Wladimir noted, the precise "vs" analysis is impossible since it depends heavily on what kind of armor, weapons, tactics, training and commanders both infantry and cavalry have, as well as economics of society (which heavily influences these things for the cavalry which is a lot more expensive to equip/train, especially heavy cavalry). Extra tactical maneuverability (see below) This applies both to handheld weapons, AND especially range weapons (e.g. javelins) since those don't have the drawback of Newton's 3rd law of motion from your own strike, nor added risk of hitting opponents' pike/sword harder. So we know that lictors were still in vogue in the 5th century. When did they disappear? My present guess is that Heraclius might have abolished them as part of his reforms that swept a lot of the Roman heritage away. But that's just a guess, I'll keep looking for a real answer. Another thing to bear in mind is that under Roman law a new citizen (a freedman or a foreigner) took the nomen of the Roman who had sponsored his enfranchisement. So, for example, practically all Gallo-Romans were named Julius Somethingus. 

Presumably this would be ancient Rome during the early Empire. The best numbers available come, I think, from Augustus' official autobiography. The English text can be found here. In paragraph 8 he says that in the Empire-wide census of 14CE "were counted 4,937,000 of the heads of Roman citizens". Now, it seems to be a vexing questions for historians what this number actually means - some think it includes women and children, who could not vote. Also, a great number of the citizens didn't live in Rome so could not vote. How many voting citizens resided in Rome then? Well, in paragraph 15 Augustus goes on to say: "I gave to 320,000 plebs of the city HS 240 per man". So, I'd say 320,000 is your brutto number. How many of those actually bothered to show up for the elections? I don't know; to judge by modern participation ratios, it could be as few as 20%, i.e. 64,000. Warfare & Metallurgy: Greek Fire Invented circa 1500 BC (and later) Indoor Plumbing in Rome was common throughout the majority of housing. During the Dark Ages, the technical knowledge of the plumbing system was lost. Throughout the Dark Ages, city plumbing would have been nice in much of Europe. Possibly even prevent the spread of certain plagues.?. 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT ORIGINALLY INCLUDED DUE TO POSSIBLE CONJECTURE: NOTE: The "ancient cultures" in Mesopotamia did not use the concept of zero as it would be used later. The "zero" was not used alone. Nor was it used at the end of a number. Thus numbers like 2 and 120, looked the same. Only context could differentiate them. 

I find the following passage very interesting, however, I could not find verification outside of Sumerian tradition. And in this case it is very unlikely that any archeological evidence can be found. "Finally it became so ridiculous that Pope Gregory XIII was convinced by his astronomers that basically all the Christian holidays were being celebrated on the wrong days," Duncan said. The pope introduced his Gregorian calendar in 1582, which determined that only one out of every four "century years" would observe a leap year. Thus while the years 2000 and 2400 are leap years, 2100, 2200, and 2300 are not. The Gregorian calendar was gradually, and sometimes grudgingly, adopted by much of the world and remains in common use.