Handlebars: Mountain and Road bars have different diameters, so brake levers and shifters designed for one will not fit on the other. 

Brakes: Typically, road brakes (mechanical disc brakes for road, caliper brakes, cantilever brakes) are short pull while mountain brakes are often long pull (v-brakes, mechanical disc brakes). This means you require a travel agent or special levers to run v-brakes or certain mechanical disc brakes on a road bike. Hydraulic systems are quite new on road bikes. Since you can't mount the levers onto a mountain bar, exchanging them is somewhat moot at this point. 

Getting tired also depends on how fit you are, and how efficient you are in using your gears - if you start in top gear on a racing bike, chances are you're going to get tired really quickly if you're not pretty fit. It sounds like you have a single speed, which means you have to compromise on one gear for the whole range of riding you do (unless you fit something like a Surly Dingle), so you may need to pick a different gearing combo, though typically these are set with a decent gearing which isn't too hard to start and easy to cruise in (like a 42t/17t on the Surly Crosscheck SS). If you have a fixie, your legs are always moving, so in this case, you may want a flip flop hub which allows you to flip the wheel and let you freewheel a bit when you're tired. Having multiple speeds may help with tired-ness depending on the terrain (hills make you want multiple speeds). 

You have a few options though: 

As for what you read, it may have been KOPS: http://sheldonbrown.com/kops.html 

Of course, enthusiasts can always justify more bikes (much like with lots of hobbies). 

Now to part 2 of the question: What can you change on a bike to improve your commute? This question has been asked on SE a bunch of times, but typically the answer for commuting on a mountain bike is to lock out your suspension if you can (or switch to a rigid fork) and fit slick tires. You could also try a smaller cassette if you want, but other than that, you're going to want to get a new bike. If you have a road bike, you sometimes will want to fit a big cassette so you have lower gears available (you may need a new chain, and to make sure all the capacities of the derailleurs are within spec, else you may need a new rear derailleur) and bigger tires to make things more comfortable. 

You usually see it only on steel now, but older aluminum bikes have had that style (even mountain bikes), especially from Cannondale: 

Shifters: The front derailleur needs to be matched to road/mountain shifter. Rear derailleur will need to be matched if >=10 speed. Friction shifters always work.