“The proper use of the Book of Mormon as sacred scripture has been under wide discussion in the 1970s and beyond, in part because of long-standing questions about its historicity and in part because of perceived theological inadequacies, including matters of race and ethnicity” (W. Grant McMurray, 2001, “They Shall Blossom as the Rose: Native Americans and the Dream of Zion”). From what I can tell, there have been 4 actual translations of the Book of Mormon into German over the years, each of which has had several printings or editions: 1852, 1959, 1980, and 2003. I found some good historical information in the Journal of Book of Mormon Studies, Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought, and Deseret News. I expect there will be a new edition in the next year or two that includes updates from the 2013 edition of the English scriptures, as similar updates have been published in other languages – most recently French, Italian, and Dutch. The current edition of the German Book of Mormon can be found on LDS.org. Again, from the official LDS site: (bold text added by me) 25 Likewise, was not Rahab the harlot also justified by works when she received the messengers and sent them out another way? Free will is not dependent on our origins. To illustrate this, we can look at a polar opposite theory of origins and show that the same argument can be stated, and it's equally nonsensical. The existence of free will has nothing to do with origins. It doesn't matter if the proposed theory of origins is the Big Bang, or Ex-nihilo Creationism, or the idea that a Turtle god barfed up the universe. (Sorry. I've been reading some odd legends lately.) Both claim either a first cause, or a first known cause, leaving the question of whether or not this known first cause is truly first... But I'm getting off the subject. This is in perfect harmony with the idea of continuing revelation that is accepted within the LDS Church. It's not a problem at all. I wonder how many people have been lulled into a false sense of security by such teaching. As a missionary knocking at the doors of people, I had literally hundreds of people tell me that they were not interested in learning more about Jesus Christ, for they were already saved. The shocking thing about this is that they were right. What that minister said was true, but the difficulty is that it was not the whole truth. As for the significance to the Church members, aside from the obvious implications of the above: You can find much more information simply by searching their amazingly well done online Scripture Citation Index for "General Conference". For example, from there I learned that Elder Paul V Johnson (one of the Seventy) considers it a sacred responsibility for all members of the Aaronic Priesthood to attend. If the Big Bang is true, and we have a metaphysical dependence on matter and energy, that has nothing to do with whether or not we have free will. The true value of the sacrifice of Christ means much more than this general salvation which comes to all mankind. There is an additional salvation that God has planned for his children. This additional salvation is an individual salvation and is conditioned not only upon grace, but also upon obedience to gospel law. One of the prophets in the Book of Mormon explained why he and his associates were so concerned about teaching more about Jesus Christ, as he wrote: If you are interested in looking at the first translation of the German Book of Mormon (1852), which is in the public domain, you can find scans at Archive.org and on Google Books (links below). Good luck parsing the old German Fraktur! The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches that our bodies are temples where the Holy Ghost can dwell (1 Corinthians 6:19–20) and that they were given to us as a gift from God, therefore we are expected to take care of them. The recording of Das Buch Mormon appears to have been digitized from cassette tapes produced by the Church, based on information from the site's home page. Recordings were most likely produced from the 1980 edition of the German Book of Mormon – the edition that preceded the current 2003 edition – which explains why the recordings are no longer published by the Church. “The proper use of the Book of Mormon as sacred scripture has been under wide discussion in the 1970s and beyond, in part because of long-standing questions about its historicity and in part because of perceived theological inadequacies, including matters of race and ethnicity” (W. Grant McMurray, 2001, “They Shall Blossom as the Rose: Native Americans and the Dream of Zion”).