The illicitness and the validity of Sacraments are canonical terms used to describe the effectiveness of the sacrament. Changing the role of this office was not the only cause for rise in canonizations. There are other factors too. If a reigning pope resigns for money, it is a sin (Simony). Like all sins this is also a voluntary act. Hence he will cease to be pope. Celebrant: And all his empty promises? As pointed out by @curiousdannii and @Andrew Leach, Theologically speaking preventing the sacred species from spilling to ground is a big deal because of what the Church believes it it be. That is Christ himself. So spilling the species (desecration) is among the gravest of sins. (Such actions, if done willfully, can be forgiven only be the Pope on the recommendation of the concern Roman curia. This shows the gravity of the matter in the Catholic Church) Hence it must be avoided whenever possible. What was the reason of this action? To all groups which are making retreats or following spiritual exercises, in a Mass which is celebrated during the retreat or exercises for those who are taking part; to all those who are taking part in the meeting of some pastoral commission, in the Mass they celebrate in common; The mass is so important to the catholic church, that no-day passes without a Mass said at-least in one place in the world. This is not scientific, but it is folklore that there are three Masses being said every second in the world. (It is jokingly said that many Kings, dictators wanted to destroy the Catholic church. they tried different ways and failed. But all they have to do was to stop them from celebrating Mass.) To priests who take part in large celebrations, but are not able to celebrate or concelebrate; No, he did not abolish this office. There is still one Promoter of the Faith for every cause of canonization. What Pope John Paul II did was to reduce his power to a great extent and change his role in the process of canonization. Hence as far as the effects are concerned, those who receive under only one species are not deprived of any of the grace that is necessary for salvation. Probably because Jesus himself said that he will built his Church on him and even went on to change his name as a proof of it. In the Bible, name of a person is changed by God when they are called to lead a significant role. (Like Abram-Abraham/Jacob-Israel) If Peter was just one of the twelve, this event is an anomaly.