is a theorem, and substituting P^-P in for A and Q^-Q for B, you still get another theorem (if you can read through all the parentheses): is a theorem of propositional logic (where F is false), so that anything that evaluates always to false will also be a theorem. The distinction that Fresnel is trying to draw is not clear. I take it that he means that a method is a clever general way of doing a great many things with little thought versus an idea which is a clever specific idea for a very specific difficult problem (that probably doesn't generalize). If that is the appropriate interpretation of Fresnel's statement, then I disagree with Fresnel; the examples in La Geometrie, may or may not be specific instances of the application of the genera method (I vaguely remember those instances only tangentially being an application of analytic geometry, that is they each had their own idiosyncratic problems and solutions). But even where the distinction works, I think the 'method' is the revolutionary thing rather than the specific solutions to the specfic problems in La Géométrie. There was a revolution in mathematics because of Descartes, back in the 1600's. He invented the method of using the mapping from geometric objects to coordinates and algebraic equations, where a quicker rote symbolic proof was possible in comparison to many synthetic proofs (like those in Euclid). One interesting "in between" theory would be Kant's once notorious classification of mathematics as "synthetic a priori" as opposed to purely analytical. In other words, it is a priori idealism, not based in physical experience, yet neither is it a tautological system of analytical deductions. Like induction in physics, it produced or "synthesizes" new knowledge... knowledge that is not absolutely "certain" and potentially complete, but is "as certain" as rational processes can get for human consciousness, given its necessary, categorical structure. So people may either use the term colloquially, as we do with "infinity," or they must actually practice and learn all the complex mathematics within which some assumption of randomness is inscribed and reified. So I see nothing simple or intuitive about it. We simply cannot reason about, re-flect upon, or re-cognize singular events, they are like the Kantian ding-an-sich. Yet the idea of randomness introduces this assumption of a kind of noumenal singularity. It surely exists, but we cannot know it exists. Like zero, it is a kind of negative construct that we introduce into ordering processes for certain abstract manipulations, but nothing the eye or even the mind's eye can see. It is well worth reading the opening of his Logic, where he "begins" with "Being" and demonstrates how it passes by itself into "Nothing" to generate, through the Aufhebung, the movement of "Becoming." The is not unlike physics finding that it could never reach the bottommost "particle," but only a kind of oscillating indeterminacy out of which particles arise... or perhaps the paradoxes in mathematics relating to zero and infinity. The distinction that Fresnel is trying to draw is not clear. I take it that he means that a method is a clever general way of doing a great many things with little thought versus an idea which is a clever specific idea for a very specific difficult problem (that probably doesn't generalize). If that is the appropriate interpretation of Fresnel's statement, then I disagree with Fresnel; the examples in La Geometrie, may or may not be specific instances of the application of the genera method (I vaguely remember those instances only tangentially being an application of analytic geometry, that is they each had their own idiosyncratic problems and solutions). But even where the distinction works, I think the 'method' is the revolutionary thing rather than the specific solutions to the specfic problems in La Géométrie. There was a revolution in mathematics because of Descartes, back in the 1600's. He invented the method of using the mapping from geometric objects to coordinates and algebraic equations, where a quicker rote symbolic proof was possible in comparison to many synthetic proofs (like those in Euclid). Carvalho says Cantor is 'confusing numbers with their mere signs'. I think Carvalho is misunderstanding how labeling of mathematical objects works; he is confounding the proof of cardinality with the construction of the objects at hand. The ordinal nature of the naturals (and the evens) is irrelevant to the proof. is a theorem, and substituting P^-P in for A and Q^-Q for B, you still get another theorem (if you can read through all the parentheses): A contradiction is presence of two hypotheses that have opposite truth value. A proposition is not itself a possible contradiction, it's just the collection of all its valuations.