My son (5) sometimes changes his mood suddenly. Sure this is somehow normal human behavior, but it can drive us mad. I'd assume that some classical music might be well suited, but for sure there might be alternatives. Children do have to develop the hormonal processes which make them wake up if they need to urinate during their sleep. Some do earlier, some do later, but you definitely can not "teach" them to wake up in the night! That's why a solution with a sensor in his pants which gives an alarm to wake him up will most probably not make sense yet. This morning everything worked great and "peacefully" until breakfast. After having breakfast, we went to the bathroom: he was supposed to was his hands/face and he just didn't do it (instead did other things like hiding somewhere behind a towel or rolling up the carpet ) although I told him calmly several times to firstly clean his hands. Remarks: Important addendum: Toilet training for the night and medical aspects In case you're having the same problem, one more remark might be important: If your child seats are so uncomfortable, maybe you can borrow a more comfortable seat just for the duration of the trip? At our national automobile club (in Germany) it is possible to borrow child seats for some days or weeks. (However, I fear that it might not be much cheaper than buying one, if its not only for one or two days.) Concerning bed wetting in the night (and not at all waking up before to go to the toilet) she said: (So for the given reasons we did not try that medicament yet.) And for sure he still goes to the bathroom again, directly before going to bed around 8 PM. ... and this also explains, why his behavior and reactions might be different from that of >80% of the other children and therefore maybe different from the experience of 80% of other parents. It seemed to be fun for him to see me getting more and more angry until I was really really angry. Background: our son (9 months old) is often bored and I think he might enjoy music, but I'm not sure which one to take and how to select. What could be the reasons for such behavior and what would be a good reaction? I'd assume those criteria are important: When he sleeps at night, he wears diapers, as he is not aware of peeing during the night yet and does not wake up in time. So far that's ok, we've contacted a specialised doctor and it seems to be normal that some children take longer until they learn how to control that. And - as torgengb correctly remarks, there are many alternatives to a frontal collision with very different effect on deformation of the car and movements of luggage and people inside! We could not find a fixed scheme, at which time in the night he urinates. Mostly, the diaper is still dry when we wake him up, but sometimes it is not. And mostly the diaper will then still be dry in the morning, but sometimes it isn't. I think the composition of diner and what/how much he has drunk in the evening has a major effect. -> The solution with the least risk for injury are the child seats! I have the impression, that if the situation gets too perfect, he purposefully tries to destroy it. This sounds strange to me - could this be true? As can be expected, she is not very good at staying within the lines, and although we tell her that that's all right (and, ourselves, intentionally do it all messed up), she becomes frustrated to the point of throwing her pencils because she wants to be better -- but she doesn't want to train because she isn't good enough. Gah, child logic is hard. She just wants to sit next to us and direct us to do the drawing 'properly'; every now and then we agree to do that, but explain to her that she's supposed to do the colouring herself, if she wants to colour at all that is (it's not like we're forcing her). What things can we do to encourage her to keep trying even though she's not at her desired skill level, to let her understand that it's okay to struggle with things? Still, every now and again she goes into a frustration rage, and that's okay. And we do praise the effort (as we were also doing before posting). As most kids, my daughter loves to draw and colour pre-printed templates. She started quite early (on her own, improvising with any paper that had outlines on it), then progressed rather quickly from just scratching the entire page to making a proper effort to stay within the lines. According to this post, that's early for her age, but she's been early with a lot of things. Read stories where the character experiences both positive and negative emotions, and point your son to/ask your son to identify the emotions. Keep it a bit lighter if you see that he is feeling too sad. (My son so upset with me and the book when Boxer died in Animal Farm that he started to cry and stormed out of the room. Oops... I didn't see that one coming. He was old enough to understand that it was a metaphor for communism, but the injustice was just too much.) Once she has an emotional vocabulary that includes sad, not loved, hurt, etc., it's time to get your wife involved. This has to be a united front. You do deserve credit for the things you're doing right, and I admire you for them. You're probably drained at the end of the day and would like to rest some. So what do you want to do? If it's an activity like gaming, then you just need to set priorities. Figure out what is more important to you than your daughter, and do it without feeling guilty. But if you do feel guilty, there must be a conflict in there somewhere. The origins of empathic concern Handbook of Moral Development Chap. 9 <- Interesting read Emotion Knowledge as a Predictor of Social Behavior and Academic Competence in Children at Risk