Leviathan is just a borrowing from Hebrew with little change. 

The suffix -ism is derived from PIE adjective suffix combination+ending -ismos 

tra̯nsprtea̯ti̯om act of carrying across 

It gives as cognates Hittite ispart-, Avest. sparǝr- Old Indic -spūrdhán, spárdhate "competition" 

dheĝhr day (root dheĝh- "cycle") 

For post-scriptum "P.S." there is a calque as well, it even uses the same sounding initial letters: "prodolzhenie sleduet" ("continuation follows"). 

I wonder whether another explanation is also possible. For example why it could not origin from the root com meaning "together" plus a common neuter adjectival suffix -tom? cmtom thus would mean "something put together". Is this explanation possible and if no, why? 

Is Japanese "subaru" related to Russian "soberu" ("I'll put together") and Latin "conferre" ("to bring together")? 

The etymology for the word you mentioned is unavailable, but I want to put out that the spelling usually indicates the former pronunciation. This means that if the word was borrowed, it was starting with j- at the time rather than with g-. 

e̯eĝhis hedgehog (> russ. ёж, eng. hedgehog) 

If this theory wrong, then possible cognates (according to Vasmer) are Anglo-Saxon rǿtu "joy" and Old Islandic rǿtask. 

You should also consider the PIE preposition 

Other words derive from PIE words ending with -m-os and -n-os (which was a common derivational construction) with the ending -os later disappearing. 

The English word "good", related to Russian "годный" "suitable" comes from Proto-Indo-European root ghedh- which means "fit together". I do not see any connection. 

The English word "right" comes from Proto-Indo-European word o̯reĝtos which meant "correct" and had cognates o̯reĝr "directive, order", o̯reĝs "king, ruler", o̯reĝti "guides, directs", o̯reĝi̯om "kingdom". The root itself meant "direct, straight" and reflected in many English words both inherited and borrowed, such as "direction", "correction", "rectum", "region". 

Note that the PIE word e̯oinos had clear meaning of "one alone", "one separated" contrasted with another word for "one", som which meant "united", "one together". 

ğemtus meaning "act of coming" (root ğem-, it is also the source for English word "come") 

I think there is a widespread conception that if a person wants something very much, he will think of it every time, and as such, will see it while sleeping. As such the word for seeing during the sleep also often used to designate a desire for future. 

The words derived from non-IE language were often anglicized, latinized or hellenized before entering English. 

The suffix could be combined with other suffixes as well, to form constructs like -ikea̯/-ika̯/-ikia̯, -tria̯/-tra̯/-teria̯, -nia̯, -u̯ia̯ etc. 

Some reconstructed PIE words with the suffix include 

In all books I have read so far (Beekes, for example), it is assumed that the word for hundred in PIE cmtom came from the word for "ten", decm. They thus postulate that the oldest (non-attested) form was dcmtom. 

How is son reconstructed in PIE, sou̯nus or seu̯nus? 

e̯oğhis snake, serpent (in Fortson, e̯eĝhu̯is). Mallory claims this is unrelated to the a̯enghu̯is. Fortson claims it is related to the following entry and reconstructs the same consonant in the root. Mallory claims that the "traditional school" derived hedgehog as "snake-eater". The Brill etymological dictionary of Latin reconstructs the initial a̯- here and links this root to the a̯nğhis, claiming that the -n- infix appeared in it due to analogy.