From a linguistic aspect, nikah means: In Qur'an 2:237, it is again explicitly used to refer to marriage contract: During the time of the Prophet ﷺ and his companions, the period of engagement was a few days unless there was a reason to prolong this period. In the case of 'Aisha, the period was three years until she reached the age when she could consumate the marriage. In the case of Saffiya, it was three days after the battle of Khaibar: Hence, a condition as such in a marriage contract must be respected or the wife gets the right to annul the marriage. DISCLAIMER. This is not meant to be a fatwa on the matter. Rather, it is a collection of the opinions expressed in multiple publications. One should always seek a fatwa from a scholar knowledgeable about the topics of marriage contracts and their consequences. As per Islam Q&A Fatwa 223559 (Arabic only), we as Muslims are commanded to fulfill our contracts (long as said contracts do not make what is lawful unlawful, and vice versa — see Jami' at-Tirmidhi, Vol. 3, Book 13, Hadith 1352): The intention is to annul the marriage if the condition is not fulfilled, in which case, if the husband marries again, the previous wife is automatically divorced. The intention is to give the wife the choice to annul or continue with the marriage. Shafi'i The Shafi'i school is the same as the Hanafi school. In Rawdat at-Talibīn, Vol. 7, pp. 265, An-Nawawi said if a condition in a marriage contract contradicts the norms of marriage, said condition would not be binding, let that be that the husband does not take additional wives, not to divorce her, or have right-hand possessions, or not to have her travel with him, or to divorce any of his previous wives, etc. [...] a man used to ask somebody else for the hand of a girl under his guardianship or for his daughter's hand, and give her Mahr and then marry her [...] They will have whatever they wish therein, and with Us is more. There has to be a distinction of what is generalizes a rule based on a specific reason (as is the case of the verse in question), versus what is can be a common attribute that falsely leads one to generalize it and derive a fallacious rule (e.g., a cat has four legs; a dog has four legs [the common attribute]; therefore, a dog is a cat [fallacy]). There has to be no other verse (Qur'an or hadith) that specifies conditions for a specific situation to be generalized if there is another verse that elaborates, or adds a restriction, or puts a condition, or ... For example, in this hadith, the Prophet ﷺ lists three reasons for executing a person in Islam (specific conditions) that were elaborated upon in later or other hadiths for people who commit other sins punishable by death (e.g., rebelling against a rightful ruler, committing homosexual acts, etc.). One cannot, therefore, derive a rule that other acts are not punishable by death because the specificity of the reasons for punishment are clear, the reasons for generalizing this case to be exclusive is not supported by other verses. Examples of verses that have rulings based on specific reasons of revelation but are widely applied In An-Nisa' 4:58, Allah Allah commands us to render trusts to whom they are due and when we judge between people to judge with justice. The reason the verse was revealed is the story related to Uthman ibn Talha, which is briefly mentioned in the link under "Conquest of Mecca". This is a type of verse that stipulates the commandment, but not the reason of revelation.