It has to do with how rankings points are computed based on a rolling 12 months of results. Tennis, as sports go, tends to be very entrenched in tradition and doing something like changing men's grand slam matches from best of 5 sets to best of 3 would take a lot of convincing of those in authority to make that change. In recent years, many tennis journalists and media figures have suggested that the grand slam events have the men play best of 3 sets up until the second week (or QuarterFinals) - then switch to best of 5 beyond that. 

Keep in mind that after the #1 and #2 seeds are placed - the rest of the placing of seeds into the draw can be somewhat random and different. In the example I just gave, Federer and Wawrinka's positions (33 and 96) could have been swapped depending on the randomness of their names being chosen - by someone pulling their name from a hat (at all 4 majors anyway). Different tournaments use different methods for name selection and have changed those methods historically at certain times. Here's a link to a draw ceremony video of the 2015 Australian Open Women's Singles draw if you care to watch. 

I have heard of doing things like getting different colored markers and drawing colored shapes on the ball and continually trying to figure out what color the shape is on the ball - are there any other drills that could help in this area of focus? 

If every match went according to plan with the (higher) seeded player winning, this placement of seeds into the bracket would lead to: 

The Australian Open didn't really become one of the 4 majors that all the top players competed in until the early 1980's. In fact, the tournament wasn't even held in 1986 because of a reshuffling of the schedule that year. As with most tournaments on the ATP and WTA tours, they are held during a time of year that has the best weather. For the Australian Open, that means during the summer time in the southern hemisphere, so, late January/early February. If you go back far enough in the history of the Australian Open you'll see the dates for it being in December, so it's moved around on the calendar a little bit over the years before it finally settled into the same two weeks over the past 25 years or so. 

I know that in tennis you are allowed to use either hand to hit the ball with the racquet during any point, set or match. You may not use more than one racquet during any single point, though (though you are allowed to switch racquets between points). And racquet throwing (for the purpose of hitting the ball) is not allowed - the racquet must be in your hand at the point of contact or you lose the point. It is perfectly legal though, between shots, to drop the racquet and pick it back up and continue the point. Under the official rules, it's often (like you emphasized) the intent behind the action that is judged, rather than the action itself - in terms of carrying the ball or a double-hit. Tennis rules follow a sort of "good faith" motto - that a carry or double-hit won't count against you as long as you didn't do it deliberately. No matter the popularity or previous ranking - no player gets any portion of their rankings points back. They would start back at zero unless their retirement was very short-lived and all of their previously earned rankings points had not dropped off yet (from the previous season). I assume you understand how the rolling 12-month rankings points system in professional tennis works. If not, leave a comment and I can expand on it further. 

Here is how the math of it works out - Winning the title is worth 500 points, making the final (but losing) is worth 300 points. 'Direct Entry' means that their current ranking qualified them for a spot in the main draw of the tournament. Their name will sometimes appear in the draw prefixed with their ranking (and/or seed) number. Typically, the ranking taken into consideration is what the player was ranked 2 to 3 weeks before the tournament begins (when entries are finalized), so their ranking going into the tournament might be slightly different than their current ranking depending on if they played in a tournament between when entries were finalized and the tournament began. Hits by the frame are definitely allowed - so you are correct. In fact, the ball can hit any part of the racquet, including the throat or the handle as long as it hits only the racquet and not your hand or any part of your body. See Rule 24i where it says "except the racquet". Notice the wording there doesn't say "the strings of the racquet" - that wording is on purpose.