Children with ADHD often have co-morbid (all that means is that they happen at the same time) conditions, such as OCD; up to 25% of kids with ADHD may have OCD as well. 

Failure to sleep at night in newborns is usually caused by a lack of (or failure to establish) a circadian rhythm; in other words, it's as normal as can be, and a source of great consternation in new parents (I mean, who explains this to new parents? Hardly anyone.) 

We called it the family bedroom. As I said, I haven't seen it proposed here before. But it was so much easier for everyone involved at our house. 

It's very commendable that you're in touch with your child about this and you are understanding and open with him. Your experience would be the same with an adult with OCD as with a child. Adults and adolescents are, indeed, aware that their fears are not logical, but that doesn't help at all. That's because their thoughts are intrusive; they're unwanted and irrational, but they come anyway. If this is painful for an adult, it is much more so for an adolescent. Furthermore, he may not be telling you about the worst obtrusive thoughts he has because he may be ashamed of them.* 

One option people rarely mention is putting the kid to bed in their parents' room. After months of struggling with our (2.5 year old) second child, I bought a thick foam rubber pad at a fabric store, covered it with sheets, blankets and a pillow and put it on the floor of our bedroom against a wall. That stopped a world of pain and suffering on all of our parts. No more crying in the middle of the night, trying to settle them back into their beds just to start the whole process again. And no sleeping in our bed. 

You can also talk to your son's doctor about perhaps using melatonin. 

I would advise, though, that when feeding, offer the breast and breastfeed before "topping off" with the bottle. His 'screaming' should not be because of hunger. If you're sure that the baby is getting adequate feedings (weight gain appropriate to age, etc.) use the Soothie if it helps.