State and Local Age Limits And Disability Rules Most states have chosen not to follow the federal example with regard to judges and have either imposed a constitutional retirement age, as in the case of Colorado, where Colorado Constitution, Article IV, Section 23(1) requires judges to retire at age 72, and/or have a commission overseeing judges (and sometimes other civil servants) that can require them to retire due to disabilities which often arise from old age. The subsequent developments in the enemy combatant cases (some of which arose collaterally in the criminal trial of Padilla), haven't really change the relevant law. There have also been military commission cases since Padilla, but they go to the question of the proper scope and process to apply in military commissions of enemy combatants imposing some punishment beyond indefinite detention as a quasi-prisoner of war for the duration of the war on terrorism authorized by the AUMF. (3) Mr. Padilla engaged in conduct that constituted hostile and warlike acts, including conduct in preparation for acts of international terrorism that had the aim to cause injury to or adverse effects on the United States; It is not at all clear how the courts would resolve that issue outside the 4th Circuit. The Padilla case in 2005 did give rise to a precedent in the United States Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that supports the practice, although a subsequent ruling in the Al-Marri case arguably muddied the waters. However, in practice all candidates for the electoral college make a pledge to vote for the president candidate and vice president candidate endorsed by their party, which makes the actual elections of president and vice president just a formality. The thing about committee chairmanship is specific to the censure of a Congressmember by the Congress. In that case they automatically lose the chairmanship in any Congress committees they lead. But that's not relevant in the case of a censure of the President. The President is not a member of Congress and thus isn't even a member of any committees, let alone chairman. If you have questions about Congress committees, that would be a topic for a different question There are no direct consequences when the US President in censured by Congress. It is merely a symbolic gesture. Here is Barack Obama visiting the area of the Waldo Canyon Fire: A Censure is a formal condemnation of the actions of an individual person. Both the House of Representatives and the Senate can make such a statement. They decide on doing so with a vote, just like with any other decision.