Children need to learn to eat and it is slow and difficult work. At 6 months or so the food they get by spoon or hand may or may not serve any nutritional purpose, but is part of that learning process for them (and for the adults trying to get it into them.) The key for us was to stick firm on two points: Many families choose one parent whose sleep will get back to normal much sooner (eg Daddy is going back to work so his sleep can't be messed with) and one who handles nighttime parenting and possibly gets a nap in the daytime. Even if both parents have returned to work sometimes they make this deal, with the up-at-night parent napping in the evening when the other parent is also home, or the up-at-night parent holding a job that doesn't require a lot of mental acuity or physical dexterity. If this is what you plan to do, make sure both parents agree this is the plan. 

To reduce sleep deprivation, sleep when the baby sleeps and do not prioritize tidying or cleaning over sleeping. Work out what things you can do in the company of an awake baby and do those things then so that you can sleep. Many babies love to be in a sling while you shop, vacuum, or read something, or to be in a baby seat or swing while you cook or tidy. They are less happy to be in a sling while you type on a keyboard or talk on the phone, though. 

To manage to function well on less sleep than you really need or most certainly less uninterrupted sleep, make sure your room is perfect for sleeping - if you need to, change your mattress, change the kind of blankets or pillows you have, get blackout curtains, a white-noise thingy if there is noise from outside, and so on. Don't use alcohol or caffeine for a while. If you have trouble falling asleep in the little time you have and then you stress anxiously "I can't get asleep and now it's going to be even worse!" then learn relaxation exercises or meditation. 

It is also important to wipe front to back, not back to front as the bacteria that further back can infect the ureter - when it is time for her to learn to wipe herself this will be important to teach her then too. 

Your concern about "justifying" to "A" why he should have to share a room later, may be moot. If you need to move them in together against their wills later on, you are the parent after all. However, they may see advantages to the situation even at say three and six and want to be together. It becomes more a question of when to move baby into his own room unless you only have a total of two bedrooms to work with. If you really do feel they should be together eventually, I recommend waiting until "B" is past the "needing to put everything in his mouth" stage because of toy safety more than anything. Hopefully by then "A" will have grown out of the need to walk on his brother too. 

One source is here, but most of the sources when googling "baby's hands cold" say the same. 

How can we get our daughter to either not roll over, or to not wake up when she rolls over? However, if expressed breast milk is an option, it's healthier than any formula and can be frozen for up to six months. Now, here's the guidance we were given: Our 5 month old generally gets her head down somewhere in the early evening. We lie the sleeping lump on the bed face up, and she snoozes. Then she rolls over onto her tummy and wakes up. She's at the stage where she's perfectly happy to be on her tummy while awake, if a bit frustrated when trying to crawl (currently she sort of drags herself where she wants to go). However, in the middle of the night, there's normally an exhausted cry for attention, which escalates until we pick her up and either hold her or feed her. At which point she falls asleep again and the cycle continues. Do lots of sorting and classifying. Find a bunch of old buttons and "sort them" together. Let your child describe why each button goes in the pile he has chosen. Are you sorting by color, shape, or something else? You might like my article, "the magic of toddler water play" if he likes splashing in the toilet, you might get a few "replacement" ideas with which to entice your little gentleman. pinchxeverything.blogspot.com Thankfully, I know this too will pass. Approach Number Two: Teach Baby how to sleep with The Baby Sleep Training Solution (Or Perhaps, the NO-Cry Solution or other similar ones - though I have no experience with these what-so-ever) Cry it out methods are NOT good for kids under six months. If you use ASL instead of baby sign and keep it up even after your child is speaking fully, there are a few further advantages that are lasting. For starters, your child has the potential of becoming fluent in ASL and being bi-lingual in this way (a huge andvantage no matter how you slice it - read "The Bilingual Edge" for more details about advantages of multiple languages for kids) but you have to be pretty comitted to it to make this work. If you live in an area where there is a deaf community your child may have access to friends in the community it would be hard for him/her to converse with otherwise - admitedly, there is a smaller liklihood this advantage applies, but worth considering if it does.