Did his thought have an impact on the acceptance of the copenhagen interpretation of QM where the observer is required to collapse the 'wave-function' and render an observation macroscopically visible? 

Can the Russelian campaign be seen as an attempt to refound mathematics analytically - that is solely on the laws of logic - by excluding the synthetic excess and retaining an analytic core? 

Now as far as Logicians are concerned this is only a fragment of a logic. There is no mechanism for inference, nor its truth-functionality. That is we cannot say whether the logic is complete or sound - which to Quine was a serious argument for taking FOL as logic. 

Eugenia Cheng, a professional mathematician has said, that when she talks to philosophers, she's convinced that it doesn't exist, that it is problematic; but when she returns to her work, there they are, the concepts she handles, as solid as they can be before her minds eye. 

Are mathematicians trained to develop what looks complicated to others an aesthetic that is simple - and similarly for physicists? 

p not p p and not p neither p nor not p Within the Western Philosophy the importance of the first two is undisputed. The other two have been very strongly disavowed, but recently they've formed their own schools as in dialethism and paraconsistent logic. 

Pierce reformulated this several years later (Peirce, 1905, from "Issues of Pragmaticism" in The Monist v. XV, n. 4, pp. 481-499, see p. 481 via Google Books and via Internet Archive): 

Philosophy isn't a homogeneous discipline: there are philosophers who understood their work as empiricism, others who take it to be something pure and formal; some even argue that philosophy is both -- for instance, Deleuze sometimes describes his position as "transcendental empiricism." 

An encounter with the outside "splits" the subject and compels thought. Problems result from external relations, being open to the aleatory encounter which demands thinking: being equal to the Event. The event for philosophy is certainly not the same as a great historical event, and indeed sometimes they are nearly imperceptible (or indeed incorporeal.) But it is exactly here where a ruthlessly lucid empiricism is needed... 

Also, the ultimate "truth" of a scientific theory is probably the wrong criterion (and may even be besides the point.) That is to say, a theory either is or is not effective at predicting things and solving problems. But the fact that a theory lets you predict something still doesn't tell you that the theory is true -- or indeed anything at all about any underlying "reality," for that matter. 

(Warning, this is a very idiosyncratic answer, and my favorite topic...) 

Widening our notion of science back to its older sense cuts across the disparagement that scientists automatically have that any discipline that cannot proceed with a specific methodology must simply be doing it wrong, or things would work. They would become accustomed to the idea that the places where their ideas really come from are the cultural accumulation of the arts, and there might be detente. 

Everett's "magical quality of intelligence" is "selection of world". 

We value theories that more 'objectivising' in that they involve less subjective interpretation as they are practiced over time. (This is a variant of Popper's falsifiability constraint broadened to meet Lakatos' objection -- each failure to abandon a theory based on a failed prediction requires a subjective reason, and you eventually run out.) 

But we have a forebrain that seems to work really hard to deny that projective testing is what is going on 'under the hood'. Therefore most of us hold a model of mind other than the one most consistent with physiology. So much so the one that fits observations was hard to get to because it is hard to hold. To me, this indicates that this way is good for much of our data, but something more deeply constructed is needed for more abstract stuff like understanding other people.