Winston Churchill's Iron Curtain speech from 1946 contains the following famous passage: 

There were plenty: E.g. the Austro-Prussian War (1866) and the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1871) form such a pair. Obviously Prussia (soon to become center of the German Empire as proclaimed by Wilhelm I in 1871) participated in both. 

The formal German-Japanese relationship in World War II (as part of the Axis) was established in the Tripartite Pact of 1940 (see also Anti-Comintern Pact). 

Altogether, 36,671 officers were executed, imprisoned or dismissed, and out of the 706 officers of the rank of brigade commander and above, only 303 remained untouched [...] 

Surprised by the Allied invasion of Iran in 1941 and woefully unprepared for their tasks, the German spies did not even have a regular courier service to Berlin. In any case, both officers refused to organize sabotage, fearing it would quickly lead to their capture. Instead, they concentrated on establishing a network of dissatisfied Iranians and tribal leaders for a future revolt. Mayr and Schulze had been productive in recruiting Iranians for underground work, but the combined efforts of Soviet and British intelligence thwarted their efforts. 

From late 1940 until 1945 the family lived in a house on a 105-acre estate named "Pook's Hill," in Bethesda. Several sites state that they lived there from October 1940, but do not quote sources. They were certainly living there by 12 November 1940, when the Pittston Gazette, and other newspapers, reported that President Roosevelt had visited for tea after laying the cornerstone of a new naval medical building at Bethesda. 

To bridge the gap, the new government was able to arrange a $4 billion loan from the USA. Despite that loan, the British economy remained in a parlous state, and the situation was not helped by the global post-war recession that preceded the post-war economic expansion of the 1950's. Rationing had been introduced at the beginning of the war. Food rationing would remain in place in the UK until 1954. Derelict bomb sites in London were still being redeveloped into the 21st century! 

In addition to ASDIC, the Royal Navy had ship-mounted radar even before the war broke out in 1939. The type 79 radar was installed on Navy vessels from 1936, and had a surface range of up to 6 nautical miles. 

Winston S. Churchill to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, 29 April 1944. 

Roosevelt to Churchill, 1 June 1944. 

... We all thought General Giraud was the man for the job, and that his arrival would be electrical. In this opinion, General Giraud emphatically agreed.” 

(That property had been purchased by the Norwegian government and would be sold in 1946.) 

That quote was part of a section that read: 

These files are held in Melbourne and contain details including: 

In short, compensation was generally paid from the day that the requisition notice was served until the aircraft was returned, lost or sold. That compensation would be paid at the time when the expenses being compensated for actually incurred. 

The challenges imposed by Britain's perceived global position would have been the same, no matter who was in power. The same is true of the global political situation and Britain's economic position. 

This left the Australian Military Forces with a huge amount of surplus equipment which had to be disposed of. 

Given that attitude, we can't discount the possibility that some captains would have permitted crew members to get fresh air on deck when they believed they were relatively safe. That situation couldn't have lasted for long however. 

Winston Churchill's Iron Curtain speech from 1946 contains the following famous passage: 

Hitler's conviction that the Soviet Union was a 'rotten structure' that would come 'crashing down' was shared by many foreign observers and intelligence services. Stalin's purge of the Red Army, which had begun in 1937, was fueled by an inimitable mixture of paranoia, sadistic megalomania and a vindictiveness for old slights dating back to the Russian civil war and the Russo-Polish war. 

Surprised by the Allied invasion of Iran in 1941 and woefully unprepared for their tasks, the German spies did not even have a regular courier service to Berlin. In any case, both officers refused to organize sabotage, fearing it would quickly lead to their capture. Instead, they concentrated on establishing a network of dissatisfied Iranians and tribal leaders for a future revolt. Mayr and Schulze had been productive in recruiting Iranians for underground work, but the combined efforts of Soviet and British intelligence thwarted their efforts. 

Fight your way in along the railways. Set up army bases and airbases along the railways. Even if the railways are one lane only, I believe this is feasible. I'm pretty sure the Russian Civil War, at least, saw some heavy fighting on single-lane tracks with armored train cars. Another matter is sabatoge (blowing up tracks or trains). From what I've read, however, track can be repaired in less than a day when you're prepared for it (bring repair equipment on your train), and clearing a wreck takes maybe a day too. I believe Russian practice in WW2 was to put a dummy car at the front of a train to take the brunt of any mines anyway. 

Russia was the bigger threat---much, much bigger---and conquering it would give Germany a lot more than Chrome. In fact, we should look at the order of conquest that Hitler did, or tried to do: Poland, Denmark and Norway, France and Benelux, Britain, Southeast Europe, Russia, The End. Most of those were real threats. Turkey was not a threat. 

Turkey was a neutral supplier of Chrome and historically had good relations with Germany (like in WW1). Keep in mind that Spain, Portugal, and Sweden were also neutral suppliers of critical materials. If Germany invaded Turkey, those others would get pretty nervous and may have more incentive to join the Allies. 

Edit: Another way of going about this is, how much of the Wermacht was occupying West Poland and Czechoslovakia at this time? 

Turkey's area is about 783 thousand square kilometers (303 thousand square miles). This would actually be the 2nd largest country in Europe, if you considered all of Turkey to be part of Europe. (The largest, of course, is Russia---even if you only consider EuroRussia.)