In Catholic belief, salvation is achieved not in an instant, nor by predestination before birth, but over a lifetime. Ultimately justification, which is "not only the remission of sins, but also the sanctification and renewal of the interior man"1, is a gift of the Holy Spirit: No penalty or censure is attached by the Church to conferring or receiving a second baptism (inadvertently or otherwise); however, the importance the Church places on baptizing only once can be seen in their instructions (in the Code of Canon Law) to priests on baptizing those who might possibly have been baptized before (including in another Christian community whose baptism is recognized as valid): As hinted above, the Church recognizes that there may be times when a couple wishes to ensure that sex will not result in having a child. In such cases, there are morally acceptable approaches (including what are often called fertility awareness methods) which allow one, without interfering with the body's normal functioning, to discover the times when the woman is most and least likely to conceive, and to refrain from sexual activity during the "most likely" times. (Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraph 1987, quoting Romans 3:22) 

It's too bad that so many Catholics appear to not know, or perhaps to not care, what the actual teaching of the Church is on this subject. (2 Timothy 2:19, New International Version) As far as finding a Biblical basis for this distinction: The first thing to understand is that given an arbitrary Catholic belief, there may or may not be a Biblical basis for it. In this case, however, we can find at least something to go on. Aquinas also quotes John 19:11: 

Clear as mud? I thought so. Let me know what I can do to clarify it. 

According to this source, which cites the "fifty million" number as well (and which refers to the statement by Buck), between fifty and sixty-eight million people (not necessarily all Protestants) were killed by "Inquisition", 1518 and later. This apparently refers to the Roman Inquisition, although it could refer to the Spanish and perhaps the Portuguese Inquisitions as well. This academic source states that relatively few of those tried by the Inquisitions were in fact executed; Wikipedia estimates that the total number of people executed by the inquisition was probably between three and five thousand. There are much higher estimates, but none higher than 350,000; the median of several reliable estimates is 32,000. 

He is not only mediator, but mediator in the sense that the Jewish high priests were mediators between God and the nation of Israel: 

(New American Bible, Revised Edition) It is, of course, the case that hormonal methods of contraception have other physical effects on the woman's body, and these are taken advantage of when the medications are prescribed to deal with other gynecological conditions. To take a medication for the purpose of curing a disease is never immoral, and Pope Paul VI addressed this possibility in Humanae Vitae: During this time, as an inquirer, our deacon likes to put it this way: "you check out the Church and the Church checks out you." This assessment continues even in the following phases of the preparation for entry into the Church, as either catechumen or candidate (candidates are those already baptized but not yet Catholic) right up until the Rite of Initiation takes place. 

If the sacrament was conferred, the church will NOT issue a decree of nullity. Divorce is a secular proceeding that won't change the Church's position that the two remain husband and wife. 

Does anything about the building actually change (on a spiritual level or otherwise)? Caveat to this answer: Both priests gave you better pastoral guidance than you'll receive on an internet Q&A site. Catholic churches are not a "put God in a box" places. They are places where people (as the Catholic Church sees it, God's people, DE POPULO DEI) come for divine worship of God and to receive the sacraments. The tabernacle in a Catholic church is a special place to store the consecrated host. Pope Francis recently released an encyclical regarding the environment: LAUDATO SI’... ON CARE FOR OUR COMMON HOME. It begins: 

From the Catholic Encyclopedia Caveat: the above isn't the only way to parse Matthew 7's larger point, but I've heard this referred to on multiple occasions among Catholics, both lay and clergy, when emphasizing how important it is to have a relationship with Christ. 

An overly developed passion for legalism is a criticism that Jesus directed toward the Pharisees, Sadducees, and Scribes in the scriptural narratives of his interactions with them. To adopt a similar "letter of the law" approach to the Catechism, which is meant to teach the church -- all of the church, not just the folks newly entering -- would contradict His points made on that score. 

Catechism Reference on the relationship between God and Mankind The four qualities of the glorified body are taught as Impassability, Subtlety, Agility, Clarity. "Trimmed" and "not trimmed" didn't make the cut for that list. 

[978] John Paul II, Address to participants in a convention on “The Environment and Health” (24 March 1997), 5: L'Osservatore Romano, English edition, 9 April 1997, p. 2. 

One was Pope Benedict XV, who reigned during the First World War and served as a voice for peace; the other was a 5th century monk who sought solitude in the country and worked to spread the Gospel around Europe. Though he wasn’t a pope, he set an example that Benedict XVI hoped to follow. 

By choosing the name John XXIII when he became pope in 1958 -- which he said was in honour of his father and other previous popes who started their reign later in life, like him -- the 77-year-old pope effectively relegated the deposed papal claimant to a footnote. 

Is it accurate to say that this passage is saying that Protestants (or at least those who know the historical basis for the Catholic Church) cannot be saved unless they join the Catholic Church? Or is there something that I am missing? "(Pope John Paul I) wanted to show he was not going to deviate from their path and would be faithful to what they had done," Portier said.