What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. 

Just kidding, as a fellow engineer, I have an inkling where you are digging at. Welcome to the fascinating underbelly of mathematics, which is constantly churning and mixing with the philosophy of mathematics. It behaves a bit differently than the upper tiers. Instead of trying to make powerful earth shattering statements about our reality, like proving there are countably infinite primes, they're trying to define the most subtle and intuitive assumptions you can make to get there. Your concept that it is an appeal to intuition is valid, because that's what it is. 

We must try to understand more deeply why Lucas says the computer cannot be programmed to "know" as much as we do. Basically the idea is :hat we are always outside the system, and from out there we can always perform the "Gödelizing" operation, which yields something which the program, from within, can't see is true. But why can't the "Gödelizing operator", as Lucas calls it, be programmed and added to the program as a third major component [of a computerized reasoning system], Lucas explains: 

Is being able to write such absurdly large numbers in such a way cheating — does it hide the fact that we cannot fully grok the significance of these numbers, somehow? Well yes, it does perhaps hide the fact that we don't really understand these numbers except to recite their names, to point out trite things such as that they are multiples of 2 and 5, and are prefect squares, etc. But this isn't cheating; we also understand numbers such as 300 less perfectly than we do the number 3, and use the same extension of our cognitive powers to try and come to grips with 300 by imagining three groups of ten groups of ten. Nearly all mathematics, even arithmetic, is indirect in this respect, and while some people may be able to grasp more numbers somewhat directly, we ultimately rely on highly compressed descriptions of numbers to reason about quantity. As such, we are limited in our contemplation of numbers to those which we can easily describe somehow; and we can only reason about those numbers as well as our representations allow. Multiplication was hard in ancient times for those relying on Roman numerals; and similarly our representation of a googolplex gives us little intuition as to e.g. what the next largest prime after a googolplex is. What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. 

This is mathematics! We can define anything we bloody well want! A FribbleMoose may be a neat definition to work with. However, it is him electing to call it a "straight line" that suggests that this mathematical definition may have real life implications. This implication is not material to the definition. If it turned out that all of society agreed that Euclid's wording was a poor one, it would at least still have at least as much meaning as a FribbleMoose had, although people may complain about his deceitful naming scheme. 

What you ask for is a bit tricky because you are using an informal concept to describe variables, rather than the very exacting formal definition of what 'x' really means. In general, informal concepts tend to run into trouble when you try to take the opposite of them, because they weren't sufficiently rigorously defined to survive such a treatment.