Arguably it might be better to have a leader outside Parliament, as they can concentrate on leading the party in a wider sense, without being constantly distracted by the day-to-day compromises of Parliamentary life, or by the heavy workload of a constituency MP, or by having to physically travel between their constituency and Westminster. Such a leader could work on keeping the party membership happy and on connecting to the general public. 

The Human Rights Act / Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights are thus the closest the UK has to an equivalent to the First Amendment of the US Constitution. 

When it came to the referendum neither of these suppressing factors mattered. Every vote counted equally. The single issue that was UKIP's raison d'être was the only question on the ballot. 

Media Law by Robertson and Nicol (5th edition 2008) is a good reference source. 

But what if the group "leaving" and the group "staying" are roughly the same size? Both might have plausible claims to be the "true" Labour party. Both might reasonably claim to be the ones who are staying and claim that it's the other guys who are leaving them. You could also get intractable problems if the split among MPs is very different to the split among the party members. Bringing further variables into the situation, such as what happens regarding paid party officials and trade unions who provide funding for the party, makes it even more complicated. 

It is not mandatory for a party leader who loses his seat to stand down. At time of writing (May 13th 2015) Jim Murphy does not plan to stand down as Scottish Labour leader despite losing his seat. Nigel Farage failed to gain the seat he stood for, but seems set to continue as UKIP leader. 

However, the two are ultimately incommensurate. There is no legal value to a motto; regardless what the motto says it does not really tell you anything authoritative about how the government functions. What it does do is provide a symbol which tells you something about the culture that produced it. I'm no expert in English political culture, but this looks like a fairly normal case of preserving an antiquated symbol to keep a tie to the past. 

Firms are interested in earning profit. Efficiency gains lower costs and result in more profit. So for a firm it makes sense to replace staff with technology. They lower costs and earn more profits. 

Governments don't work this way. A government agency has a set amount of money it can spend [ Young, 2006]. Efficient agencies don't have larger budgets than inefficient agencies - they are just able to do more with their resources. So when an agency becomes more efficient (such as by introducing new technologies) it will usually those resources. For staff, this generally means keeping roughly the same number of positions, even though positions may be moved between functions. Realistically, even if an agency did cut staff due to technological improvements, it would likely use that money to hire other staff for other programs. 

Finally, an agency in most cases must spend it's entire budget in a year [ also Young, 2006]. If an agency were to cut positions and save money, it would have a lower budget next year. This is also different from private firms: there is a disincentive to cut overall costs. 

When it came to the referendum neither of these suppressing factors mattered. Every vote counted equally. The single issue that was UKIP's raison d'être was the only question on the ballot. 

I would like to pick up on the final words of your question referring to the apparent paradox between UKIP being a "fairly small and disliked party", and the fact that its signature policy, "Brexit", won the referendum. 

But what if the group "leaving" and the group "staying" are roughly the same size? Both might have plausible claims to be the "true" Labour party. Both might reasonably claim to be the ones who are staying and claim that it's the other guys who are leaving them. You could also get intractable problems if the split among MPs is very different to the split among the party members. Bringing further variables into the situation, such as what happens regarding paid party officials and trade unions who provide funding for the party, makes it even more complicated. 

Please note that I am NOT a lawyer. What follows is merely info I picked up from a long term interest in freedom of speech issues, sharpened by once thinking I was going to be involved in a legal case. 

It is not mandatory for a party leader who loses his seat to stand down. At time of writing (May 13th 2015) Jim Murphy does not plan to stand down as Scottish Labour leader despite losing his seat. Nigel Farage failed to gain the seat he stood for, but seems set to continue as UKIP leader. 

One can certainly defend a prescriptivist view of what constitutes proper democracy. The trouble is, everyone's prescription is different. Here is an incomplete list of types of countries claimed to fall short of being truly democratic on various grounds: