One final note: the term phonotactics is not directly relevant for the discussion of the phonetic realization of prosodic boundaries. Phonotactics is the branch of phonology that deals with what combinations of phonemes are permitted in a language. Sometimes the phonotactics of a language can interact with its prosody such that, say, certain consonant clusters are only able to appear across syllable boundaries. UPDATE: I've realized, after looking at the above examples, that syllable structure might play a role. The reason is that I have a very strong intuition that the raising is obligatory in monosyllabic words that end in a voiceless coda. Give me a nonce word with one syllable and a voiceless coda, and the vowel can never be realized as the non-raised /aɪ/. Further, if you look at the apparent exceptions in the "no raising" group above, such as Pythagoras and bifocals, what they appear to have in common is that the syllable following the diphthong-containing syllable always appears to be stressed (either primarily or secondarily). In words like python and bicycle (and of course writer) I have the intuition that the following syllable is unstressed and therefore the voiceless consonant is ambisyllabic (i.e. behaving both as a coda and an onset). This doesn't explain the exceptions that go in the other direction (i.e. raising occurring before voiced consonants), but at least it allows us to formulate the raising rule (or constraint) in a way that makes it exceptionless! This would also explain why I would raise the diphthong in polysyllabic nonce printed words like griter but not in those like gritatious. North Kyeongsang Korean: If the final word was monosyllabic, the falling contour observed in the declarative case was completely "overwritten" by a rising contour. If the final word was disyllabic (where the peak was on the first syllable and the fall carried through to the end of the second syllable in the declarative case) the fall was preserved but it started higher in the speaker's range on the first syllable (much like in Mandarin). In some instances there was a slight rise toward the end of the syllable (like in Cantonese, but nowhere near the magnitude observed in Cantonese or in the monosyllabic case). The position defended in Sapir's (1925, 1933) classic papers, that the phoneme is not just a unit of analysis, but has some psychological status, has always had its critics. There are two major facets of this claim that were challenged: that mental processes of language users involved a segment-sized atomic unit, and that this segment-sized unit was a primitive, called the phoneme. Goldsmith (1976: 17--8) "The standard linguistic assumption regarding the nature of phonological representations...implies that the process of language acquisition and of perception includes the development of the ability to take a representation and slice it vertically into columns...Let us call this assumption the "Absolute Slicing Hypothesis" ... The assumption of the Absolute Slicing Hypothesis fails...and this failure is in no sense a trivial one." I think that your initial intuition is correct: by "surfacy" you mean strongly motivated by non-mentalistic physical factors (articulatory, aerodynamic, acoustic). While most phonological rules have some kind of physical basis, some rules have a stronger basis than others. A similar criticism, this time by a British phonetician, is found in Butlin (1937), who maintains (reflecting the then popular instrumentalist philosophy of science) that the phoneme is a "convenient fiction." Abercrombie (1991: 27ff.) [whose ideas were developed much earlier than the citation date suggests] cites Butlin's paper, disputing the status of segment-sized atomic units in language. A very nice historical introduction to phonology prior to the 1970's is Fischer-Jørgensen (1975). ==== I'm going to add the index entry for for "Phoneme" in Fischer-Jorgensen (1975) "Trends in phonological theory", since I didn't have that book with me yesterday: Ladefoged (ms.) "Perhaps the most startling conspiracy — one that seems to have deceived by far the majority of linguists — is the appearance of phonemes. Accounts of human behavior in terms of phonemes are nearly always examples of what has been called the psychologist's fallacy — the notion that because an act can be described in a given way that it is necessarily structured in that way. As will be shown later, phoneme size units play only a minor role in human behavioral acts such as normal speaking and listening. They are, nevertheless, great imaginary objects for use in describing linguistic aspects of speech." Sapir's position is challenged by Twaddell (1935: sec.2), who is suspicious of the whole enterprise of inferring mental entities. A fine quotation from that work is given here: