you want to use the sandpaper or scraper to scrape the rubber to expose some 'fresh' rubber 

You can even make your patches from leather (still using Pliobond) or canvas (ditto). I've bonded leather and rubber to steel/aluminum using Pliobond. 

Otherwise, you could yourself sew it back together with Kevlar thread and a large sewing needle or awl, with perhaps some ballistic nylon as backing. Since the tear is at a corner, you may have to dismantle the pack a bit. If this paragraph makes no sense, don't attempt it. 

Many backpackers, for example, use "Shoe Goo" to not only repair their shoes (you can craft new soles with it) but also patch rather large holes in their backpacks. Sugru is also useful for this type of repair. 

1a) Maybe the discs were just scoured? It is possible that the discs were just scoured - especially as we don't have photos. Damaged or badly worn pads could have scoured the rotors - as well as a general lack of cleaning and maintenance. That would explain the black streaks you saw. You should have also been able to feel the scouring with your fingernail. In fact, given that your bike is a hybrid and not likely to have done aggressive downhilling, scouring is a more likely explanation of what happened even though the words "burned" and "blue" that you used are indicative of blue-ing. 

KMC has two versions of their Missing Link, one that is 7.3mm and one that is 7.1mm. Both are advertised for 6/7/8 speed. the naptha in the 'glue' is a carrier fluid that is designed to evaporate quickly You can make patches out of old tubes - at its most basic you're vulcanizing two pieces of rubber together, so two pieces of bike tube will stick to each other. TL;DR - Vulcanization. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulcanization 

If your rotors were scoured, they'd still need replacing if the noise bothered you since resurfacing bicycle disc rotors isn't worth the money. Even if you decided to put up with the noise, you'd have to replace them when the pads ended their already shortened life as you shouldn't put new pads on a scoured rotor as the new pads will pick up the scouring, shortening their life and scouring the next rotor when/if you ever replace it. 

So the tl;dr here is that blued rotors might not have needed replacement if you weren't going to ride them aggressively and they might have been able to have been straightened back into shape. But the bluing weakens them for sure (even if just a bit), and the shop may have felt for liability reasons that it was best to recommend replacement. After all, if the rotors did the extremely unlikely thing by shattering right as you headed towards a lorry truck, you (or your lovely widow/er) would have sued them out of existence. Better to be safe (and make a sale) than be sorry. 

I purchased 2-component glue and nailed the thing in place. (6) Finish your beer and get another. 

The rim and spokes are new (couple of months of commuting). I suppose I wouldn't be running in the "old spokes new hub" problem. Bottom line: don't use plastic screws: they are evil. If you must, use a short-arm wrench e.g. 10 centimetres. Having removed the crank arms, I proceed to unscrew the plastic sealing rings of the BB. I removed the non drive side one. However, with all my strength, and a 30cm arm wrench I fail to produce any progress on the drive side cup. I am trying to turn the cup clockwise. There is still squeaking, and I guess it is not coming from the left pedal. What could be wrong now? (1) Turn the bike upside down. So in the shop they asked me "what chain do you need" and I said 7. They said "you could try this 6-speed, it is half the price of a 7, and we put it on 7-speeds all the time". I said "ok", only to determine later that my bike is 8-speed. (Excuse: I never use the several highest cogs). (3)Tighten your brakes excessively. That is, unscrew this so that the wheel barely turns and rubs most of the time: 

(4) Turn the tire and find the place where it rubs the most. Identify which side it rubs and correct it as others have noted. Consequently, when I was screwing the bolt in, there was no increase in the feedback torque - it was moderately difficult to screw the bolt in, up until the head broke off. Somewhere from the non-drive side of the drivetrain is coming loud squeak when I pedal hard. 

What should be inserted, so that the cups can be correctly installed? (I was planning on using the hummer and piece of wood technique) 

My rear hub is damaged. I have not yet inspected the source of the damage, but the wheel is moving sideways when rotating (a LOT), plus I rode it like this for about 35km. Therefore, I find it probable to soon need to replace the hub. (0) This answer concerns only the in-frame method, that is, when you have V-brakes. Why would you true a wheel on which the rim is not rubbing against any pads? You can often do well by removing all the old sticky grease and re-oiling. Get off as much as you can with solvents and wiping, then flood with oil. I wouldn't use chain oil but the runniest general purpose oil you've got (even gt85/wd40). Clean off the excess and it should be a bit better. After using them for a bit, once again clean off everything you can and oil (I wouldn't use wd40 at this step, but a spray may be helpful, as might an oil with PTFE). I used 3in1 (once upon a time it was used as chain oil, but things have moved on since then); a light grease might also work its way in far enough. Here's a picture of a pinhead key fom about 2010. Yours will look at bit different. The key number is under the red blob, and the pins to mate with the nut are in the silver bit on the right. As you can see, mine is old and battered, so the original keyring attachment failed and I drilled a hole in it. 

That's a pinhead security fastener. You should have got a key to match with the bike. Without the matching key number you can't get a replacement key either.