In the modern context, we can observe that Norwegian and Swedish are mutually intelligible, but Danish is not. Lacking the technology to do the experiment with historical speakers, the only way to figure this out is to see what writers of the time thought. A lot of the records are oral, and written down later, so there is a fair amount of plus-and-minus to such date calculations. It is said that in the Heimskringla, ca. 1230, there is evidence of significant dialect divergence: stirt var honum norrœnt mál, ok kylfdi mᴊǫk til orðanna, ok hǫfðu margir menn þat mᴊǫk at spotti ("the Norse language was hard for him, and he often fumbled for words, which amused people greatly"). The Wiki opines that "From the late 13th century, Old Icelandic and Old Norwegian started to diverge more"; it also reports the Grágás (apparently written down around 1260) as saying that "Swedes, Norwegians, Icelanders and Danes spoke the same language". Finally, "In the body of text that has come down to us from until c. 1300, Old West Norse had little dialect variation, and Old Icelandic does not diverge much more than the Old Norwegian dialects do from each other". 

Another sense lake n.3 is "A small stream of running water", is attested as OE lacu, citing the attestation from 955 Charter of Edred in Earle Charters 382 Ðæt to Mægðe forda andlang lace ut on Temese. This they say is not from Latin lacus because of the meaning, and they derive the word from the "leak" root *leg. A half-vote also goes to Etymologyonline, which lists both roots, says that the modern word is borrowed, and gives both Old English lacu "stream, pool, pond" and lagu "sea flood, water, extent of the sea" (lagu being the OE form cited in Pokorny). The word is without doubt Indo-European, the question is whether it is strictly Germanic or did it come via Latin. Pokorny says *laku is the source of Gr. λάκκος, lat. lacus, OIr. loch, and lagu etc. in Germanic: see the Texas collection for more attestations, which includes English "lake". For *leg, the "leak" root, Pokorny gives Armenian, Celtic and Germanic only; the Texas elaboration relates that root to "lack; leak", and nothing like "lake". (leĝ would be a different root meaning "collect"). Texas lists lagu-lad, lago for OE and not lacu. I would be inclined to believe Texas and Pokorny (and AHD) over Wiki (also bearing in mind that the Texas list for Modern English gives all related words, no matter how they got there). But there's more.