Another standard is the Human Development Index. You can run your own charts on their data here. You will find a high degree of correlation between HDI: Education Index and **HDI: Human Development Index (HDI) value. Here is a plot of HDI: Education Index versus HDI value. You will note the positive slope of the line, and the fact that the majority of points track fairly close to a line through the center of the points. (iii) Section 2712 (relating to rescissions). So, maybe you just meant, "Whatever the Republican Party believed at the time." If so, there have been several periods of time of sustained "conservatism." (1) Despite widespread popular belief, U.S. military installations abroad and U.S. diplomatic or consular facilities abroad are not part of the United States within the meaning of the 14th Amendment. A child born on the premises of such a facility is not born in the United States and does not acquire U.S. citizenship by reason of birth. -What constitutes an assault weapon? Section 1311, 1343: to exclude them from risk assessment Quoting from Wikipedia, Shia have a different take on this: Dominica's Economic Citizenship Plan generally seemed to attract bad actors (big ones), with no attempts to filter them out. Section 1236.22 of the 2009 National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) requirements states that: “Agencies that allow employees to send and receive official electronic mail messages using a system not operated by the agency must ensure that Federal records sent or received on such systems are preserved in the appropriate agency record keeping system.” For example, your question mentions passport recalls. Most likely, this refers to St Kitts' program, and the passports were recalled (just to be clear, not citizenships - passports) because the result of not vetting the applicants was Canada stopping visa-less travel to passport holders because they didn't vet people well enough. “Iraq does pose a serious threat to the stability of the Persian Gulf and we should organize an international coalition to eliminate his access to weapons of mass destruction. Iraq’s search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to completely deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power.” — Al Gore, 2002 A large fraction in Republican Party in US is what's known as "small government" faction. Their guiding ideological principle is to reduce the size and/or power of Federal government (and they obviously existed since well before United States was formed in the first place, if you look at the reason Federalist Papers were written). This is another one where purely practical considerations matter. Which of the years did the US Senate held a filibuster-proof majority for one party - e.g. 60 seats? (or 3/5th of total - e.g. the number was lower when # of Senators was lower) ABC News sought clarification about specifically which provisions he was referring to in the Affordable Care Act (ACA), but got no response. Without knowing what you mean by conservatives, it is difficult to determine how long conservatism was sustained. We deeply regret any loss of life. The course of the Iranian civilian airliner was such that it was headed directly for the U.S.S. Vincennes, which was at the time engaged with five Iranian Boghammar boats that had attacked our forces. When the aircraft failed to heed repeated warnings, the Vincennes followed standing orders and widely publicized procedures, firing to protect itself against possible attack. To be clear, the "deficit" discussed here is the annual deficit, not the total federal debt. (1) Despite widespread popular belief, U.S. military installations abroad and U.S. diplomatic or consular facilities abroad are not part of the United States within the meaning of the 14th Amendment. A child born on the premises of such a facility is not born in the United States and does not acquire U.S. citizenship by reason of birth. Section 2002.: to allow individuals to remain eligible if they would be considered in eligible by using modified gross income calculation. They also note that renunciation of citizenship won't in itself shield you from taxes, military service, or other financial obligations: Section 3201.: allow rebates under Medicare Advantage Having funds available isn't the problem, they cannot spend money that hasn't been authorized by Congress under the Antideficiency Act If you consider the "wealthy" to be everyone who earns more than one million per year in income or capital gains (which was a cutoff for many proposals over the last two years), can taxing their income at any level fund the current federal government spending? If yes, what would the effective tax rate have to be? If no, what is the most you can fund at 100% effective rate? (assume 2012 revenues and spending). More importantly, while virtually no libertarian I'm aware of supports prohibition of gay marriage (e.g., if they can't get their preferred outcome, they prefer DNC's approach over GOP's), many of them simply view it as an issue to small in importance compared to other ones when choosing between DNC or GOP. If you are willing to live completely without #1 AND half of #2, you found an almost perfect fit. Objectivists and Objectivist bent libertarians. [1] - Ironically, many true liberals in classical liberalism sense are currently trying to re-brand things back, by reclaiming "liberal" label for their left-libertarian positions (one of the most notable examples is Dave Rubin), while branding former-progressives-now-called-"liberals" as "progressive" again, on the basis that current US progressive movement is claimed by many to be against many individual rights and the basis of classical liberalism “What is at stake is how to answer the potential threat Iraq represents with the risk of proliferation of WMD. Baghdad’s regime did use such weapons in the past. Today, a number of evidences may lead to think that, over the past four years, in the absence of international inspectors, this country has continued armament programs.” — Jacques Chirac, October 16, 2002