So, the best we can do is to take Obama at his word, that some provision of the ACA in the final law prevents you from keeping the plan you have. The ACA only mentions "grandfathered" health plan in 32 places, none of which determine the grandfathered status of a health plan: 

How much has the median US households income increased/decreased in real dollars since 2000? 

No, the Judicial Branch has no power over Presidential Pardons, which are vested solely within that office. 

The Federal Assault Weapon Ban Wikipedia page notes that it banned cosmetic features that make a gun look like a fully automatic rifle, that it only banned 10 such weapons, and those weapons manufactures quickly found ways around the law. 

No one but President Obama knows, but nothing in the ACA or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act that followed caused a health plan to lose its grandfathered status. 

For starters, the Republican Party was formed from the defunct Whig party (possibly the original conservatives), to oppose the Southern Democrats who wished to continue the social institution of slavery. I guess this begs the question, who were the conservatives? 

Section 5000A.: to include them as essential coverage under the individual mandate 

We did have the executive authority to do so, and we did so. But this doesn't go to the core of implementation. 

Pietists and "progressives" united to control the material and sexual choices of the rest of the American people, their drinking habits, and their recreational preferences. Their values, the very nurture and education of their children, were to be determined by their betters. The spiritual, biological, political, intellectual, and moral elite would govern, through state power, the character and quality of American family life 

No, the Fourteenth Amendment does not bestow citizenship by birth in the USA, because an embassy is not part of the USA. 

The table on page 11 notes the progressive nature of federal income taxes. With the bottom-top quintiles paying an Effective Federal Tax Rate (EFTR) of 1%, 6.8%, 11.1%, 15.1%, and 23.2% respectively. The Top 1% pay and EFTR of 28.9%. 

(Note: I am aware that not every tweet is subject to copyright. Statements of fact, short phrases, procedures. It is difficult to believe that of the billions of tweets that none are protected. Size (140 characters) may lead you to think that tweets could not be covered, but what if you wrote a book in 140 byte increments? Additionally the Terms of Service from Twitter may have changed (version 1 did not include the license/sublicense language), so it is possible that their license (and sub licenses) to your work may not have been in place for some of the first tweets. 

As part of the American Civil Liberties Union’s recent report on police militarization, they sent open records requests to SWAT teams across Massachusetts. They got an interesting response, 

Now what's true, Ed, is that in a normal political environment, it would have been easier for me to simply call up the speaker and say, you know what? This is a tweak that doesn't go to the essence of the law. It has to do with, for example, are we able to simplify the attestation of employers as to whether they're already providing health insurance or not. It looks like there may be some better ways to do this. Let's make a technical change of the law.