Donal O'Sullivan's Dealing with the Devil: Anglo-Soviet Intelligence Cooperation During the Second World War (2010) looks at the intelligence situation in Iran: The formal German-Japanese relationship in World War II (as part of the Axis) was established in the Tripartite Pact of 1940 (see also Anti-Comintern Pact). Altogether, 36,671 officers were executed, imprisoned or dismissed, and out of the 706 officers of the rank of brigade commander and above, only 303 remained untouched [...] Why did Churchill include Vienna (capital of Austria) in that list? Was it perhaps because the exact fate of Austria (which became fully independent only in 1955) was yet unknown also to him? In 1946 the country was divided into four zones of Allied occupation with the Soviet zone surrounding Vienna but comprising only about a quarter of the city (similar to Berlin). Or was it perhaps because Churchill considered a future neutral state (and that was Austria's designation from 1955) along the Iron Curtain to be de-facto in the Soviet sphere? Hitler's conviction that the Soviet Union was a 'rotten structure' that would come 'crashing down' was shared by many foreign observers and intelligence services. Stalin's purge of the Red Army, which had begun in 1937, was fueled by an inimitable mixture of paranoia, sadistic megalomania and a vindictiveness for old slights dating back to the Russian civil war and the Russo-Polish war. Now, that doesn't necessarily mean you'd see the money right away, or even at all. Some situations, like being stuck in Bastogne or serving in the Battle of Stalingrad, might limit your ability to receive your earnings for a while, and there are obviously going to be occasional glitches in the system where the payment office thinks you died or something. Plus, civilians fighting to defend their city when it is under siege obviously wouldn't be paid, and I doubt the Germans fighting to defend Berlin saw any money after the collapse of the Third Reich. But even they, in theory, were supposed to be paid. All soldiers in all armies were paid during the World Wars, with the sole exception being when prisoners were forced to fight by the people holding them. Conscripts were still supposed to be paid, as far as I've heard. In fact, I've read some stories about soldiers in certain areas being quite happy with how they were paid: the interviews accompanying the miniseries Band of Brothers, for example, mention that paratroopers were paid double (if I recall) the normal $50 salary of standard infantry soldiers, which motivated a lot of people to sign up for the more dangerous job. Altogether, 36,671 officers were executed, imprisoned or dismissed, and out of the 706 officers of the rank of brigade commander and above, only 303 remained untouched [...] As for the key sentence ("Hitler had observed ...") Beevor does not point to further sources, so you would have to believe his word as an expert that he certainly is. The formal German-Japanese relationship in World War II (as part of the Axis) was established in the Tripartite Pact of 1940 (see also Anti-Comintern Pact). Hitler's conviction that the Soviet Union was a 'rotten structure' that would come 'crashing down' was shared by many foreign observers and intelligence services. Stalin's purge of the Red Army, which had begun in 1937, was fueled by an inimitable mixture of paranoia, sadistic megalomania and a vindictiveness for old slights dating back to the Russian civil war and the Russo-Polish war. German radio propaganda was broadcasted e.g. from Athens. I don't know how far it reached and whether it may have called for sabotage next to the obvious anti-Semitic agitation.