This paragraph is somewhat challenging to parse; it's clear he wants to say that a time-determination is that which connects the gap between sensible intuitions and pure concepts, but it's still not obvious how that works. Wikipedia has a small section on it, although from some quick searching it's not clear Kant ever actually answered this in a completely satisfactory manner. It seems others have suggested before that this is a problem Kant never fully solved. 

How do pure concepts interact with sensible intutions? To start from the beginning: The pure concepts of understanding are a priori, and thus not abstractions from our perceptions. They are not derived from empirical concepts but rather they are intrinsic to the way our minds are formed. For anything to be thought in our minds, a pure concept must have at some point formed it into something coherent for us. I will state that again to be clear: Only when an a posteriori sensible intuition is translated via the pure concepts of understanding can an object or thought exist in our minds. Anything you think has to have gone through the categories. 

You cover a lot of ground in your question, and at points it's hard to really figure out what your question is. It seems your major question is: 

Update: I wanted to add to my answer to also provide another refutation to the main concern that you seem to be having regarding existence as a predicate. You write: 

If physicalism is true and determinism (at least on a Newtonian level) is true, then yes, a machine theoretically could be designed in a way you describe and thus considered a "person". Phsyicalism as you may know is the idea that (stated most simply) "everything is physical". Determinism is the idea that everything has a cause; nothing is uncaused. In other words, given the way things are at time t, the way things progress thereafter is fixed as a matter of natural law. Under these views the human mind and all human behavior is just the result of a causal chain of prior physical occurrences in the brain. This, in fact, brings us to the realization that the brain itself is a machine; sure it's not made of metal and wiring but the same kind of complex feedback loops and processing occurs.