Long-winded explanation The distinct feeling of freedom of action is not foreign to us, and even if we would call ourselves determinists we all still act under the assumption that we actually can control our own decisions and actions. We still talk and move around assuming our bodies operates under our own volition – if we did not we may as well simply collapse under the futility of it all. It is readily apparent that despite our understanding of determinism, our perceived control over our own actions completely permeates every moment of our lives — and thus the temptation to embrace free will. But closer inspection brings forth the actual degree of control we actually have, which is in my view broken into two distinct types of control: universal control and human control. Universal control is the notion that we are able, through whatever mechanisms, to break ourselves free of physical causation; this is impossible. In other words, it’s just an affirmation of standard causal determinism: that “every event, including human cognition and behavior, decision and action, is causally determined by an unbroken chain of prior occurrences” (Van Inwagen, 1983). This type of control we do not have. However, we do have human control; that is, we have the ability to predict (or rather, inability to perfectly predict) the outcome of events which provides us with the illusion that there is a “possibility” between choices. Note that it is not the freedom to “decide” whether or not we predict or not; it is simply the distinct feeling of comfort and peace that comes from a sense of control, i.e., from one’s sense that he or she understands the future well enough such that his or her desires are favorably in-line with the likely future. Stated differently, we do not have control in the sense that we are agents free from causation, but we do have control in the sense that, given our inability to calculate the precise outcome of all the causal factors leading to a particular event, we are able to—with a fair degree of accuracy, especially for common events—predict at least a set of outcomes that will likely occur. While only one outcome is truly inevitable for any event, our limited intellects can often only narrow down the factors to several “possible” outcomes. The control we feel is the degree to which our predicted outcome is expected to match the inevitable outcome. Dennett (1984), illustrates this best with his remote-control airplane example: 

"Some unicorns are red" means the same thing for both the classical and Boolean cases. It implies there is a red unicorn. The two agree here, because 'Some' is an extension of 'or' and not 'and'. Something is true of some things if it is true of one or another of them. 

It is tempting to point out the experience of using language to capture logic. We can try to identify reason with verbally-processed motivation. But we see at the same time how verbal processing can be used to whip someone up into a frenzy or impart dread. So this is not a useful contrast, either, just a trend. 

But instead of a nice symbol polymorphism we have a duality relation: (A => B) = (a in A <= a in B). 

But the new mathematical logic was precise and efficient enough to diagnose that its own paradoxes really are unavoidable (it is not that they are absent from Aristotle, just harder to see.) In light of these problems, one response is Intuitionism, which wants to see mathematics as something more psychological than we currently do. 

So this system accepts the new meaning of 'if' and still backs up the feeling that your first statement is not true, and your second statement is not certain, but changing the meaning of 'not' in such a way that these statements are not true, but they are also not false. 

This convention has to do with Boole's insight that representing True as 1 and False as zero, you can see and as a form of multiplication and or as a form of addition (in binary discarding the carry). 

Logical pragmatics, tacit and context dependent aspects of arguments, is a big part of modern argumentation theory. The language of "inside and outside the argument" was used on the Less Wrong blog recently. The more traditional term is "begging the question against the opponent", a move where one of the parties argues from, or presupposes, a premise she knows (or should know) the opponent would reject (or rejects a premise he accepts). In your example Bob begs the question against Jim, he is "outside" the argument. 

The dominance of first order logic is based on technical results of Skolem and Gödel, rather than on philosophical arguments. Skolem proved that first order logic has nice model theory, Gödel proved that it is recursively axiomatizable and hence has a nice proof theory (unlike higher order logics), and compact (unlike infinitary logics). At the same time, first order Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory (made first order by Skolem, who modified Zermelo's comprehension axiom accordingly) proved to be more than sufficient not only for all of classical mathematics, but even for higher set theory and model theory. On the other hand, higher order set theories, like Russell's, proved to be unwieldy. In the end, Russell had to introduce the infamous "axiom of reducibility" which effectively reduces the logic of his set theory to first order. 

EDIT 2: Found this paper that analyzes Galileo's argument in detail, and reaches the same conclusion. 

The circularity that is alleged against any attempt to justify deduction, viz. to justify a whole system of deductive inference, is not of the usual kind. The validity of a particular form of inference is not a premiss for the semantic proof of its soundness; at worst, that form of inference is employed in the course of the proof. Now, clearly, a circularity of this form would be fatal if our task were to convince someone, who hesitates to accept inferences of this form, that it is in order to do so. But to conceive the problem of justification in this way is to misrepresent the position that we are in. Our problem is not to persuade anyone, not even ourselves, to employ deductive arguments: it is to find a satisfactory explanation of the role of such arguments in our use of language.