So, does anybody know – or have ideas for how to find out – the range of torque values one would want to have covered? Also, how precise does the tool need to be? Wiha has some screwdriver & t-handle tools that are spec'd at ±6%. Is that close enough? 

Checked pad thickness (wear limit), the pads are tapered, the thickness is about 3.6 mm at the outside of the rotor and about 4.0 mm at the inside. You could try replacing your current pads with a set that come with double conical washers. It sounds, and looks, like this set of pads doesn't have them, but there appears to be enough space for you to install them. 

Aligned caliper to the rotor by loosening the caliper mounting bolts, then tightening the adjusters to clamp the rotor between the pads, and finally retorting the mounting bolts. 

Any ideas about what I should do next? Should the pads be tapered / sit in a 'V'? So, the quick answer is to take inventory of what is wrong with the bike, and start by fixing the things that seem possible. I'd be inclined to start with the absolute basics: 

I'd probably go to the library to get a good book on bicycle maintenance, maybe one of Zinn's books, but you could Google, or ask here – whatever feels like the right way to get the information you need. If you're in a city of any size check to see if there is a bicycle co-op where you can take the bike to hang out and work on it. You're real likely to have fun, get some good advice, and learn your way around the world of bicycle tools. The pictures I've found of the FD-TY18 look like the pin across the rear of the cage is riveted in place. So, you probably can't remove it without a bit of work – through if the derailleur is damaged beyond repair it probably won't be too hard to either pry it apart (try holding with a screwdriver and twisting one side with pliers) or to cut it (and do double check that there isn't a screw there). But before you do all of that, check your chain carefully. Many chains these days are connected with a master link which makes it easy to split the chain without special tools. The washers come in pairs, one concave and one convex, with enough "slop" to allow them to sit at an angle as the pad mounting screw passes through. Each pad would have two pair of the washers, one pair on either side of the brake arm.