There are exceptions from this rule (from Section 2 of the Fixed Term Parliaments Act 2011): It's legally impossible to postpone the election without changing current laws. However, Parliament has been dissolved and thus laws cannot enacted or changed. The Liberal Democrats has publicly stated that they pledge to keep the UK in the EU. John Howard lost his seat, Bennelong, in the 2007 Australian federal election while Stanley Bruce lost his seat, Flinders, in the 1929 Australian federal election. Do they collaborate with other news networks when projecting the winner or do they project the winner independently? For example, CNN projected the winner, do ABC News or NBC also project it? 2. Time for the new PM to form a government. It's held on a Thursday so that the new Prime Minister will have enough time on Friday and the weekend to form a government. Afterwards, they will be able to start work on the following Monday, thereby allowing for a smooth transfer of power. Without this poll, the challenger would have won. 5. To keep the United Kingdom united As it's well-known that the Scottish National Party (SNP) is trying to push for another independence referendum, it's hoped that the Conservatives would gain more Scottish seats to the House of Commons after this election which would weaken SNP's dominance. Research Also, a research published in 2012 showed that people are in fact influenced by polling: It's difficult to govern without a mandate. Furthermore, it would make it difficult for her to decide the course for UK's exit from the EU. Since she has chosen a "Hard Brexit", she needs support from the people as the government should represent citizens. In the UK, Arthur Balfour lost his seat in Manchester East after the Conservative landslide defeat in 1906. 2. Polling is in her favour According to a recent opinion polling, the Conservatives are heading for a landslide victory. So, it's a good opportunity to call a general election. Source: http://edition.cnn.com/2017/04/18/europe/uk-snap-election-explainer/ Leader Tim Farron said on Saturday night that he would be “clear and unequivocal” with voters that if elected it would set aside the referendum result and keep Britain in the EU. 1This source doesn't actually highlight that the low turnout rate is due to voters being affected by polling. Regardless, it showed that turnout was low. Source: https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3358730/we-need-an-election-now-to-deliver-brexit-as-rebels-are-trying-to-subvert-will-of-the-people-every-step-of-the-way-theresa-may-says-in-exclusive-chat-with-the-sun/ Once the polls close, news networks will start projecting the winner of a state, sometimes almost instantly. Every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger when I negotiate for Britain with the prime ministers, presidents and chancellors of the European Union. 1. Personal mandate As you know, Theresa May wasn't elected by the people in UK; she became Prime Minister after David Cameron resigned and she won the Conservative Party's leadership election. It has been reported that the two parties do not believe it necessary to enter a formal coalition to govern. Currently, the SNP has 56 Scottish seats to the House of Commons while the Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrat parties each has one. You can check out a feature by The New York Times regarding this. Obviously, these reasons don't apply now, but the tradition continues ... time-series analysis involves analyzing daily patterns in aggregate vote intentions, expectations, and preferences and relating these to the nature of poll information that was available every day of the campaign Source: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-result-lib-dems-remain-liberal-democrats-live-policy-stay-leave-a7103186.html Source: https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/18/mays-real-reason-for-calling-election-to-show-eu-that-brexit-really-means-brexit The winner will take office once the vote is certified, according to Montana's state law. Note: All text in block quotes are quoted from the study, Do Polls Influence the Vote?, and emphasis is mine. The two parliamentary acts that determine the date of the election — the Fixed Term Parliaments Act 2011 and the Electoral Registration and Administration Act 2013 make no mention of delaying the election. There are a few reasons for Theresa May to call for a snap election. 3. To secure a mandate for the Brexit plan This election would allow the public to show their support for Theresa May's Brexit plan which she mentioned in an interview with The Sun: All in all, there are good reasons to believe that the polls had an impact on the vote in the Canadian 1988 election. That's incredibly rare as you mentioned, but it has happened before twice in Canada to the same Prime Minister though he remained Prime Minister. (ii) (A) If the vacancy is subject to the provisions of subsection (3)(b), the governor may make a temporary appointment until the results of the regularly scheduled general election are certified. Traditionally, swing states will include Colorado, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Florida, New Hampshire and Nevada. However, the polling in these states doesn't seem to be close so far and there's a clear lead in each of these state. Also, in the Democratic Party's Charter and Bylaws, it's stated under Regional Caucuses that Democrats Abroad get 1/2 a vote. Every vote for the Conservatives means we can stick to our plan for a stronger Britain and take the right long-term decisions for a more secure future. 2. the bandwagon effect This is the opposite of the boomerang effect. Supporters would expect a race to be a landslide for a particular candidate, but polling showed that their challenger is improving in the polls and the election may be a close race after all. This would encourage people to be more inclined to vote.