In his incarnation Jesus takes on the role of a servant. It's a job he does, and it doesn't in any way diminish his nature. 

First, "his disciples" does not always refer to the Twelve. It can refer to a much larger number, including "the seventy" who Jesus sends out to spread the message. Matthew in particular usually refers to "The Twelve" or "the Apostles" when he is talking about the smaller group and "the disciples" can mean a larger group. 

Second, even if the Jewish leaders knew what Jesus looked like (not at all certain - how would they know that? Would they have gone to hear him speak? How would that have looked to the crowd?) then it's far from certain that the people they sent to arrest him did. Many of them might have been temple guards, or just hired thugs. No reason why they would ever have seen him before. 

"Liberal Christianity" is a loosely defined and wide-ranging group, and there can be many approaches to salvation, but let me describe a commonly believed approach. The New Testament gives a more detail picture of who the Messiah is. It doesn't posit much difference in the meaning even if you use all the words such as forced, compelled, adjured, demanded, charged, obligated etc. The whole idea is that the high priest was looking for a way to force Jesus condemn himself to death. Many accusers came forward but no one was able to find any appropriate charges to put Jesus to death. The high priest, knowing that Jesus would not lie in the name of God, forced Jesus to confess in public that he was the Son of God. According to Jewish Law, blaspheming God deserved a death punishment. When Jesus admitted that he was the Son of God, the high priest now got the opportunity to sentence Jesus to death. It was the understanding of many Church Fathers from the early Christians that the LORD who appeared to Abraham, Jacob, Moses and the prophets was Jesus Christ, the word of God, who is distinct from God the Creator. 

If the intention of the people of Jerusalem was to say "Save us from the hands of Rome", it means they accepted Jesus as the Messiah after seeing all the miracles he performed. But in less than a week they became impatient and shouted "Crucify him!", thereby rushing to a conclusion that Jesus was actually not the Messiah. If then David calls him ‘Lord,’ how can he be his son?” No one could say a word in reply, and from that day on no one dared to ask him any more questions. 

The sad side of this story is that even though they knew that Jesus would not lie when swearing in the name of God, they took Jesus' answer as blasphemy. Their hearts were hardened. They could not see the Messiah standing before them but they only saw a man claiming to be the Messiah. 

First, "his disciples" does not always refer to the Twelve. It can refer to a much larger number, including "the seventy" who Jesus sends out to spread the message. Matthew in particular usually refers to "The Twelve" or "the Apostles" when he is talking about the smaller group and "the disciples" can mean a larger group. 

Second, even if the Jewish leaders knew what Jesus looked like (not at all certain - how would they know that? Would they have gone to hear him speak? How would that have looked to the crowd?) then it's far from certain that the people they sent to arrest him did. Many of them might have been temple guards, or just hired thugs. No reason why they would ever have seen him before. In his incarnation Jesus takes on the role of a servant. It's a job he does, and it doesn't in any way diminish his nature. "Liberal Christianity" is a loosely defined and wide-ranging group, and there can be many approaches to salvation, but let me describe a commonly believed approach. It doesn't posit much difference in the meaning even if you use all the words such as forced, compelled, adjured, demanded, charged, obligated etc. The whole idea is that the high priest was looking for a way to force Jesus condemn himself to death. Many accusers came forward but no one was able to find any appropriate charges to put Jesus to death. The high priest, knowing that Jesus would not lie in the name of God, forced Jesus to confess in public that he was the Son of God. According to Jewish Law, blaspheming God deserved a death punishment. When Jesus admitted that he was the Son of God, the high priest now got the opportunity to sentence Jesus to death. Did Jesus follow Judaism? Yes. He was circumcised. He followed the Torah perfectly. In fact, He knew the Torah better than anyone else. He was called Rabbi, a title given to those who teach from the Torah.