You can mute players, but you will still hear and see their ping spams. Nunu (with skills involved) the most health any champion can obtain is 13195.95, being a level 18 Nunu with: How can I get myself into using the actives of items? this would increase the crit damage by 50%. If there is a misstake, feel free to edit this answer but provide the calculation formula. I could not find any good tutorial videos for this combo. So here are my questions: You can only rebind within 3minutes into the game http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Azir#Sand_Soldier The chances are 5:4 that the enemy has a leaver. I'm not 100% sure if a i calculated the Health of Alistar corrently. I added all the flat bonus values (6007,76) and multiplied this with all percentages together (28%) and added the Base Health (2278): (6007,76 * 128 / 100) + 2278. this was discussed in a forumpost and no patch affected it since then. I normally try to play every game like this (there are some exceptions, like Lee Sin, Jax, ... who gain extra mobility with wards): Alistar (without any skills involved) the most health any champion can obtain is 9967,9328, being a level 18 Alistar with: But it does not empower the damage of Cleave (Hydra Splash) or Spell Blade I currently spam Warwick Jungle on SoloQueue, because i find it easy to climb up with him. When do I have to click for the autoattack? (Alistars animation or target animation) Do different enemies have different flying velocities? (I doubt it but who knows? A Malphite looks heavier than an Annie!) Is ping (~30) or FPS (~60) an issue? What are good ways to practice it? (Besides Bot-games) Wild Growth cast by a Lulu with the maximum amount of ability power. (+???HP) Ragequitters If you flame a lot, it might be that you force your teammates to leave ("omg, jinx you noob! plz unistall"). If that's the case, you have to work on that. or maybe you are the ragequitter... Get Warding Totem at beginning for extra vision (even as jungler! then i try to ward the river) Once I hit level 9 or I get my Sightstone, I switch to Sweeping Lens When I play against something invisible (Akali, Shaco, Evelynn, ...) or at least when I'm full built I upgrade it to Oracle's Lens I never saw Scrying Orb in the game (which I fully understand) You won't be able to finish Essence Reaver during the laning phase. When the laning phase is over your manapool will be large enough due to your natural stat increase. What do you suggest to build as 6th items? http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/patch/patch-421-notes#patch-kalista This text is quoted from the wiki I get the W + Q combo in 90% but I'm having trouble with W+AA. The W + Q combo does good damage but as soon you have the Sheen you are more mana efficient with W + AA. How long does it take the passive to be fully charged? Is there something I should change with my trinket build order? I'm talking about "ping-flamers": They ping too often. Mostly the same thing 5 times in 2 seconds. Some people say its an acronym for All Champions Eliminated Possible Scenarios (assuming a win without the weekend and boots gives X IP): You can do that without Essence Reaver. Should i change something on my build? But in other languages like german, it's "Ass", which is the translation of ace (term from playing cards). stupid answer, but: the designers/developers have chosen not to do this. In most games there is a system: If you DC too often you will be banned. Feral Flare - Give me an OnHitEffect for my ult, more gold income, ... its simply the best jungle item for warwick IMHO Boots - I usually go for Ninja Tabi, Mercury Treads of there is a lot of CC and Mobi if i'm really really fed. Wit's End - More damage for my ult through the passives, some MR and attack speed for faster jungle clearing Blade Of The Ruined King - The active is great for chasing and the passive is a good OnHitEffect for my ult Spirit Visage - Gives me alt lot of tankyness and the with the passive i can engage with my ult even if i'm at 50% health (still depends on the game). Now i have one items slot left for late game. I feel like i need some armor for baron and teamfights, but i can't deceide what item i should build.