John F. Kennedy; Dwight Eisenhower; Benjamin Harrison; James A. Garfield; Ulysses S. Grant; Abraham Lincoln; Franklin Pierce; Zachary Taylor; and arguably, George Washington. 

Or, is somehow able to withstand Constitutional legal scrutiny at both the state and (certainly, eventually, SCOTUS) level. 

If that happens, the state's electors vote somehow; and hopefully one of the candidates reaches 270 votes. (if not, we are in 12th Amendment situation which has nothing to do with your question). 

To top it off, D candidate was a lawyer. Another animal not greatly liked by the average voter. 

Zachary Taylor, Ulysses S. Grant, Herbert Hoover and Dwight D. Eisenhower held no elected office prior to being POTUS. Additionally, Grover Cleveland was a Mayor of Buffalo, NY for less than 1 year and Woodrow Wilson was governor of New Jersey for 2 years. 

As-of February 2016 As-of November 10, 2016 59,611,678 votes / 279 electoral votes according to Google so far. I suspect "is a clown" conclusion was somewhat proven slightly wrong. 

... and if you squint hard enough at the word "respected", you can add 

Vote for the person who seems like he has the most integrity and honesty (<insert appropriately cynical comment>) 

[1] Citation: "Vote Early and Vote Often". - Al Capone. (or not) 

Robert Conrad, Jr., who later became head of the task force, called on Reno in Spring 2000 to appoint an independent counsel to look into the fund-raising practices of Vice President Gore.[50] 

During the pretrial discovery process, Chambers produced new evidence indicating that he and Hiss had been involved in espionage, which both men had previously denied under oath to HUAC. A federal grand jury indicted Hiss on two counts of perjury; Chambers admitted to the same offense but, as a cooperating government witness, was never charged. Although Hiss's indictment stemmed from the alleged espionage, he could not be tried for that crime because the statute of limitations had expired. After a mistrial due to a hung jury, Hiss was tried a second time. In January 1950, he was found guilty on both counts of perjury and received two concurrent five-year sentences, of which he eventually served three and a half years. Hiss maintained his innocence until his death. 

However, there are many likely/possible factors: 

Vote for the most intelligent person (if you don't know enough history to know that's no guarantee of good governance). 

As such, for example, the country with the highest Jewish population (USA) can not possibly have a non-special federal election on Yom Kippur, as regular federal elections are always held