Edit I used Banach-Tarski paradox and Gentzen's consistency proof as examples for the unclear relationship between mathematical "conjectures" and real world "relevance", even so the actual examples I personally care about are much simpler and probably even "solvable", at least in theory. I did this, because these are well known and well investigated examples. The drawbacks are that there are unsettled controversies over them (like the criticism of Voevodsky's position regarding consistency), and that I'm not at all an expert on their details. I now read some of the original publications and parts of the controversy, and I have to admit that at least the historical account in my answer was misleading and unfair to Gödel. The least controversial modern "answer" to the consistency problem is probably given by the reverse mathematics program, which shows that Voevodsky's position is really quite questionable. The truth values of classical propositional logic form a Boolean algebra. The only subdirectly irreducible Boolean algebra has cardinality 2 (True & False). Hence the equational theory of classical propositional logic is completely determined by the two element Boolean algebra. You might want to consider some potential commitments related to strong forms of mathematical idealism: Foundations of mathematics are neither necessary nor possible. Axioms have to be intuitively true, like Euclid's axioms for geometry. Mathematical object are at least as real as any object in the physical world. The question of whether objects like zero, infinity, square root of two, or square root of minus one actually exist is non-trivial and must be answered for each of these objects separately. It is well known that every Boolean algebra can be represented as the set-algebra of clopen sets of its associated Stone space. The label conjecture is only used for proposition that might one day be decided to be true, false or undecidable. The proposition P≠NP is considered to be a conjecture, but the consistency of ZFC is not considered to be a conjecture. The reason why we believe that both propositions are true is that we haven't found efficient algorithms for NP complete problems, despite intense efforts, and we haven't found a contradiction in ZFC, despite making heavy use of it. We found unpleasant properties of ZFC like the Banach-Tarski paradox, but being an unsuitable model of physical reality is different from a mathematical inconsistency. The main question of mathematical philosophy is the ontological status of mathematical objects - numbers, sets, algebras etc; hence the three main schools: intuitionism, platonism, and formalism; the first says they're human constructions, the second says they're objectively real; the third says anything goes so long as it has significance and we stay within the rules of logic. I suspect not, simply because we have no formal means of creating a set - and so we cannot even take the first step to define cardinality. Perhaps as a coda its worth enunciating a couple of ideas in Category theory which I find philosophically interesting. One can think of it as a loosening or expansion of Liebnizs prinicple of indiscernibles. If two objects have all the same properties they must be identical. Finally, the double-slit experiment doesn't challenge our logic but our physics as then conceived. That is then Physics had a simple deterministic interpretation - symbolically the 'clockwork universe'. In fact this experiment does have a classical interpretation via Bohmian Mechanics - but it is non-local. One should note that the Greek atomists did include indeterminism in their physics. As Newton did preface his Principia with an excerpt from Lucretious De Rerum Natura, it probably would not have come as a surprise to him to see its advent again. The lattice is non-classical because there are measurements we can make that cannot be done simultaneously. This is the content of Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle.