but this is the closest I have come to finding anything (note the use of 'suggested'in the text above). 

How much did Pliny exaggerate? For the Theatre of Pompey, it would seem his number is between 3 and 4 times the actual. If this scale of exaggeration is also true for the temporary theatre, we arrive at a figure of between 20,000 and 26,600. After the Great Fire of Rome, it has been argued, Nero needed a scapegoat and the Christians were an easy target. 

As shown in the picture in your question, In terms of capacity, there is some dispute, much of it due to variations in how much seating space is 'allowed' per person. If Pliny is to be believed, the largest theatre would appear to be the Theatre of Pompey, completed during Pompey's consulship in 55 BC, with a capacity of 40,000. However, modern estimates put the capacity at only 10,000 but there are no details on how this number was arrived at. 

Concerning status in Roman society, weren't prostitutes also low status? And slaves? Of the former, no mention is made of a ban. Slaves, according to the Colosseum website, were allowed though. 

Granted, this last might not be the most authoritative of sources, but I was unable to find any sources that say slaves could not use the public baths. Source: H.H. Scullard, 'From the Gracchi to Nero' A band of soft leather, called a mamillare, was sometimes used to provide support under or over the breasts. 

The Wikipedia article on glasses says ‘scattered evidence exists for use of vision aid devices in Greek and Roman times’ but only cites the example of Nero’s emerald. This article on Magnifying glasses states 

I'm also wondering how the gate men at the Colosseum would know if someone was an actor or a gravedigger (though presumably ex-gladiators would be easier to spot). This page provides a good overview. There were two types of deposits that could be made with an argentarius (singular form of argentarii). A depositum did not pay interest and was simply a way for the owner to give someone else the responsibility of keeping it safe. The argentarius would not use a depositum in attempt to make money off it. A creditum paid interest to the owner and allowed the argentarius to attempt to profit from the creditum. 

Banking existed in the era of the Romans and earlier. In ancient Greece and Asia Minor temples served as a sanctuary where individuals could make deposits for safekeeping. This practice continued with the Romans (see this article titled "Temple Banking In Rome"). For instance, the Temple of Artemis in Ephesus was the largest depository in Asia and served as a depository for Aristotle, Caesar, Dio Chrysostom, Plautus, Plutarch, Strabo, and Xenophon. The Temple of Saturn in Rome housed the aerarium (public treasury). During the imperial period the Temple of Castor and Pollux in Rome was a depository for the State treasury. 

There were also public bankers, known as mensarii, who were appointed by the Roman government to loan out money in times of distress, with the first time being 352 B.C. I mention them because a class of the mensarii, the mensularii or nummularii (probably an inferior rank since mensularii is formed from a diminutive), seem to have been permanent state employees that private individuals may have deposited money with. The era of the Romans also saw the rise of private depositories. Private individuals (or individuals of a private organization) that served as bankers were known as argentarii. Such individuals were members of a collegium, or guild. Many individuals entrusted all their capital to them. The way these bankers transacted business is similar to modern times. Individuals could deposit funds with a banker, and pay their debts using a draft or check from the bank. If both the debtor and creditor had an account with the same bank it was easy for the bank to internally transfer the funds between the accounts. 

How much did Pliny exaggerate? For the Theatre of Pompey, it would seem his number is between 3 and 4 times the actual. If this scale of exaggeration is also true for the temporary theatre, we arrive at a figure of between 20,000 and 26,600. Sources: https://www.ma-shops.com/roman-empire/antoninus-pius/?catid=717&lang=en&ajax=2z6 http://www.wildwinds.com/coins/ric/antoninus_pius/i.html Nero, in common with many other rulers, killed people he thought were a threat to him (his mother, his half-brother, those involved in the Pisonian conspiracy). His reason for persecuting the Christians is disputed - they just have been an easy target after the Great Fire of Rome. 

In the compilation below, the top left coin is the one in the question. The other coins are all confirmed as Antoninus Pius (perhaps to hide the rather prominent chin?). 

The article cites no examples of these villas 'taken over for other purposes' and I haven't been able to find any. I think I've seen a picture of church which actually used part of a wall of a villa (i.e. not rebuilt from Roman ruins), but I just can't remember where (and I could be mistaken). 

Source: N. Bancroft Hunt (ed), Living in Ancient Rome 

A band of soft leather, called a mamillare, was sometimes used to provide support under or over the breasts.