It is surely not clear that your initial statement is correct. We can generally divide phenomena into three categories: the effective (information), the reflective (internal constructions) and the affective (emotional responses). These distinctions have a lot of different names, but they seem to be a stable set of distinctions made in language (Germanic modal verbs), religion (Gnostic theories of the trinity, the three Pillars of the tree of life) and a variety of forms of pre-scientific magic (astrology and alchemy in their late Western forms). 

No one is actually humble. So whether there could be non-despicable humility of some sort doesn't matter. 

If we all decide to consistently give our $10 to the poor and no one goes to movies, we have just created a couple more poor people -- the projectionist from the movie theater, and the counter server who sold the drinks. And since those people also spend money, we are undermining the economics of our community. 

(The German government raised the same issues with respect to open-source software back when it first became an important force in the computing industry: that it proposed a problem of responsibility that had no parallel in earlier law, and it was unclear what would constitute fairness. 

At least one major thinker agrees with this basic premise, but when you put us all together in a society, things get much more complicated. The individual problem is too much of a psychotherapy question -- we officially don't like answering those here. The social parallel is much more interesting philosophically. 

Corporations take responsibility the same way individuals do, but they are able to shift the parts that compose themselves around to evade apparent responsibility or to hide resources available for remediation from those to whom they would be owed. They have been known to dissolve completely, escaping liability by having no assets while a 'different' corporation is constituted with the exact same human members, free of historical ties to the past behavior of the same group of people. 

Most of us generally choose the latter value, even if it abstractly offends our compassionate impulses. 

But no. None of the examples you give fall in that category. Even if I am bound to get caught, if it gives me a sliver of hope in a bleak enough time, I am tempted to do quite dangerous things. That is not crazy, it just serves motives other than survival: true love, religious fervor, abject desperation, consuming hatred, or some other emotion that cannot be put aside with the full force of real fear. Consequences are compared individually, by all sorts of different people -- and the consequence of forgoing an option that would reduce the chance the wife's risk of death by 0.1% may be more severe for Heinz personally than the 99.9% risk of his own death.