Since Jiang was apparently not the top graduate, the story that he received a sword for being the best pupil is clearly wrong. 

At this point early major Chinese Trotskyists were either dead or exiled, with one defected to the Nationalists. Others (numbering in their hundreds) were rounded up to be "reformed". In reality, they were often no more than victims of internal Communist powerplays. Rehabilitation began in the late 1980s, and the 1991 version of the previous footnote was updated to briefly acknowledge Trotsky's contributions: Much of the intellectual elites of China (many of whom were themselves well acquainted with Japanese modernisation) recognised the lopsided military balance. Chang's actions in initiating the Xi'an Incident were widely lambasted as using the guise of resisting that Japanese to destroy national unity and strength. Chinese intellectuals at the time were inevitably aware of how the previous ethnic Chinese regime, the Ming Dynasty, fell to a war on two fronts - internal and external - against Manchuria. And the slogan of pacify the nation to resist foreigners has had a long tradition dating back to the Spring and Autumn period (as the term later borrowed into Japan as Sonnō Jōi). 

Vyacheslav Molotov is well known to be stubborn and independent minded. He argued with Stalin over numerous policy differences, a behaviour for which he was prideful. We know this from both the observations of those close to them, as well as from Molotov's own remarks. For instance: 

Emails was popularised on the internet because it is the medium that best enabled it. It is no secret that Joseph Stalin was not one to take kindly to disagreements. Milovan Đilas, a prominent Yugoslav communist, observed that even in his old age: 

Likewise, Bhutan was not a princely state; however, its status suffered from a policy of "convenient ambiguity" by British officials. In a 1924 decision, the Government of India resolved that while Bhutan was under British suzerainty, "it is doubtful whether it can be regarded as an Indian State, and it is expedient to leave its status ambiguous as it is undesirable to extend British commitments in regards to Bhutan". This remained the British position until Indian independence.