And whatever you do, don't worry about the Stash unless you're at the point where you have more gold than you have uses for it and the convenience is suddenly of value to you. Don't expect that to happen anytime soon though. For example, current market value for normal mode mats is 20g for Subtle Essence and 45g for Fallen Teeth. So any item worth more than 25g, I sell. If its worth less than 25, I gamble for a shot at a tooth. There may be a few others, but I don't have any confirmation on them - as a rule of thumb, anything that involves replacing arrows with knives or grenades will probably work. I'm curious about the Nether Tentacles rune for Elemental Arrow personally. There are several attacks available to a Demon Hunter that don't require a ranged weapon to be equipped. If you build around these abilities, such as Grenades, Caltrops, Impale, Chakram, Fan of Knives, and many others (indeed, most others), you substantially expand your available weapon options and thus, the variety of stats available to you. The downside of course is that you are locked out of some skills, such as Hungering Arrow, and - especially at low levels - you might not have all the tools you need to make this work. Can someone provide me with a list of where I can find each color of Dye? I use Crippling Wave most of the time, but often find myself out of spirit so was wondering if there was a significant difference in the spirit-generating skills. I know it's not just based on Armor value, since I've seen this value higher on pieces of armor that contain lower armor values, and see it on non-armor pieces such as rings and amulets too Stop hitting things chasing you if the tank is hitting it as well if you want the tank to pick aggro back up Use AOE abilities if possible so monsters will re-target you after losing interest You do not pull aggro from doing more damage than another person once aggro is obtained via damage The difficulty and level of the game when you got the cache determines the quality of items inside it. Where you open it makes no difference. I've noticed a stat called Protection in the "Stats changed if equipped" tooltip that comes up when you hover over a piece of gear you aren't wearing Using a skill like Cyclone Strike to pull a mob off a dps player will cause the monster to re-focus on me in most cases, unless they take damage from the dps player before I can do damage, or are shielded/invulnerable so I don't do damage Where things really get strange however, is with my gloves. Those read Increases Attack Speed by 15%. Awesome! Except, when I equip them, my attack speed doesn't increase at all. For example, current market value for normal mode mats is 20g for Subtle Essence and 45g for Fallen Teeth. So any item worth more than 25g, I sell. If its worth less than 25, I gamble for a shot at a tooth. This is the only way to speed up the process of changing skills. There is no other way to automate or hotkey skill selection in Diablo 3. It must be done through this menu. Any 'out of the box solution' would require, at a minimum, the use of some form of third party macro or automation software, a clear violation of Diablo III's Terms of Use. While such violations are not always detectable or acted on, the possibility of action against your account and revocation of your license to play would give me extreme pause in considering any other solution. The three attacks each seem to do 1/3 of 140% weapon damage each, so your 5-hit combo is around 9.3% weapon damage per hit, which results in an extra 3 hits giving you another 28% damage. However I don't like Fists of Thunder, and want to know which of the remaining ones are the fastest, and if there's even a significant difference in spirit-generation between them. Skills which interrupt mobs, including those which push/pull mobs around, will cause monsters to find a new target after they've recovered Remove your weapons and your Secondary skill (either drag it off the toolbar, or go equip your secondary skill somewhere else and it will change to an auto-attack), and hit him with your right-mouse button (secondary). If you don't use AOE abilities, consider building attack speed so you can pick up monsters faster when they lose interest in you I've noticed a stat called Protection in the "Stats changed if equipped" tooltip that comes up when you hover over a piece of gear you aren't wearing I've noticed that if my Wizard runs out of Arcane Power while I'm spamming an ability that costs arcane power, I start shooting little white dots at the enemy which do damage. This surprised me because I would have expected it to default to my primary ability, which doesn't cost any Arcane Power, when I run out of the shiney purple stuff I haven't tried Whimsyshire yet though, and have been thinking about farming the items to go there.