It seems that regulations and opinions on this are varied. It depends (very strongly) on the denomination and what they believe. I was researching a different question and saw that some people find that In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) is something that should be avoided on the basis of religious grounds. 

As The Rev. Gerald Schrankler said in this thread: 

The background idea behind this is that Christians who are not baptized are not saved. Since they're not saved, they should not be able to partake of the communion and are in violation of 1 Corinthians 11:27. 

...While we cannot admit them to Holy Communion, we ask them to offer their prayers for the peace and the unity of the human family. Specifically, I would like the Catholic stance on this. 

John Wesley, however, believed that communion was a "means of grace" (source). Therefore, it shouldn't be withheld from anyone--believers or non-believers. 

Also, in Matthew 4:10, Jesus himself says to: We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: So yes, the Gospels are also Spirit-written. They serve to humble man before God From a Biblical perspective the answer is no. God is not present in Hell; that is what makes it Hell! Here we see that God's works in the heavens (the stars, etc.) serve the following functions: 

Ezekiel 28:12-19, which may be one of the points of confusion, is a prophecy against Tyre (specifically addressed to the King of Tyre). However, it is also partially addressing Satan, who was presumably working through the King of Tyre... for instance, in verses 12-15 it says things like "you were in Eden" and "you were the anointed cherub". It is true that the passage also says "I have cast you as profane from the mountain of God" and "I cast you to the ground". However, we need to read the entire passage and understand it as intended. For instance, it also says things like "by the abundance of your trade you were internally filled with violence" and "you profaned your sanctuaries", referring to the city, not Satan. Furthermore, there are statements like "I have destroyed you... from the midst of the stones of fire" and "I have brought fire from the midst of you; it has consumed you, and I have turned you to ashes on the earth". I don't know of anyone who teaches that this happened to Satan - at least not yet (Revelation 20:10). Protestantism One belief is that the communion should be something solely for people who are saved, committed Christians. 

Here, Jesus is speaking of God as the only true God and Jesus as being sent by God, not being God incarnate. John Wesley, however, believed that communion was a "means of grace" (source). Therefore, it shouldn't be withheld from anyone--believers or non-believers. (This seems especially strange to me since pregnancy wasn't fully understood back then, let alone IVF.) 

The background idea behind this is that Christians who are not baptized are not saved. Since they're not saved, they should not be able to partake of the communion and are in violation of 1 Corinthians 11:27. 

Key Verse: I'll put this here for later reference: The idea here is that if someone wants to come to communion, we should not prevent them. It may very well be the means that leads to their salvation! Clearly that's not something we would want to withhold. 

Also, in Matthew 4:10, Jesus himself says to: Embryo Screening is the process of fertilizing multiple eggs, checking their DNA makeup, and then screening out the eggs that do not meet the requirements. These requirements can be anything from potential health issues (genetic diseases) to gender preference. From a Biblical perspective the answer is no. God is not present in Hell; that is what makes it Hell! All of Jesus words and His actions were authored by God, and Spirit-led. But what about the records of them? The Psalms were the work of the Holy Spirit, and could also be considered "prophecy." (See also Matthew 22:41-44.) 

Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! 

(Isaiah 14:3-21 is the same sort of story, but is about Babylon instead of Tyre.) 

“For it is written in the book of Psalms, ‘Let his homestead be made desolate, and let no one dwell in it’; and, ‘Let another man take his office.’ -Acts 1:20 Here we see God's purposes behind the creation of the "lights" in the heavens (the Sun, Moon, and stars.) Collectively they serve the following functions according to Genesis 1: 

Clearly given the event of Acts 2, explanations of the Spirit's ministry through us (1 Corinthians 12, Romans 12, Ephesians 4, etc.), and constant claims such as the following, it can be safely assumed that the New Testament Scriptures were also Spirit-written.