All writers have influences. With some, it's more obvious than with others. However, the only cure to this is, unfortunately, to keep writing. Don't stop just because something seems familiar or fake, just note it for future revision. With a little talent and time, your influences will blend into a style that is yours. It won't happen quickly, or without some hard work, but have some faith that it will happen. It's absolutely okay to leave these out. You'll be making the text more concise and the reader will have less work to do. The only time you want to use tags like "I wondered", "I thought", "I worried", and so on, is when they actually add information, or clarify the situation. For example: Take care to vary your writing; one way of doing this is to stick the occasional "I thought" in the text. However, as a general rule, words that serve no purpose should be omitted. People don't behave rationally all the time, and neither do characters in fiction. Your characters don't need to make the right choices all the time, they just need to make believable choices that we understand. If everything you write is sounding like overused tropes and clichés, it may be that you're simply showing your influences. And when you see your writing, all you're seeing are those influences. Hence, it feels less substantial to you. Perhaps by putting his comrades in danger Mike is, in some way, redeeming something else? You ask for specific methods: Since becoming aware of your influences and stylistic leanings will only help matters, getting some critiques of your work with that in mind may help. However, volume is your friend: Get those pages written. Don't stop if they suck, just keep going. You won't learn from the experience if you don't. Some specific working regimens, if you don't have them, may also be of help here. Right before you start writing, read 5-10 pages of what you have recently written. This will reset your mimicry, making you into a mimic of yourself. It will also serve to get you back into the mood and flow of your current writing, and remind you of plot elements which you might have forgotten since the last time you wrote. Congratulations on being a natural mimic! That is a marvelous skill to have as a fiction writer. Now all you have to do is learn how to leverage it. I'll give you a few clues here. Random (dice rolling) is good for role playing games, but not so much for fiction. Allowing dice to determine the outcome of any scene robs you, the author, of your opportunity to instill meaning and value in the outcome of every scene. But stories aren't all action and adreneline. Eventually your characters need to do something else; maybe some dialog or an lurid love scene. Eventually, in your quest to write a complete story, you'll have to write some scenes that aren't in your comfort zone. That is when being a mimic is a blessing. There are a lot of great writers out there, but each and every one of them is BEST at only one or two types of scenes. Start cataloging your favorite authors' strong points then use their writing to inject those skills into your writing at the moment when you need that kind of help. Eventually, you will have a library of earmarked books waiting to help you write every kind of scene imaginable. And because of your skill at mimicry, you can use that library to enrich everything that you write. Reading the right 5-10 pages from an expert in a particular type of scene, can elevate you into a master of that scene type as well. Mimicry! Embrace it! Spending some time on the character's motivations for taking this risk will help sell his choices to your readers. Perhaps Mike's relationship to his mother is very close, or maybe he feels guilt over something with her? Whatever the reason, he needs a motive for putting others at risk or he'll not be a very sympathetic character. You ask for specific methods: Since becoming aware of your influences and stylistic leanings will only help matters, getting some critiques of your work with that in mind may help. However, volume is your friend: Get those pages written. Don't stop if they suck, just keep going. You won't learn from the experience if you don't. Some specific working regimens, if you don't have them, may also be of help here. It's absolutely okay to leave these out. You'll be making the text more concise and the reader will have less work to do. The only time you want to use tags like "I wondered", "I thought", "I worried", and so on, is when they actually add information, or clarify the situation. For example: People don't behave rationally all the time, and neither do characters in fiction. Your characters don't need to make the right choices all the time, they just need to make believable choices that we understand. In your piece, the character has no idea if the bird is male or female, or even real, so "it" is appropriate. Some people work better on paper; you are clearly one of them. You can draw on the power of the ancients for magic? great. Someone who deserves to be smeared over a brick wall doesn't have reedeming features. So as long as you don't strain your minimalist explanation with maximalist results, you should be okay. Each person can do one thing at a time, or maybe each person can only tap one kind of magic: sure. That's reasonable. You don't need to go into details about how you contact the gods or which gods bestow which power etc. It's when It Just Happens becomes Dei Ex Machinae Happens that you need to prop up the Dei with worldbuilding. 2) Either build your world or introduce characters, but not both at once. In David and Leigh Eddings's Belgariad and Malloreon pentologies, we start with one boy who has one aunt and one adult friend, the aunt's father shows up, and then the band collects more members one by one as they leave the small farm and go out into the wider world. Each person is distinctive and has a part to play, and the Eddingses either introduce a new setting/city or a new character, but not both at the same time.