If you're genuinely interested (as opposed to just looking for an excuse to insult someone you disagree with politically), this article in RealClearPolitics explores the general idea, although on US side. 

As such, none of this is a "conspiracy theory" since it doesn't postulate the existence of a secret, NOR a plan. 

Specific to UKIP quip, on the question of Brexit, David Cameron - leader of Conservative party - was firmly on the "REMAIN" side. So were most other Conservative leaders, e.g. his cabinet. It's not simple to answer, since "National Socialism" can encompass quite a bit of ground and definitions if varying strictness/broadness. But trying to restrict to most common denominator : 

“Once you begin the process of feeling it’s cool to be a reporter’s inside source, then it takes a life of its own,” Bucci told The Daily Signal. “I would bet a month’s pay that a person who had leaked about Trump also leaked this information.” 

I'm assuming that the article you referred to is the first hit on Google under "Corbyn" and "run on the pound": Jeremy Corbyn: It's right to plan for run on pound 

This includes Blaenau Gwent in Wales, which has the highest working class population in Britain. Some 62 percent of voters here went for Leave. First of all, the theoretical need: France during cold war faced a threat from Russia. That's 2-6 thousand miles. That's lower than IRBM's range, and requires an ICBM. 

No, it's an accurate model of reality, not a conspiracy theory. 

Also predictably, people with degree were REMAIN by 70/30%, while those with High School only by 34/66%, while some college was ~50% split. Clearly, "ordinary people" can be assumed to be people with only HS education, as opposed to college. Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": A "Station Chief" podcast discussed these national security leaks pretty extensively last couple of months, with the expert opinion (one of the hosts is a retired CIA station chief) being that there's an endemic problem with leaks at US national security apparatus, wholly independent of Trump, persistent and unlikely to go away - including according to statements from top US national security officials. And for instances of it happenning historically, there are lots of it. One particular famous example where the Popular Fronts promoved to unite European leftist forces in the 30s, specially against the rise of fascism. In Spain, all of the "classical"1 main parties are the result of the union of several different existing parties. 

Then the follow up question is "why would the UK invoke art. 50 if it means giving away this advantage?" Here the answer is internal, if art. 50 is not invoked and there are not ongoing negotiations (because the EU won't agree without art. 50), people at home will begin claiming that Theresa May is not complying with the Brexit referendum and she will lose her support. 

The UK Government may effectively end supporting the position of the DUP to avoid losing their support in London, effectively ceasing to be a mediator to become a part. 1Technically speaking, freedom of movement applies only to workers. After a time in the country even EU nationals immigrants with no job and no ability to sustain themselves could be expelled, as other EU countries do. The only legal restriction is that repatriation orders must be considered in a case-by-case basis. In both cases the political party makes a proposal, and it is valored by the voters at election day. The fact that the individual political parties exist as separate organizations is not relevant to the democratic aspect of it. Sometimes the supporters of the parties outside the agreement decry it as "undemocratic", but you can see that democracy was not affected at all. In the end, the habitual reaction to it is for the other parties that are similar enough to make another common effort. 

First of all, the theoretical need: France during cold war faced a threat from Russia. That's 2-6 thousand miles. That's lower than IRBM's range, and requires an ICBM. 

Distance from Israel to Pakistan 3,292 km = 2,046 miles. That well exceeds the range of previous generation Jericho II IRBM which was under 1500km - which isn't enough to reach Pakistan (3292 km), or even most parts of Iran (1789 km). 

Trump's attacks on mayor of London. Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": 

I won't quote the entire thing (too long, and much of it relevant) but just the intro: Also predictably, people with degree were REMAIN by 70/30%, while those with High School only by 34/66%, while some college was ~50% split. Clearly, "ordinary people" can be assumed to be people with only HS education, as opposed to college. Obviously, "ordinary people" is campaign rhethoric with no formal definition, but a rational approximation shows that what could be considered "ordinary" non-elite people did back UKIP's main point, exiting EU. So, even if you can blame Trump for that event on the general principle of "The Buck Stops Here", you can't possibly ask "why does Trump do it" as it was done in contradiction of Trump (or likely irrespective of him). 

I'm assuming that the article you referred to is the first hit on Google under "Corbyn" and "run on the pound": Jeremy Corbyn: It's right to plan for run on pound 

As such, none of this is a "conspiracy theory" since it doesn't postulate the existence of a secret, NOR a plan. 

Specific to UKIP quip, on the question of Brexit, David Cameron - leader of Conservative party - was firmly on the "REMAIN" side. So were most other Conservative leaders, e.g. his cabinet. 

M45 SLBM (progressively retired); M51 SLBM (three variants : M51.1 from 2010; M51.2 from 2015; M51.3 projected from 2025 onwards); This includes Blaenau Gwent in Wales, which has the highest working class population in Britain. Some 62 percent of voters here went for Leave. In UK, the leadership of both Labour and Conservatives, are more cosmopolitan and urban (see the political theory about cosmopolitanism/traditionalism later in the answer). Inactive: S2 IRBM; S3 IRBM; M4 SLBM 

If you're genuinely interested (as opposed to just looking for an excuse to insult someone you disagree with politically), this article in RealClearPolitics explores the general idea, although on US side. No, it's an accurate model of reality, not a conspiracy theory. 

A "Station Chief" podcast discussed these national security leaks pretty extensively last couple of months, with the expert opinion (one of the hosts is a retired CIA station chief) being that there's an endemic problem with leaks at US national security apparatus, wholly independent of Trump, persistent and unlikely to go away - including according to statements from top US national security officials.