Calvin similarly sees that the women "escaped by falsehood": 

Two fourth-century fathers clearly make this connection. First, Cyril of Jerusalem: 

Augustine, Theodoret, and Aquinas Augustine (d. 430) and Theodoret (d. ~460) both directly address this passage in series of answers to questions about Exodus. Augustine's full answer is not available online in English,2 but his position has been summarized as follows: 

Augustine, shortly thereafter, clearly makes the connection in his exposition of Psalm 55:9: 

In Exodus 1:15–16, the king of Egypt orders the Hebrew midwives to kill the sons born to Hebrew women. However, they do not obey: 

Thomas Constable's treatment is helpful as well. 

Thus the stone striking the image in Daniel is a representation of the return of Christ, which shatters the worldly kingdoms (including the one currently in power – that of Anglo-America). His coming in particular will result in the destruction of all false religion, particularly "the churches of Christendom": 

Large-scale conversion of Jewish people The most commonly held position on this text is that Romans 11:26 is a prophecy of a future large-scale conversion of Jewish people, which is typically associated with the Second Coming of Christ. 

Conclusion Evangelicals broadly agree that what Paul writes in 7:12 is inspired and just as authoritative as the other teachings that Paul gives. 

Another proponent, Lee Irons, challenges the prevailing view's argument that "Israel" in verse 26 should be interpreted the same way as "Israel" elsewhere in the chapter (as the Jewish people) by referencing Romans 9:6, "they are not all Israel that are of Israel," as an example of differing meanings in the same sentence. He also contends that an overarching theme in Romans is a challenge to the traditional "Jewish-only" vision of Israel (citing 2:26, 2:12, and 9:24), and sees the "mystery" as being the same as that of Ephesians 3:6: 

Augustine likewise says the women are guilty of lying, and that they received their reward for being "merciful to God's people." To those who say that the midwives would have died if they had told the truth, Augustine answers: 

Thus, according to Clarke, God rewards the midwives in verses 20-21 for both their obedience to God and their frankness toward Pharaoh, and since they did not lie, they did not sin. 

Summary Unfortunately, not many pre-1800 commentators deal with this text explicitly and take a position, and even fewer do so in works that we have in English.11 However, those that do agree that this Exodus 21 teaches, at least for "formed" fetuses, that causing the death of an unborn child is a capital offense. 

Hendriksen, Exposition of the Gospel According to Matthew, 558. Gill, Exposition of the Whole Bible, Matthew 13. Hendriksen, Exposition of the Gospel According to Luke, 427. Calvin, *Commentary on Matthew, Mark, and Luke, Volume 2. Gill, Exposition of the Whole Bible, Luke 8. MacArthur, "Receptivity to the Gospel, Part 3" (sermon). Hendriksen, Exposition of the Gospel According to Matthew, 561. Hendriksen, Exposition of the Gospel According to Luke, 429. 

Evangelical commentators generally hold that Paul is speaking authoritatively in 1 Corinthians 7:12, and only indicating that he was not aware of any direct teaching on this subject by Jesus during his earthly ministry. The Reformation Study Bible explains: 

But with respect to the verses in question here, these comments are merely tangential – Evangelicals generally accept 1 Corinthians 7:10ff. as authoritative commands, under the inspiration of God. 

Calvin describes his attitude: 

To put it simply: Reformed commentators see the parable as a description of and warning against three distinct types of unbelief, and a call to greater fruitfulness in the Christian walk. 

What is an overview of Catholic and Protestant understandings of the actions and words of the midwives, especially in light of other passages on civil authority? Were their actions and words sinful or not? 

Similarly, Matthew Poole writes: 

Geneva Study Bible, Wesley, Coke, Poole, Scofield. Also Catholic Haydock. Henry, Commentary on the Whole Bible, III Gill, Exposition of the Whole Bible. Cf. James Coffman; though not a defender of this view, he writes at length on how to properly translate this word. Barnes, Notes Kidner (Proverbs), Longman (Proverbs), and Waltke (Book of Proverbs 1-15), among others. ESV Study Bible, NIV Study Bible, and Keil & Delitzsch, for example. Clarke, Commentary