In standard propositional logic, both p and –p are ‘propositions’. In natural language, however, what phrases smaller than TP are ‘propositional’ is much less obvious. For example, take the simplest sentences, sentences like a), b) and c), where a) is specified for ‘default’, positive ‘polarity’, b) has ‘marked’, negative ‘polarity’, and, arguably, c) is unspecified for ‘polarity’. Alternatively, if we opted for a binary-branching analysis, as in current Merge-based theories, the sentence S would have just two branches, which, ignoring the actual labels now used, I will simply call Subject of (S) = John and Predicate of (S) = sent Mary flowers. 

One way to find out whether a verb appears in two homophonous forms, with and without an 'implicit argument', or, on the contrary, the two homophonous forms correspond to different lexemes (= different homophonous verbs) and there are not any 'implicit arguments' involved, is to use the 'zeugma tests', and the easiest to apply in cases like the one you cite is (rightwards= R) 'R-gapping' [recall that leftwards 'gapping', L-gapping, is disallowed in SVO languages like English] subsequent to coordination - under the assumption that the R-gapped coordinate clause will only sound natural, rather than like a pun, when the omitted second verb is the same verb that occurs as an antecedent in the first coordinate clause and thereby licenses 'R-gapping'. 

Beyond this, matters have become highly theory-bound and answering your question in a way acceptable to the profession as a whole is probably impossible. The earliest 'modern' theories of 'roles' (mid 1960's), roughly those that coined the terms 'thematic roles' (Gruber's) or 'Cases' (Fillmore's), aimed rather at accounting for syntactic alternations than at defining LF and the syntax-semantics interface, and, with such an aim in view, only 'participants' (= arguments of the main predicate) were supposed to discharge 'thematic roles'/Cases. However, as linguists, from the late 1960's onwards, shifted their focus of interest from syntax sensu stricto to semantics/LF and the syntax-semantics interface, things changed substantially. (10) She deserves sending __ to prison (= to be/being sent...) 

DGs seem to 'work' (of course, only as elementary parsing strategies, ignoring all the above-mentioned difficulties) because they are typically used to parse only the simplest well-formed sentences, as happens in CL work, i.e., they are 'restricted prototypes', trivial toys, at bottom, but a respectable linguistic theory must also explain why ill-formed sentences (or interpretations thereof) are ill-formed, and to do that you must do rather more than draw or not draw arcs between signs more or less at will. 

You are welcome to explore and try to promote any new theory you fancy, but it is pretentious of DG fans to design little toy grammars and ignore the enormous body of knowledge that CGs have managed to offer us after sixty years of colossal intellectual work by thousands of the best linguists the world has ever produced. 

(1) John deserves appointing __ Professor (=to be/being appointed ...) 

How common this construction is in Human Language, in general, I do not know, though. Could somebody here give me examples of languages - preferably IE ones, since I know virtually nothing about other language families - in which this 'bare NP adverbial' construction is also possible, and, especially, of languages, if any, in which it is not? (2) In the Role and Reference grammar framework, clause chaining is usually analyzed as a type of cosubordination (a type of clause linkage where two non-finite clauses are both embedded in a matrix clause). Cosubordination exists alongside the more familiar clause-linking prototypes coordination and subordination. Complementization is a type of subordination construction where the verb of a finite matrix clause takes as one of its arguments a subordinate clause. Situating clause-chaining and complementization within the more general typology of clause-linkage, we see that these are instantiations of general clause-linkage strategies, all of which are well-attested cross-linguistically. For a language to have both clause-chaining and complementization then should not be unusual or surprising, then. Chechen (see Good 2003 for a thorough presentation) has both clause-chaining as well as subordination, so it will probably fit the bill. A verb is said to have selectional restrictions if there are certain well-defined properties that licit arguments must have. The verb massacre, for example, selects for a plural object. In semantic selection, the selected property must be semantic, and in studies on argument structure "semantic" usually means a role like agent, patient, instrument, etc., which are grammaticalized into grammatical relations such as subject, object, etc. In the Wikipedia article, what they are getting at is that the subject of the subordinate clause is either the subject or the object of the control verb. 

Edit It occurred to me that it probably means instead that the semantics of the control verb are responsible for deciding whether its subject or object is the subject of the subordinate clause. 

Sentence (2) could minimally be derived (leaving V-Raisings aside) by ‘long’ Subject-Raising (= one displacement, assuming that ‘long’ Subject Raising counts as a single operation, since raising into any intermediate specifier would presumably be gratuitous and impossible = a violation of Economy). However, if the subject may simply stay in situ, as assumed in the earlier derivation of sentence (1), its raising in (2) would seem to be gratuitous (a violation of Economy) and (2) should be bad. Since it is not, the derivation of (1) might be more complex than it seems and (1) would no longer qualify as the optimal solution and the ‘unmarked’ construction. 

Thus, again, in both languages, under the monadic reading of seem/parecer, the only real argument is discharged by the clause introduced by that and que, respectively, which appears post-verbally and, in English at least, clearly occupies the 'complement of V' position. Whether that is also the case in Spanish is less obvious, and will be the focus of this question, but allow me first to briefly complete the scenario in which doubt may arise in this respect.