As far as I know, under any version of late P&P or ‘minimalist’ syntactic theory that assumes the VP-Internal Hypothesis and a conventional hierarchy of projections – say, at least, CP > FocP > TP > PolarityP > ModalityP > AspP2 > AspP1 > VP (where ‘>’ = ‘dominates’) - and leaving aside and open the question of how verbal inflections, ‘phi features’, +Q, etc. are to be licensed/checked, since whatever technical mechanism is adopted in this respect will have to operate in all six sentences and, economy-wise, would not raise differences among them - I suppose it would be possible to derive each of them as follows: (7) I need persuading __ to marry again (= to be/being persuaded...) 

The use of the symbol ‘S’, standing for ‘sentence’ - originally, since Roman times, ‘a coherent phrase expressing a complete ‘thought’ or ‘proposition’’ - has largely been discontinued in technical accounts of syntactic structure written within Chomskian generative grammar because, at one point in its development, 'S', and its associated rule, stopped satisfying the requirements of a new theory that Chomsky considered it necessary to adopt in order to explain, instead of merely describe, the syntactic constructions of English and Human Language in general. Question: Is this reasoning of mine in any way unfair to, or, simply, the result of misinterpretation/misrepresentation of, Chomsky's position? 

Assuming that a syntax textbook author is competent and well informed, in sum, what label he chooses to use at the root of a ‘sentential’ tree is often just a matter of pedagogical convenience and need not worry learners once they are aware of that trivial fact. What must trouble both learners and syntax teachers or professional syntacticians, but particularly the latter, is that too much of the highly articulated hierarchical structure currently assumed for sentential phrases has never yet been properly substantiated in either syntactic or semantic terms. That, of course, makes life very hard for those of us who teach the same students full-length courses (as opposed to mere lists of selected 'topics') in both syntax and semantics and like to start our teaching by promising them not to consider any structure or machinery that cannot be set in a transparent, compositional, relation with empirically testable aspects of the meaning of sentences and their parts. At present, such promissory notes are, to the best of my understanding, impossible to redeem unless one retreats into a much simpler view of sentence structure than is currently assumed in professional journals, and, to that extent, the decision of many textbook authors' to simplify things and analyse sentences in terms of just CPs and IPs, for example, is understandable. That does not mean that it is impossible for a predicate, in general, to be the apparent focus of a question, of course. In a yes/no question like Did he marry her? the VP marry her certainly counts, informationally speaking, as the focus of the question, but what the Q-operator really 'binds' (informally: 'questions, focuses on') in that clause is not the VP itself, but the polarity variable - ranging over the two t-type values {'true', 'false'} - associated with all clauses. Hence, the meaning of that question can be paraphrased as 'Is it true (or false) that he married her?', and, even more tellingly perhaps, the natural 'tag' that can be added to it is didn't he (or just not), as in Did he marry her or not/didn't he?, which clearly points to the clause's polarity value as the real focus of the Q-operator.