Welding a new stand plate on, for example, should be fine as long as you can weld the thin wall bicycle tubing. Look closely at the existing plate, most of them are kind of )o( shaped, with the tapered ends designed to give a gentle transition in the amount of force applied, so that the thin tubing of the bike can better cope with the load. Cheaper bikes sometimes fake this with tack welds, or just don't bother because the cheap tubing is thick enough that it doesn't matter. But then you go and load the bike to twice what it's designed for and it does matter. 

The slow change I'm seeing is that there are more "MTB parks" and so on with very easy trails, so it's more realistic for someone who rides with assist on the road to also ride the easier trails. The technology is also there now to conceal the motor to a large extend, reducing the reluctance of unfit people to buy one and go out riding with their fitter mates. At some point that tech crosses over with outright cheating in races, which we're also seeing more of now. 

For the Rider/Purchaser (not necessarily the same person) 

Getting a custom wheel built with exact components can be mildly annoying, and not necessarily cheaper or better than finding a decent bike shop and letting them recommend something for you. That way you get their warranty. I suggest a load bike shop like Practical Cycles (found via google, I've never been there or to any part of the UK). If you do that and they get it wrong, it's on them to fix it. The magic words are 

There was a case in NSW where a cop told someone on a "pedal scooter" (looks like a motor scooter, has pedals sticking out the sides) to turn the motor off and pedal it a few hundred metres, which the rider was unable to do. Ticket issued, court case lost. 

I don't know about "oft-cited", because I haven't actually seen any cited. But distinguishing these standard electric assist bicycle from the "electric trail bikes" that have been round for a while, I can guess some of the advantages compared to an unpowered MTB: 

Use a 26" wheel in whatever frame you have as you will be using disk brakes so it's easy. A slightly smaller wheel is slightly stronger. Also, look closely at the rear wheel of this thing. That's a 9 speed 20"/406 wheel with 36 spokes that I threw together the night before I left on that ride. Normally it had four large panniers plus stuff on the rack, but a band is more interesting to look at. It was still going strong several years later when it was stolen. Smaller wheels make everything easier. If I could suggest a 406 wheel bike for you I would 

Of course, none of this is actually new. The first power assist mountain bike I saw had a bunch of lead-acid batteries bolted to an early mountain bike, and that would have been before 1990. I've been seeing what look like reasonably capable MTeB's in catalogues and online for quite a few years.