For more information, see Women and the Priesthood. As to whether HIPAA erodes parental rights, maybe. Maybe not. With respect to parental rights and responsibilities, I would personally be inclined to argue in favor of HIPAA or HIPAA-like legislation for two reasons: Speculating into the Church rationale a little: It may be worth mentioning that in the general command to eat His flesh and drink His blood is given to a crowd / the general faithful. In this Last Supper discourses, however, Jesus is with "the twelve," with whom He often gives special commands and teachings not given to the general faithful. Thus, the Church may be concluding from this the command to consecrate the bread and wine is given only to the Apostles and their successors. This question actually touches on two topics. Within the scope of Roman Catholic doctrine, then, is it permissible to call these home prayer-centers altars or shrines of any sort? If not, what terms have been used by Roman Catholic Officials or Documents to refer to such a space in the home? There are a fair number of publications from the USCCB to the same regard: See here. a. seeks the truth fallibly, includes the possibility of significant error, but is guided by the Holy Spirit. b. this search for truth has the charism of certain fruitfulness. The faithful who seek new insights into the Faith, in accord with the teachings of the Magisterium proper, cannot fail to bear fruit that will last. c. is exercised by all the faithful by virtue of the Sacraments of baptism, confirmation, or ordination. d. is expressed in speculative theology, in discussions among the faithful, in sermons by ordained persons, and in non-official writings and discussions of Popes and Bishops. e. The Holy Spirit guarantees that this search for new insights into the truths found within Tradition, Scripture, and the teachings of the Magisterium proper will bear fruit that will last. f. assent is not required, except that all the faithful are required to assent to a sincere search for truth within Tradition, Scripture, and the teachings of the Magisterium proper g. anyone may dissent from particular ideas expressed in speculative theology, but no one may entirely dissent from the sincere search for truth within the Faith Firstly, according to the Church, Christ makes it very clear in John 6:41-58 that the literal, physical consumption of His body is ultimately intended. The phrasing used in this passage, particularly in the Greek, is very unambiguous. As compared to other passages, wherein Christ clarifies figurative language, in John 6, when pressed to clarify, he intensifies the language, using a more animalistic and "gory" verb to denote the eating/gnawing of His own flesh. Secondly, you've noted a sense of uncertainty about one's own salvation. And while I don't know that I could easily locate sources for this, it is a general attitude of the Church that each individuals salvation is uncertain. In general, we claim a great deal of ignorance as to who and how many are saved. Is Hitler in hell, for instance? We have no idea. Some individuals within the Church are pretty certain he is; others are hopeful he isn't -- that no one is. Summa Theologica, question 75, Article 2 further confirms some historical tradition of the belief in transubstantiation and that it through the act of consecration that the Lord makes Himself physically present in the species of bread and wine. Generally speaking, the attitude of the USSCB has shown that it's not the "universal" nature of the act that Catholics should necessarily oppose, but the nature of it which prevents moral and religious opt-outs. The need for "universal" health care is pretty-well recognized by the USCCB; but the lack of respect for religious freedoms and the explicit inclusion of items which are "not healthcare" is a distinct and highly important problem. So, there are two things to keep in mind: However, in Roman Catholicism, a Christian altar is "a table upon which the eucharistic sacrifice is celebrated ..." To illustrate that point of Catholic understanding, consider an umpire. Two teams and a host of onlookers assemble and agree, more or less, to operate under the ruling of an "ordained" umpire, whose job it is to represent [and enforce] the rules of the game. If anyone were free to step in at any time to make a call, the rules become blurry -- they have no unbiased body or icon on the field anymore. And if an this game, wherein anyone can step in to make a call, were to go on for too long, the rules would change in-play and the game would devolve in to chaos. Subsidiarity requires that needs be addressed at the lowest, most local possible level. But, the principle lives in conflict, in a manner, with solidarity, which demands that our concern lie with all people and the common good of all. Hence, while subsidiarity insists that matters are best handled by those closest to the people involved, solidarity insists that we keep a somewhat universal view and readily recognize the need to "escalate" matters. And health care could be argued from either end. Christ forgives the woman's sins and then commands her to sin no more. Forgiveness comes with a demand for repentance. Presumably, we can reject that forgiveness by neglecting to repent. Secondly, the Church sees the Last Supper as the formal establishment of the Eucharist. Christ says a blessing, the exact words of which are not included in the Gospel, but were undoubtedly remembered by the 12 and/or were simply commonplace blessings. He declares the bread and wine to be His body and blood. He distributes it. And He commands the disciples to repeat what He's done (by calling it a covenant in Matthew and Mark, and by also explicitly commanding it in Luke). Especially in the context of John 6:41-58, it's unambiguous in Catholic belief.