For a worse case, consider the definitions of mental disorders, these have been rewritten five times since the 30's. If I am running experiments on psychiatric drugs, that means that there are people who might not have met the diagnosis in DSM IV, but will in DSM VI. Whether or not my drug 'works', in the sense of reducing the symptoms of a given described disease, might depend on when I tested it. But getting abused to cosset the change-intolerant by the power-hungry does not change religion's basic nature or purpose. Lakatos, coming immediately after Popper, emphasized that Popper's criterion is good in spirit, but that theories can abide a certain limited range of exceptions as long as nothing truly better and equally simple comes along. In fact, he gave historical examples of theories that continue to protect themselves from known counterexamples almost indefinitely, without becoming truly compromised. There is a difference between admitting a range of exceptions and admitting tortured constructions that continually rescue the theory. Don't take this as an attack on old-fashioned medicine as a craft. There is a lot of room for effective unscientific medicine. People in the 1980's were still trying to prove that some second-order theory of the reals was consistent and complete. (I was a (largely uninterested) student of Gaisi Takeuti (of second-order cut elimination), and Lou van den Dries (of Real Closed Field theory), both of whose work even at that time could be seen as advancing different paradigms trying to converge in that direction.) Until then, it was contending with other established systems in terms of which it was simply wrong, starting from the assumption that species were individually created and held relationship to one another in terms of an overall design, meant to fit nicely together into niche structures for the best use of the environments available. If one simply took the data at hand and insisted upon a traditional interpretation, every newly discovered species fit nicely into the existing cladism, with no intermediary forms, so Darwin was immediately falsified.