I recommend two books that forcefully present two sides of this debate: 

and the Shaman says "my son, the secret is in loops, for loops are so mysterious." he then calls a few of your friends and sits you all in a lap circle like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDTpRUNIswQ 

Suppose you go to your village Shaman and tell him "oh master, I have seen a person sitting in the air as it were, levitating. how is this possible?" 

2) It increases your chance of an interesting chat with Socrates. 

I love the question and the answers by @Conifold and @Not_Here. 

It seems to me that if nature is absurd, then using reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics or philosophy of mind may be wrong and misleading - but nevertheless, philosophers continue to use it - maybe as someone who is stumbling through the dark and refuses to throw away a flashlight that ran out of batteries. 

Or would it be more justified in responding "I am not sure"? 

Could a philosophical zombie conclude "cogito ergo sum"? 

Philosophers often use reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics and philosophy of mind to make a point, to justify their position, or a thought experiment, or to reject a position or theory they do not like, but what is the point in all that if nature itself is absurd? 

The list of emotions comprises fear, anxiety, pleasure, joy, contempt, disgust, curiosity, hope, disappointment, expectation, exaltation, depressiveness. 

1) Because I do not completely understand the focus of your post, let me first deal with one claim which seems to be not covered by the title of the post: 

Added: What are possible objections? 

Your question operates on two different levels: On one hand you describe how people search natural explanations in daily life. On the other hand, you ask on a theoretical level 

Du Bois concludes: But as regards the enigma what matter and force are and how they are able to conceive, he [the investigator of Nature] must resign himself once for all to the far more difficult confession - "IGNORABIMUS!" 

I do not see a difference between utility and extrinsic value. In particular your example concerning the extrinsic value of money shows, that money is useful to obtain a certain goal. 

The concept of mind-space seems a risky term in this connection. Better calling the domain of experience mind-space. Because it is result of our constructive experience. The outer world of the thing-in-itself is sometimes named reality. But one has always to check how the author in question defines his terms. 

Also Greek tragedies often attribute the tragic in their hero's life to a prophecy which has not been understood by the receiver, e.g., King Oedipus by Sophocles. 

According to important voices from antique Greek culture Homeric Gods have "predictive power", i.e. that they have the capability to make prophecies. The most well known example is the Delphic oracle, an institution attached to the Olympic god Apollon. 

For both terms to think and to know philosophical definitions exists: 

Both laws are equivalent in propositional logic, which can be proved by inspecting their truth-tables. 

The principle of reductio ad absurdum is "A or non-A", the law of tertium non datur. Reductio ad absurdum proves "A" by refuting "non-A". 

Emotions are flexible (emotional conditioning): There is no fixed attachment which links a certain experience with a set of emotions. E.g., some people experience pleasure about a certain movie while others feel disappointment. 

In particular, all meaning is in the brain because the world-model is in the brain. 

Third mechanical law. In all communication of motion, action and reaction are always equal to one another. (A121) 

On the other hand, I consider Kant's introduction of the concept "thing-in-it itself", about which we do not know anything, a deep insight and a warning against a naive realism: We measure only what passes the filter of our instruments and we construct our knowledge from this input. Hence our knowledge about the external world is at first restricted in its scope. And secondly, it is branded with the characteristics of our mental capabilities. 

https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Popular_Science_Monthly/Volume_5/May_1874/The_Limits_of_our_Knowledge_of_Nature 

Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. 

You say: "PP is true to A' @ QE and the same PP need not be true to a' @ EQ". Here I prefer to refer to a subjective property of a proposition. This property is named certainty. Person A' is certain about the proposition PP, but person a' is not certain. Certainty is a two-place relation between a proposition and a person.