Hence Kants wants to save the fundamental concepts from traditional metaphysics. He accepts these concepts. His critique serves to defend them, not to question their qualification. During the history of physics before Einstein many different concepts of space or time were proposed, e.g. by Newton, Leibniz, Mach. 

First law of mechanics. Through all changes of corporeal Nature, the overall amount q of matter remains the same — neither increased nor lessened. (A116) 

I agree with Philip’s answer that Kant gave a clear definition of his concept of human dignity. But Kant was neither the only one nor the first one who published about this theme, e.g. see antique Roman philosophers or European philosophers of law in the 17th century. Nicht die Untersuchung vom Dasein Gottes, der Unsterblichkeit etc. ist der Punkt gewesen von dem ich ausgegangen bin, sondern die Antinomie der reinen Vernunft: „Die Welt hat einen Anfang -: sie hat keinen Anfang etc. bis zur vierten: Es ist Freiheit im Menschen, - gegen den: es ist keine Freiheit, sondern alles ist in ihm Naturnotwendigkeit“: diese war es welche mich aus dem dogmatischen Schlummer zuerst aufweckte und zur Kritik der Vernunft selbst hintrieb, um den Skandal des scheinbaren Widerspruchs mit mir selbst zu heben. Kant does not consider synthetical knowledge a priori the principle of induction. It was just the aim of Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science to show which insights can be derived without using induction. 

My opinion: In current philosophy such apologetic demand has lost much of its importance and interest. 

But more: Spacetime is a physical quantity. It is affected by other physical quantities like masses. The first confirmation of the resulting curvature of spacetime was the observed bending of light when passing near big masses like the sun. An actual confirmation would be the observation of gravitational waves (LIGO experiment). They are oscillation of spacetime due to the radiation of gravitational energy by the merge of two black holes. 

Kant takes up the concept in the passage from your quote. To link morality in the sense of being worth happiness on the one hand with obtaining happiness on the other hand, Kant employs a model of a rational world which is governed by a god, who provides eternal life for those who act morally. That’s my answer to question no.1. The answer is similar but not quite the same than your proposal of interpretation.