A new writer submitted such a story to my writer's group. The main character, referred to as "she," took a drink, picked up her trunk, and a few other things. In the end we discover she is an elephant. 

What would be the most interesting for your story? 

Here's a technique that can help: Identify each instance of he saw or he heard or he thought. If you're writing a close third person POV, you can often eliminate those by simply saying what he saw or heard or thought. Instead of: I think what happened is this: We readers want to feel involved in the story, involved with the character. As we read the words, we make mental images of what we're reading. We put ourselves into a reader's trance, guided by the written words. This trance is the reason we read. In general, we don't like anything that pops us out of the trance (awkward grammar, out-of-sequence actions, and so on). This story created a trance, then shattered it. That's jarring to the reader, and the writer had better have a very good reason for doing it, a reason that is worth it to the reader. Would the loss of the tattoos be troubling for the character? Do you want that kind of trouble in your story? If so, lose the tattoos. 

Finally: Perhaps the tattoos could be transformed in some interesting way. Maybe they shrink, or stay grownup size, or change form or color, or have an aura, or only certain people can see them, or they itch or burn as if they don't belong, or they confer some magical ability (which perhaps consumes the tattoos), or... 

What might make the loss of the tattoos interesting? What is the story behind each tattoo? What meaning does each tattoo have for the character? How strongly does the character identify with each tattoo ("this is part of who I am")? Do you want that sort of attention and conflict in your story? If so, make the tattoos survive the transformation. 

The writer's intention was to amuse us by exposing our assumptions. Unfortunately, not a single one of the half dozen reviewers was amused. Every one of us felt swindled. The writer did not expect this, and became very defensive. She did not return to the writer's group. 

Over time we train ourselves as writers to induce this reader's trance and not violate it. If our story stars a pair of buddies from page one, and one buddy is a foot and a half taller than the other, we want to say this right away so that the reader can form the right mental image. We don't want the reader to form a mental image and invest in that for 60 pages only to discover that it's wrong. That forces the reader to stop reading, rewind, and replay events with this new mental image. It shatters the reader's sacred trance.