Since the question has been updated, I thought I would flesh out my answer a bit, to better match the concerns listed. 

Now, this does not necessarily mean, however, that everyone is a moral absolutist. Here we need to be careful to distinguish between the various moral codes in play (i.e., is it permissible to murder, or drink alcohol on Sunday) and the various means of meta-ethical justification. All cultures agree that murder is bad, but there are a whole slew of ways that this dictum can be justified-- divine decree, the categorical imperative, utilitarianism, virtue ethics, etc. And, it is quite possible that for many people (and cultures) the justification is nothing more than so much hand-waving, and is merely accepted on pragmatic grounds, much as we accept that the stove is warm without grappling with Descartes's evil genius or solipsism or any of the other challenges to the philosophical claims of absolute knowledge. And it is this flexibility which allows the weak forms of moral relativism to flourish, whereby we defer to alternate moral codes (and justificatory schema) as long as a certain core of basic ethical strictures are maintained (roughly, again, we can point to the UN Charter on Human Rights as an example.) 

In other words: the only ethical violation would be a violation of a commitment (implicit of explicit) one made while taking part in the community. In practical terms, this would be spelled out in the Terms of Service, but from an ethical perspective, the more germane part would be the prima facie assumption that one recognizes that anything one publishes (and writing on a publicly visible site surely constitutes publication) would put the ideas in said publication out into the world for all to see and use unless one has taken explicit prior acts to protect said rights. 

What he actually wrote was the following: 

Now, obviously, both of the premises of the above syllogism are open to debate, and I'm not particularly motivated to try to defend either of these premises from the variety of criticism they may be open to; but I don't think there is anything about these positions that puts them beyond the pale of reason. 

From the combination of these two positions, it follows that to eat an animal (or use an animal product in any direct form) consists of treating said animal as a means to an end, and not as an end in itself. 

It certainly isn't theft (simpliciter) or even "theft of services" (read "theft of intellectual property") as there is no generally accepted ethical principle that would grant one exclusive rights to exploit the answers that are derived from a question one posed-- unless there is a contract stating otherwise. 

This leads us to my second point: that any attempt to apply Aristotle's notion to contemporary society is hopelessly anachronistic. Aristotle was writing about a society that was significantly different than ours. The eight-hour day, and the five-day work-week are less than 150 years old. The notion of a liberal education, available to all, regardless of birth, is somewhat older than that, but not by much. The fact that you are able to read this (or anything) already places you far outside of Aristotle's conception of a worker. Aristotle's workers were largely illiterate, extremely uneducated, and had no time to take part in the pursuits of the mind that Aristotle thought were necessary for citizens. The same cannot be said for the working class of today, and even if it were the case, we are (generally) committed to a democratic ideal of citizenship for all that is inimical to Aristotle's views on society. At the same time, the democracy of Aristotle's time was a much more direct democracy, expecting the participation of all citizens in the process of governing (and not just through election of representatives).