This question is not as rhetoric as it seems, though of course not accurate. But for the sake of the argument go on reading ;). You will, I assume, never establish your view by force. But you cannot respect the person by disrespecting her religion either. Because the weltanschauung is an integral part of the person, it is a part of the autonomy of this person. And dogmatism is in fact rejecting a part of a person's autonomy, and by this her dignity. They do reject the dignity in total, but assuming that dignity is absolute, the connection, although harsh, is there. 

While your intentions may be quite concrete, your maxims are already abstract/general. Maxims of acts, according to Timmermann in "Sittengesetz und Freiheit" (no translation available as far as I know, while some of this may be included in his Cambridge Edition of the Groundwork for Metaphysics of Morals) include a given end and its chosen means. In your example: You should rather ask for the meaning of what they say. And if they are not dogmatic, it will be that they believe in the existence and that there are proofs for the existence of God. This will be the point you will be able to enter a rational discourse with one another. Dogmatism in a more traditional understanding is saying that a particular religion is not only about statements to believe in, but about actual objective facts. 

So there can be no categorical imperative commanding suicide, no matter how casuisticly sophisticated the situation may be. Because duties are imposed by the categorical imperative (singular!). making, applying and enforcing laws, within a certain territory and with the aspiration of doing so as a monopolist, is part of the definition of political legitimacy. Here, Kant speaks of 'concepts of nature' and 'concepts of freedom', which 'attribute to the object' of nature/freedom, i.e. are constitutional for these objects. Subjective principles in contrast express how 'we proceed' in order to reach a given (and may it even be necessary, as eudaimonia and 'thoroughly interconnected experience') aim. They are therefore merely regulative. 

Ethics and morals as distinct Nevertheless, the very same introduction seems to suggest three different meanings or 'layers of reflection' of ethics/morals at the same time. The first one seems to me, though not explicitly stated, ethics in a narrower sense of simply living a (good) life or living according to (social) customs/habits. It is implicitly stated in the description of its 'meta-level', the (philosophy of) morals: 

Viroli's main thesis throughout the book is that the twist of the last chapter showed that although there may be immoral action throughout the reign of the prince, the ultimate role is that of a redeemer, of instantiating utopian ideals as real in a time of political chaos: Yes, there may be consequences that some individuals hold to be unintentional and undiserable. It will have negative consequences for the welfare of individuals that seem injust. But this is the framework of values we have given ourselves and made them constitutional for our society exactly because it is thought (with Kant) to be the best for human society as a whole. In fact, injustice will be done either way, because the causing acts are injust. This is why we need law (this is the standard thought e.g. of Kant, Fichte and Hegel in their philosophy of law). The borderline of your freedom is the freedom of others. Popper is reformulating the old idea of a social contract: (Hobbes), Locke, Rousseau, Kant, Fichte, Hegel, Rawls. As long as the weltanschauung of others does not harm you in practical execution, you have to tolerate it, no matter how your feelings about it might be. That is why social contract theories are often theories of natural law, restricting practices, not opinions. That's the reason why the above mentioned cannot possibly be tolerated even in the widest sense. But dogmatism should not be tolerated in any way. This whole argumentation is from a kantian view with kantian concepts and terms, the terms are well stated in his Metaphysics of Morals, part 1, Ak. 221-28 or in this argumentation. They are technical, philosophical terms. Do not confuse them with common language usage. And this argumentation is deliberately overdoing it to point out the problems and differences of both the positions of the opener as well as the kantian answer. 

Principles are rules. In ethics, they are rules about right and wrong action, like “If a person is innocent, it is wrong to punish him/her (or, you should not punish him/her).” Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. Etiquette is a set of rules for how to behave rightly or wrongly that are generally understood to be less serious than moral rules. One way of making the distinction is to say that societies can differ radically in their rules of etiquette without any negative consequences, but not in their rules of morality; on this approach, rules of etiquette are defined as the rules that can vary among societies without any bad moral consequences. So, no society that allows punishing the innocent is a moral society, and such a society may not be a stable society. But one society can make it right to pass people on the right, and another society can make it right to pass people on the left, as a matter of etiquette, and it doesn't matter — all that matters is that there is some standard for how passing should work.