In addition, each project team should not be expected to context-switch without a visible and costly penalty to productivity. Your organization is clearly missing both a Product Owner for each project and a scaled framework that can prioritize work across multiple projects. As a result, everyone treats their personal priorities as the priorities, and when everything is a "top priority" then nothing gets done. Unless you have further conversations with Dave to identify the limits of Sally's proxy authority, you should assume that she's speaking ex cathedra for Dave. By designating her as the proxy, he has transferred responsibility for promoting his vision to her, and it is her responsibility (not yours) to ensure that she doesn't overstep the limits of her delegated authority. In the meantime, by simple virtue of the fact that you're asking the question on the Internet rather than addressing his level of involvement directly with Dave, I'm going to assume that you don't have the organizational cachet to do anything more than gently raise a professional concern about it. Do so if it seems worth spending the political capital; otherwise, if the decision seems fixed, then accept it and begin working through your new proxy management layer. TL;DR Raise a question if, in your professional opinion, there are questions about how the proxy relationship will (or can) work for your project. If the change stands, work through your new proxy. Don't attempt to work around the proxy or to bypass her delegated authority unless you have political backing to do so. Even in a traditional waterfall environment, absentee management rarely results in a successful project. YMMV, of course. The responsibility for the success or failure of the project belongs to Dave, not to you or Sally. If the project fails to succeed, be prepared to address the lack of direct Product Owner involvement in a post mortem. Your organizational process clearly needs work. Consider Scrum, Kanban, and the available scaled frameworks like SAFe or a Scrum-of-Scrums. There's no silver bullet, but almost any formal framework will be better than what the organization is doing now. Your Capacity Planning and Prioritization Processes Need Re-Engineering You appear to be attempting to solve the wrong problem by treating this as an individual-availability issue. This is most likely because you have a weirdly-matrixed organization that isn't based around project teams or team capacity planning, but apparently based on the notoriously unsuccessful "Is Joe busy right now?" methodology. TL;DR Communications planning is an essential part of the project initiation process, and some methodologies (e.g. PRINCE2) include it as a formal documentation process for that phase. The specifics of your plan, as well as the pros and cons of any given control, are very situational. Specifics can't be effectively addressed outside the context of your organization or your project. Framework Considerations If you're practicing Scrum, Dave appears to be the Product Owner. See Scrum Roles for why this seems to be the case, based on his responsibilities. Political Considerations Dave has apparently already decided that his time is more valuable than direct interaction with the project warrants. He believes he has bigger fish to fry. So, Sally is now his proxy, and (politically speaking) you should respect that. Your project team may also identify other controls and processes that are better for your organization. Use this list as a starting point for developing your own project controls, but be creative and don't limit your project's potential by assuming that there's a ready-made solution already out there. Your team of eight should have a variable but generally predictable capacity. In Scrum, this is your velocity range over some trailing historical period. Whether or not you follow Scrum, this sort of historical estimate of future capacity is often your most accurate guide to determining whether a team may have capacity for additional work. Address Communications Within a Project Plan As a process question, there are certainly steps that should be taken as part of the overall project planning and management process. Regardless of the project management framework, the following list identifies basic steps you can apply to your project. What successful practitioners of any type know is that absentee Product Owners or the presence of Product Owner proxies rarely lead to successful outcomes for the project. The most successful projects require active, ongoing participation by the Product Owner in order to facilitate tight feedback loops and subtle micro-adjustments within each iteration. Communications impediments should be clearly identified as project risks in your project plan. Project controls should be designed to limit or remediate the risks. Any residual risk should be formally accepted by the organization. The costs to implement, design, and maintain the controls, as well as the costs of any residual risk, should be quantified and applied against the project's budget. All impediments, risks, controls, and costs should be made visible to project participants and stakeholders. Some Practical Suggestions It isn't possible for anyone outside your organization to determine all the constraints faced by your project, so there isn't a canonical list of ways to address language barriers on a project. However, here are some common-sense suggestions that may help your planning process.