Note that it is also important to properly center the hub in the dropout before closing the QR, otherwise the hub can get positioned off center. As mentioned this can cause rubbing or worse if you set the caliper when the hub is not properly settled in the hub, you will likely experience rubbing the next time you open and close the QR. 

Other disadvantages include complications introduced into the assembly and supply chain for the manufacturer, which would eat into profits. 

Wolf Vormwalde who was the main engineer for Continental tires before switching to Specialized has this to say: Light Supple High Volume Tires An exception to this generalization is light supple high volume tires, which are currently quite hard to find. These tires will also have low hysteresis and very low suspension losses as the supple construction means the flex easily and the large volume means you can run them at a lower pressure, there by greatly reducing suspension losses. On most real world road surfaces (especially open chip seal or gravel roads), these type of tires will be faster, than a narrower tire of similar construction due to the large difference in suspension losses. Look for city or touring tires. Road in bicycle means more of a racing tire. And something else to consider is putting some 35mm touring tires on your XC. 

Even if the fatter tires comes in contact with more glass is still distributes the load. Would you rather stand on a bed of nails of lie on a bed of nails. The other factor is the amount of mud you are going to carry. A fat tire is going to hold a lot more mud and get heavy. 

A fatter tire is more resistant to both pinch and puncture flats. But with normal mud and less than 6 inches deep then a thinner tire that will sink to the bottom for traction and might do better. 

I assume you have checked the wheel is true? I get you like the portability of the short axles but for long trips go with a trailer with a solid single axle. 

For sake of fair comparison I will use actual wheel size. For example ISO 622 is the same as both 700mm and 29". 

Race tires naturally have the shortest life. 

If the mud is viscous like clay and maybe leaves mixed and a fat tire can float and still get traction then the bigger tire is better. 

This play is exaggerated but the purpose is to show how much play affects alignment. 

It takes a volume of air to seat a tubeless. Even if you lube the tire it takes a volume of air to get it to pop onto the seat. Cannot deliver that volume with my floor pump. At the shop they remove the core to the presta and have this conversion tube they put over the open stem with a compressor on the other end. Another area I have found them useful is when we get a dump of snow, which melts and becomes slushy, followed by a precipitous drop in temperature which causes the ponds of slush to turn to ponds of ice. Here again studded tires excel. In 2012 when we got a big chill after slushy snow, the spikes were a godsend for about a couple weeks as I was able to ride across parking lot completely covered in ice without crashing. I could not turn sharply or lean into a turn, but if I was careful I could ride the ice lakes! Other disadvantages include complications introduced into the assembly and supply chain for the manufacturer, which would eat into profits. For another good discussion on light tread pattern and interlocking see Jan Heine's Optimizing Tire Tread article. 

Light Supple High Volume Tires An exception to this generalization is light supple high volume tires, which are currently quite hard to find. These tires will also have low hysteresis and very low suspension losses as the supple construction means the flex easily and the large volume means you can run them at a lower pressure, there by greatly reducing suspension losses. On most real world road surfaces (especially open chip seal or gravel roads), these type of tires will be faster, than a narrower tire of similar construction due to the large difference in suspension losses. 

The "sharpening a knife" sound you describe is likely the rotor lightly touching the brake pad (as mentioned in @Jackson's answer). This can happen if the rotor slightly is out-of-true (i.e., slightly warped) and the caliper isn't perfectly aligned. The sound can also come and go depending on how warm the rotor is. As you add heat the rotor (e.g., from braking) this can cause any out-of-true deflection to be more pronounced causing it to touch the brake pad with more force and hence a more pronounced sound. In terms of you only hearing the noise at speed, you may have braked earlier adding heat which increased the rotor deflection. When you hear the sound, stop, spin your rear wheel and look to see if the rotor is running true or has a deflection. The other factor is the amount of mud you are going to carry. A fat tire is going to hold a lot more mud and get heavy. Your best bet is to operate the tire in the pressure range on the tires. Check the air pressure regularly. 

It takes a volume of air to seat a tubeless. Even if you lube the tire it takes a volume of air to get it to pop onto the seat. Cannot deliver that volume with my floor pump. At the shop they remove the core to the presta and have this conversion tube they put over the open stem with a compressor on the other end. 

Mattnz bring up a good point on total commute time. A flat brings down the average and so does rain. A larger tire is more resistant to pinch flats. I happen to think a larger tire is less susceptible to puncture flats but not everyone agrees so let's leave that out. That route does not look it has a lot of thorns or glass so don't go with THE most puncture resistant like a Marathon Plus HS as a 622x32 weighs 810 grams and has poor rolling resistance. You can get tire with some puncture protection and good rolling resistance at 500 grams. An under inflated tire has poor rolling resistance - check pressure regularly regardless of size. Keep you bike maintained in general - a broken chain kills an average. In dry conditions and low traffic a 28mm is going to be fastest. A 32mm is going to be more durable and nearly as fast. On the ruff stuff a 32mm probably faster. A 35mm is going to be slower on the smooth stuff but I think faster on those bricks. Now mix in some rain. Those bricks looks slick in rain. That is where I go 35mm and bring the pressure down a bit. You also have an indirect factor on safely with a smaller tire in if your head is down to pick a line you are not looking up at the bigger picture. The other part is how long a commute. If it is short and you can hump it out is different then long enough that you need to conserve energy.