San Marino's wikipedia page says the following: 

The person who leaps to mind here is Dan Rostenkowsi, who for a decade when I was a kid was arguably the most powerful man in Washington as Chair of the House Ways and Means Committee*. His Grandfather immigrated from Tuchola, Poland, and his father was an Alderman in Chicago. That's essentially 1st generation Polish-American going straight into local politics, and 2nd into national. 

Europe was a technological and cultural backwater compared to the near east, India, and China until roughly the time the printing press became popularized (the mid 1400s). Another prominent theory is that it is tied to the date of the Vernal Equinox (exactly 9 months later to be precise), which of course indirectly also ends up placing it just after the Winter Solstice. 

* - No this has nothing to do with Nazi "Aryiansim". It was a minor difference over the mechanics of the Trinity, which ended up being far more important politically than theologically. 

The Irish countryside supposedly wasn't conducive to heavy cavalry charges, so the Brits needed a more agile and quicker mounted force. Robert Bruce is said to have employed them as well. After a while mounted archers started taking over the English light cav forces though. At the siege of Calis English forces included 5000 mounted archers, and only 600 hobelar. 

(Many books written in 20-th century were strongly influenced by powerful Soviet Communist propaganda, which completely distorted history. This includes many books by Western authors. Other books, much fewer in number, written by the "whites" are also usually driven by their agenda). 

That's why I called all this business political propaganda. At the time of October revolution, the Provisional government was headed by a right SR (Kerensky). Many other parties were represented in this government. It was called Provisional because its stated goal was to maintain the order until the Constitutional Assembly, which was supposed to establish a new constitution. EDIT. Moral: one should not punish the people (no matter how many cruelties were committed by them) but the individual war criminals. 

Yes, you are almost completely off track:-) The situation was a) much more complicated, and b) quickly changing with time during 1917-1918. What your teacher teaches you is unfortunately a complete nonsense and political propaganda. There were no "Ukrainians" until the 17 century, and the notion of "proto-Ukrainians" (as people who lived of this territory) is unscientific. Further, as TomAU and Sempaiscuba points out, much of the French military stayed with the surrendering government. Whether this was exasperated by distrust caused by things like the evacuation, or the scuttling of the French fleet is hard to gauge. 

It might not be the first reforestation effort in history - but it certainly predates the Karst. 

In regards to pilots from Metropolitan France not heading to England - many Czech and Polish forces (including pilots) fled over land borders into then-neutral Hungary and Romania in 1939 and were able to make their way to Britain in plenty of time to start being integrated into RAF and Army Command by the Battle of Britain in August 1940. Even then, it was a little while before they trusted to fly into combat. The English New Forest was planted by the conquering Normans in the 11th century, and replaced farmland that had been cleared about 1,000 years earlier. The soil around the area is very poor, and much of the cleared land had became semi-barren heath - so this is a very clear act of reforesting. The purpose of the reforesting was to provide the Norman nobility, particularly the king, an area to conduct hunting of game and deer.