In verse 49, as you have quoted it, this fellow is casting out demons in Jesus' name. As such, Jesus is still the one and only Way. This, along with the fact that Nazareth was teeny, tiny village outside of Sepphoris together draws a picture of a poor family. If a person doesn't capitalize He in regards to Jesus or the Holy Spirit, it is probably just an unintentional slip. Yeshoua (Joshua / Jesus) means "Jehovah Saves". When Jesus begins to preach in Luke 4, he overtly references himself as the promised Messiah of Isaiah. Love is thus the action first of God. The natural response of love, is then to return (or spurn) the love of the initiator. If my wife comes up to me and kisses me, for me not to return that love would be weird at best. Worship is that natural response of love to the One who first loved us. Again, if Jesus did not have the ability to sin, this statement makes no sense. Indeed, in his time, Paul was being accused not of not knowing who Jesus was, but rather of trying to claim the other disciples' experiences of his own. Hence Paul going out of his way in vs. 19 to distance himself from the apostles... Ruth was at very least very, very forward with Boaz. When she "uncovers his feet," there is at least the possibility of reading the euphemistic idea of feet as saying that Ruth seduced Boaz by sleeping with him. When Jesus was asked to choose the greatest command in Mark 12, he continues this theme of linking the law as an outgrowth of love: The Fig Tree is a metaphor for a vibrant, living thing that is supposed to be giving life. Like the tree in Psalm 1, the man who does not walk in the way of the wicked is: What we can say with a little more assurance (and here I'm leaving dispensationalism behind) is that in heaven, "We shall know fully, even as I am fully known." In other words, the closeness reserved for earthly marriage (which as you pointed out doesn't exist in heaven) is the level of intimacy we all will have in heaven*. As a present progressive, there seems to be an implication that we will be continually knowing and growing, which to me would imply new people to be known by. And, in the absence of sin, we would be able to know people much more fully than now Yesh'ua (Heb.) is rendered "Jesus" or "Joshua" today. It is his given name. It means "Jehovah Saves." Being as there is no image of Jesus that has any historical credibility, the question is based on a faulty premise. We simply do not know what Jesus' hair looked like. As Paul later would admonish Timothy, Jesus' followers must be "be ready in season, out of season." In 100% of the cases where a birth narrative is present, the miracle of God becoming man is mentioned. Indeed, in John, even where the birth narrative isn't present, the incarnation - that God became man - is explicit.