It seems the only chance we might have here to truly provide an answer would be direct revelation. Many religions explicitly invoke the limits of the capacity of our minds to truly understand Creation or it's meaning, more or less along the lines I am suggesting above -- that God transcends human understanding. Hence, at least for some, the answer is simply that: we are incapable of really knowing, though I can see why this might be somewhat unsatisfying. (Other sorts of faith traditions, as you suggest, supply various stories explicating God's motivations.) Finally, with regard to the drawings, Watson also notes that Given these differences in approach, sometimes even among thinkers who could be described as friendly, and whose work could be described as working through related questions, it is difficult to meaningfully answer this question as posed. Any philosopher worthy of the name will have serious doubts and pointed questions for those claiming the truth can be found only empirically, or only formally. Accepted scientific theories generally aren't proven wrong outright but rather superseded by more general theories that preserve most existing techniques -- as you suggest Einstein supplanting Newton simply didn't prove that Newtonian physics was "false". The simulation hypothesis is in a way very similar to the claim the universe has a creator, and unless these sorts of "external context" claims end up incorporated into a societal effort to repress innovation, these sorts of ideas certainly don't stop scientists and engineers from solving problems and building useful new things. At the very least: the same creative operations of reference, consistency and resonance are at work in philosophy as in art and science. What are the major points of Quentin Meillassoux's critique of correlationism? A scientific belief simply cannot be justified by any other means than the various evidences produced by scientific analysis and experiment. I'm not sure it's fair to demand that a theory be absolutely true; rather it should predict things, solve problems, teach us to build things -- and ideally indicate further directions to explore.