Below is a compiled screenshot of how you can replay completed missions from Wings of Liberty: * Currently the blog post has a WordPress error so read Google's cached version. Which leads me to my question: if you don't finish or abort a mission do earned achievements stick? 

What is being referenced in the second part of the “Evolution Mission” for Roaches? Your mid-mission saves are not stored in the cloud. They are stored locally on your computer's harddrive. The Battle.net blog post Campaigning on the Go* explains how Star Craft 2's campaign progress cloud storage works. 

So there's a definitive answer if you still had access to your save files you could transfer them between machines. The post details the following about what is stored online: As far as what is stored locally on your machine: 

Thus far every time I have earned a campaign achievement in StarCraft 2 I have also finished its associated campaign mission. This is fine when playing a mission for the first time but on subsequent replays I'd rather just earn the achievement and then quit the mission. When I reached the area pictured below a scripted event starts showing a girl unit named Maye chased by two creatures named Onyx and Diamond. Between the multi-colored crystals and the named units Blizzard seems to be referencing something here. However, I have no idea what. Where does your opponent spread to? --> Scouting How can I efficiently prevent or deny him from spreading out? --> Harassment What unit composition will he use to overwelm me? --> Scouting As your opponent has Zerglings and Banelings or Roaches, your Marines will not help you in preventing him from the spread. They aren't fast for scouting purposes either. But, there is an unit in the Terran repository which answers these three questions quite well! The Hellion: 

Why does an attack I planned fail? Turn your opponent crazy! But secure your expansions against a counter attack... Every time you search breaking news is requested from customer.teliacarrier.com. Overlord to drop his units in the mineral line, or a Nydus Worm (but not on this map). 

Ugh... What went wrong at Protoss' side? 

So, once your harassment is in place forget about it. Instead, work towards your next harassment. 

Yes, hit F12, Zerg Units, Banelings and check Weak Against. Check the same for Marauders... ;-) In a 1:1:1 setting, I found a replay for you that has a mix of game-play summed up in this answer. You need to be aware of this information, it allows you to know when to switch between building drones and building army. Placing some overlords and zerglings near the opponent in the right place to see incoming units is a vital thing, this gives you the right amount of time to produce the right amount of units.