In the 17th and 18th century, both monarchs and proto-dictators like Cromwell did a fairly poor job of controlling public opinion in this way. Public opinion was anywise a new invention: the public had no opinion until newspapers were invented and told the public what their opinion was. The official attitude was mostly expressed negatively, through the suppression of material believed to be subversive. Pre-publication censorship persisted until 1695. Contra the comments to the question above, free speech was not yet a secure principle. British constitutional history, unlike American, doesn't have many bright lines. The Glorious revolution had increased religious freedom, but less so political. Even after the licencing act lapsed, it was still possible to get arrested for something which displeased powerful people, through the sedition or libel laws. It varies. A lot. Someone who draws the wrong lessons from history may suffer as much as he who learns nothing from it. How do you know for certain what lessons are wrong? I wish I knew. Also, neither the Beiyang government nor the Kuomintang could rule anything in the same way that Mao did. Chiang was more like a mediaeval European king, who got the allegiance of warlords, by being the strongest warlord around. Edit: a user pointed out that Ukraine and Belarus called themselves people's republics during their brief independence from ~1917 to ~1922. In the same period, several countries, including Azerbaijan, Georgia and Hungary called themselves democratic repulbic. All of these countries were more or less genuine democracies, as much as the war and general chaos would allow, but none of them survived. William and Mary II were England's first (and only) dual monarchs. So for them, either could sign. This may sound like William and Mary were just burying their heads in the sand. If they were, it worked. Pressure for reform remained, but no serious attempt to establish a republic was ever made again. First, what is an official attitude, and did one exist in Williamite England? I can't give a definitive answer to a broad question like this: In other words, what is the benefit of retrospective analysis for dealing with the future on a political level? The term people's republic was coined by the loyalist side in the Spanish civil war. It was intended to suggest a republic which would guarantee the welfare of all its citizens; their economic rights as well as political. Up to Henry VII, sovereigns always had to grant consent in person. From the time of Henry VIII, monarchs have been able to grant assent by sending a group of privy councillors to do it on their behalf. This became the norm. Apparently the last occassion assent was granted in person was 1854. So in other words, the Queen consort never had any role in granting assent. Either the king had to do it himself, or he could send members of the privy council. William and Mary did not use this power to suppress praise of Cromwell. Although they didn't want to associate themselves with a regicide, there were obvious parallels between the rebellions against Charles I and James II. Both were Stuarts, both were friendly towards Catholics, both tried to do without parliament. A modern analogue is the pacto oviedo in 20th century Spain, which means the pact of forgetfulness. After the return of King Juan Carlos, Spain agreed not to pursue claims of revenge or justice against either side in the civil war, and instead to just put the whole thing to bed. A similar thing happened in contemporary England. There were a few diehard republicans, but they were left unmolested because they had no prospect of achieving a return to Cromwell's system, or to anything still more radical. It was adopted by the east European countries, as a supposed third way between bourgeois democracy and the dictatorship of the proletariat. Of course now we know that all the coalitions were just a stepping stone to communist takeover. Presumably the non-communists who used the term, like Eduard Benes of Czechoslovakia, were sincere when they used it. After the Stuarts' Restoration in 1660, Cromwell's name had been traduced. Even his dead body was defiled. If the House of Orange had joined in with that, they basically would have been admitting that the deposed Stuarts were the rightful rulers of England. Likewise if they had robustly defended Cromwell, they would have revealed themselves as lawless usurpers, just like him. It was best to just gloss over him as much as possible. If there had been a large number of works praising Cromwell, William and Mary might have been forced to reckon with Cromwell and make a decision one way or the other, but this didn't happen. If we're talking about the Kuomintang, then what's known as the Nanking Decade was when they held maximum power. Ever heard the phrase 'generals are always fighting the last war'? It's poignant applied to France and Britain's strategy during the Second World War, when they assumed, based on WW1, that the advantage would always be to the side using a defensive strategy. That's why they constructed the 'Maginot Line' and refused to attack Germany. In modern times, governments try to influence public opinion by the use of spokesmen in democracies, and propaganda in dictatorships. They have a 'line' on this or that issue which they repeat, hoping to make it catch on. I suppose this is what you'd call an official attitude. Some countries go to the lengths of writing an official version of history which no one is allowed to deviate from, but most democracies don't go that far.