The Supreme Court held that Congress had occupied the field on immigration: Congressional regulation was sufficiently comprehensive that there was no room for states to pass any laws controlling immigrants. So, states cannot criminalize illegal immigration because the federal laws on the matter don't leave any role for them. Furthermore, states can't give their police the authority to arrest immigrants without warrant for being removable, because that's giving them more power than federal immigration officers (who normally need a warrant), and undermines the fact that Congress normally requires a warrant before making those arrests (increasing federal discretion). No, this law would not be upheld. We know because this actually happened: Arizona passed a state law making it a state crime to be in violation of federal alien registration laws (which automatically includes illegal immigrants) and giving state and local law enforcement the power to arrest people if they had probable cause to believe the person had committed some crime making them removable from the US. The United States filed suit against Arizona, and the Supreme Court struck down those provisions (as well as one making it a crime for an illegal immigrant to seek employment in the state, which had no federal counterpart) in United States v. Arizona as being preempted by federal authority. Federal preemption doesn't just apply if a federal law explicitly preempts state law, nor even just if there's a direct conflict between the two. There are two more cases where it applies: The same article also states that he can place a different running mate in other states: According to this BBC article which includes a timeline of the events, Flynn first spoke to the Russian ambassador in the US on Dec 28: As it's widely reported now, Jill Stein's raising money to request for a recount in the states of Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Non-opinionated answers with sources are appreciated. If so, does it require the approval of other countries in the trade deal or can the US just rejoin it by (maybe) issuing another Executive Order? The reason that the VP succeeds the President is that only the President is impeached and convicted. The impeachment does not include the Vice-President or his cabinet officials. So, all of these led to a crisis of confidence, making its debt a big problem. However, there are also other reasons for the delay. Firstly, it may be delayed by the Office of Government Ethics as they can't review the nominees' financial reports until the administration submits them. The administration has been slow to send the nominees' financial information to the OGE, according to an OGE spokesman. Basically, most of Trump's nominees are still awaiting to clear the respective Senate committees. Reduction of a sentence is not technically considered pardoning. A President can pardon someone who hasn't be charged. Pardons make an individual immune to any conviction in future.