Issues like contradictions with reality or internal inconsistencies in the sources pose themselves for any religious texts, and numerous strategies for trying to mediate them have developed over time and are used to support the claims of any major religion. As with any argument, these issues boil down to a matter of how convincing something is. Due to its own doctrines, Islam faces some challenges that other religions do not face in the same manner: 

According to "reliance of the traveler" (the translation by Nuh Ha Mim Keller), to my knowledge the most important shafi'i manual of fiqh, prayer is fardh from the time a person enters puberty, as is fasting. Puberty is one of: How would one interpret matters that could be contradictory? Like if a hadith and a verse in the Quran contradict each other. Would one look at that in a more objective way? I.e. analysing it in-depth or just saying "I just found a contradiction!" and ignore other acceptable explanations? How would one know what true contradictions are (if there are any), and which aren't? 

If this did not address the specific question you had in mind with that bullet point, please address it in a comment. Let me start with what I consider to be the only relevant difference between a Muslim and a Non-Muslim in this regard: when confronted with a part of Islam that contradict state of the art science, his ethical impulses and convictions, or his aesthetic intuitions, the Muslim will feel the need to reconcile such a conflict, however imperfectly, because he believes Islam to be of divine origin; the Non-Muslim will not feel such a need, because he is not convinced of Islam's claimed divine origin. This is the only difference: the Muslim is convinced that Islam has divine authority, the non-Muslim is not. Could one base his understanding of Islam by the more salafi way of understanding it? i.e "well the salaf says this, and believes this... therefore this is Islam". 

As for understanding the "true meaning" of Islam, this is an area where the question whether or not it really is of divine origin is relevant. If Islam is what it claims to be, then following the opinions of orthodox Islamic scholars is the way to go - by this i mean that following scholarly consensus seems the best available way to follow the intended meaning of the texts on those issues where there is consensus, and that following respected scholarly opinions on disputed issues will at least absolve one of potential mistakes in those opinions since they were arrived at by a faithful and well-intentioned deduction from the texts. If Islam is not what it claims to be, i.e. the Quran is not the literal word of an omniscient, omnipotent, unique God, then assessing it historically - as you would any other religion that is no longer believed to be true by anyone, such as ancient Greek religion around Zeus, ancient Norse paganism (although it is experiencing a revival), etc. - will lead to different conclusions. Of course this historical assessment would include "what did and do Muslims believe is the true meaning of Islam?" 

How would one avoid choosing opinions that increases ones reason of not believing in Islam as a religion from God? After these initial thoughts, back to the question of your last bullet point: how do we evaluate arguments that are intended to resolve problems within Islamic doctrine. While this is from a shafi'i source, I have not seen any other opinions from any of the other sunni madhhabs, with the caveat that I do not know whether they also impose an upper bound on age, and if so, which one. With that in mind, the question of whether or not the surviving opinions of the salaf on one matter or another should dictate how we evaluate the legitimacy of modern Islamic discourse from the point of view of Islam itself is not one that poses itself to the Non-Muslim because he is not convinced that there is a divine intent behind Islam. What the Non-Muslim will do is look at the way in which Islam was expressed and understood over time. 

How is ones attitude towards scholars and their opinions? Could one agree with scholars opinions which surely are based by their fundamental rules, which might not be the same as yours? 

This question seems to aim at whether or not the Non-Muslim is biased towards wanting to disprove Islam. As before, I'd like to point out that that is not what an honest person does - an honest person is also not biased towards ignoring the flaws of arguments that support their favored view.