Not Citizen-Specific Most other protections are extended to non-citizens. A lengthy discussion was published in the Thomas Jefferson Law Review, but really it's self-evident from the text of the Constitution. For example, first-amendment freedoms are really a prohibition for what Congress can do: 

The course materials included a youtube video that I can't locate. It was a man in a city council meeting (in the US) angrily supporting some view. When questioned with some fairly innocuous questions, his face literally turned red and he started shaking from the rage of having his viewpoint questioned. That is an extremist. 

Additionally, the terms "left" and "right" are imprecise for any rigorous thinking. They are a kind of social shorthand that is really only useful for talking to people who generally understand the world the same as you. 

The second definition is somewhat more robust: a person isn't belief because of their belief, but because of how they maintain it. They are unwilling to compromise or change their beliefs, even in the face of evidence or reason. They are passionate about their beliefs, even in times when it is otherwise socially unacceptable. Anyone with a different view was the enemy. Their ideology explains everything of importance with no possibility of being wrong. 

We can agree that Nazism is morally bad. One who subscribes to being a Nazi is suggesting that the holocaust was justified. 

That is indeed correct. However, I would like to answer this with several arguments. 

The Hammer and Sickle is a symbol for many communist regimes. To ban this symbol is to show extreme disapprobation to all these countries. It is questionable whether many people even though some of these regimes. 

It is irrelevant whether communism will ultimately lead to failure. Consider the following eco-political theory, which I will dub the Pigeon Theory: 

Nazis are a specific group of people who have committed atrocities in Europe. It is directly linked with the idea of Racial Superiority and Antisemitism. 

History have shown that many capitalist regimes failed on several levels. It has shown that many democracies failed (and are failing) on several levels. It has shown that many of all form of government fail on several levels eventually. Communism have failed quicker than many though. Can communism work on a state level? History cannot prove that it can't. Economic and political systems continues to grow and adapt. What was considered to be the pinnacle of government 500 years ago is considered barbaric today. What is considered to be an ideal democracy today will be considered hilariously outdated in 100 years. 

That's why there are frequently demands for legislation to make lobbying more transparent. By making it clearer which politician gets influenced by whom, the whole political process which leads to a decision becomes more visible to the public, and politicians are motivated to listen to contrary viewpoints to avoid accusations of being influenced by just a single organization. 

ยง130 of the German criminal code (Public Incitement) forbids to call for violent actions against groups of the population based on nationality, religion or ethnicity or against individual people because they belong to such a group. The same paragraph also forbids holocaust denial or approval ("assault the human dignity of the victims by approving of, denying or rendering harmless the violent and arbitrary National Socialist rule"). 

The German criminal code also has the ยง166 which forbids to insult religious groups in a way which may cause civil unrest. In the light of the recent attack in Paris, this "blasphemy paragraph" is again matter of public discussion. There are both people who want to make it stricter as well as those who want to abolish it completely.