The soulstone is still intact, along with the souls of the seven evils inside of it. We killed the physical manifestation of Diablo, but his soul and the souls of the six other evils along with potentially the soul of Leah are still contained within the soulstone, which is somewhere in Sanctuary. 

The other thing to bare in mind, is that as more players get into this difficulty, the value of the market will begin to decrease over time as more items will become available to more players - again further demonstrating the inability to give a definitive answer to this question. Each clear should take no more than 5 minutes. Zoltun Kulle - will enrage, using his 'Ceiling Collapse' ability more frequently, and for more damage after three minutes. 

This gives me an error code - BLZPTS00007 - which gives me a few more google hits including a seemingly official guide on how to troubleshoot agent issues on Battle.net, however performing the steps listed under 'Advanced Troubleshooting' still hasn't resolved my problem. Development Hell is a crypt full of zombies and wretched mothers dropping very little, and one elite which gives you a Feat of Strength: "Smash! Jay, Smash!" (Kill the unburied Jay Wilson). 

With 5 stacks of Nephalem Valor you will still get at least one rare from a boss, with less than 5 there is no guarantee. Blizzard want you to farm elite packs rather than bosses and have adjusted the guaranteed drops from bosses and elite packs in the 1.0.3 patch: 

After leaving the installer for ~30 minutes, it finally brings up an error stating it could not run the Blizzard agent; The Demon Hunter class does not gain specific bonuses for simply using certain items in certain slots - the exception to this of course is based on the type of bow you use when using the Archery passive ability - but for the instance of shield vs quiver, there are no bonuses. 

To help hit that goal we’re lowering the number of guaranteed Rare items on bosses when you have your full five stacks of Nephalem Valor from two guaranteed Rares to one guaranteed Rare (you still have a very good chance at multiple rares, it's just no longer guaranteed). In exchange, all champion and rare packs will now drop a bonus guaranteed Rare item when you have your full five stacks of Nephalem Valor. The change benefits players with more overall drops, and a reason to push to continue progressing. Boss enrage timers appear to be specific for Inferno difficulty only 

I find the first quest of Act 1 on Inferno is a good place to farm gold after the nerfs to the other hot spots recently, essentially start from the 'Rumford at the gate' quest, and clear the area outside of New Tristram followed by clearing Old Tristram, killing the 3 Wretched Mothers and the Queen, and then returning the quest and starting all over again. 

The only thing that I could see you doing while advertising that might cause issues is if you ultimately end up spamming trade too frequently to get yourself seen, or bumping your forum post on the official forums too frequently. Blizzard's general rule on this is not to bump any thread of this nature until it falls off the first page.