Stack Exchange was built to be a long-term repository of knowledge, not a repository of information that expires every six months. In this situation, I think it would make more sense if I was brought back to that post I was working on in the first posts queue, as soon as I acted on that first suggested edit. The same goes for other queues (late answers, low quality, late answers, etc.). The suggested edit should be shown in the same kind of pop-up as on a question thread page. Another reason to bring back the suggested edit indicator is that on smaller sites (i.e. not on SO), the suggested edit indicator is often 0. So a lot of people with the requisite privilege don't keep checking the review queue, they wait for the indicator to appear. Without the indicator, suggested edit reviews will be significantly delayed. In summary, concept 1 is horrible. If it needs closing, it needs closing, so it'll have to go through the close review queue or some equivalent mechanism at some point. Concept 1 These shapes and colors violate the “don't make me think” rule. A number next to the word “review” is quite plausibly a number of reviews; even if I don't know exactly how that number is calculated, I know enough to not worry more about what it is. What the hell does a yellow triangle mean? If you don't have the technical knowledge to edit the answer, that's fine. Skip the review item. P.S. By the way, there is a solution to your problem, based on current AU policies: when a release expires, have moderators go through the tag for that release and delete all questions (or start by closing if you want to allow a last-ditch review). If there's a clearly applicable policy, moderators can enforce it, there's no need to go through any voting process. (Conversely, if there isn't a clearly applicable process, then the review system is needed — and your complaint here is invalid.) Still, I don't like concept 2, because it hides the information. I can't passively notice that the number is going up the way I can do if the number is displayed: it would often come to a pixel-sized distinction. Speaking specifically as an occasional AU close reviewer, I find it difficult to review off-topic votes. Part of the reason that the UI sucks: either I'm only told that a question is off-topic with no indication of why, leading to puzzlement for questions that are obviously about Ubuntu… Most damning, this doesn't solve the real problem! The real problem is the inaccuracy of the number, and mostly the fact that the number can be nonzero even when I have nothing to review. The progress bar that you propose would lie just as much. Furthermore, you want to introduce three colors for a symbol, two of which are identical to the color of an unrelated element; and making a color distinction for intensity clashes with the color distinction already made for type. That's bad. But another part of the reason why reviewing questions about old Ubuntu release is that not only do I need to remember which releases are supported at the moment, but under the current policy I also need to know which releases were supported at the date the question was asked. I've gone ahead and edited the answer, I think I've added in all the relevant information from the comments. Reproduced in Chrome 31.0.1650.57 (where I do have a few userscripts) and in Firefox 25.0 with Greasemonkey turned off. In Chrome, I see this in the Javascript console: There's already a way to do this: I do, however, see my own suggested edits normally. Furthermore, I do see suggested edits normally when not logged in. Create a sockpuppet account. Gain 15 reputation (50 for closure). Profit Flag the offending post as very low quality (or to close it). That's an argument in favor of your request. When creating a sockpuppet is the most straightforward to solve a problem, something's wrong. If step 3 is “profit”, what's wrong is that you shouldn't do it. But here it's for the benefit of the site, so a better collective workflow is desirable. You even seem to have realized that the answer needs to be edited. If an answer needs to be edited, it means it's worth keeping. The definition of a low-quality answer is that it is unsalvageable and needs to be deleted. An answer that needs editing is not a low-quality answer and doesn't need flagging. The disappearance of the suggested edit indicator is the only change that I can think of to explain this significant increase. Alleviating the problem The most bothersome aspect of the review indicator is that it shows that there's stuff to review even when there isn't. I don't really care if the indicator shows 150 when there are only 120 items that I can review, but I do care if the indicator shows. An answer should be deleted if it does not contain any content to someone who may be looking for the answer. A code-only answer may be deletion-worthy in some circumstances — for example, if the same code is contained in another answer with explanations, or if the code is completely irrelevant (and even in that last cast the normal reaction should be a downvote). But if you do not have enough technical knowledge to ascertain that the code is useless, then you should skip that review. The content of completed review items is missing. Here's a screenshot from the reopen review queue on Stack Overflow, but I'm seeing this everywhere: SO, graduated and beta sites, in all queues, and whether or not I have 10k privileges. No, absolutely not. It would be a major UX throwback. Why would we ignore a critical aspect of the problem? … or I have half my screen wasted in generic guidelines that obscure the question when I scroll: Generalizing away from AU, I don't see how you would “block good, old, answered posts getting anywhere near the close queue”. If someone is voting to close something that they shouldn't, that's a problem, but not one that can be solved automatically: educate the user, and if that fails, ban them. If the rules are so confusing that there's a lot of disagreement as to what should be closed, that's a sign that the rules may need to be revised. But in the end, if something needs closing, it needs closing, no matter how old or “good” it is (how would the system judge that? We know very well that score is no indication of on-topicness or of admitting non-primarily-opinion-based answers).