But Kant asserts that we must have this form of noumenal self. He makes very different arguments for this depending on where in his moral works you are reading. In the Groundwork, he claims he can prove this. In the Critique of Practical Reason, it becomes more a fact of reason that this is true. And in later works, the picture gets complicated as he handles cases of habit. Note that we are not required to agree with Kant. If you're a reductionist physicalist, then his theory probably won't work for you in the standard form. But there are contemporary appropriations of Kant that might, such as Christine Korsgaard's constructivism -- whereby she believes we are committed to Kantian principles of agency insofar as we are agents. She does some rather elaborate footwork to keep parts of his ethics while jettisoning his account of metaphysics across her texts Sources of Normativity and Creating the Kingdom of Ends. Basic pattern = object -> representation -> thing. Object is something we can really think about. Representation is something we see/sense. Thing is something we don't encounter. (Again, his technical terms). I have an obligation to keep others from peril and an obligation not to hurt people. So I'm obligated to try and save one of them, but in doing so, I ensure the death of the other. This seems to be fundamentally different than the trolley problem. Saving one person does not entail dooming another, previously uninvolved party---and yet it means the person I did not save is certainly doomed. Providing counterexamples completely misses the point. Kant's task is to start essentially at the beginning, by analyzing the pure concepts of morality, duty, freedom, etc, and to see what he can make with them. While we would of course like to have the results of this investigation match up with our every moral intuition, we cannot possibly require this. Then we would be stipulating the correctness of our intuition, something which we have no justification for. If we are unable to literally escape* being submitted to unethical treatment, do we simply have to grin and bear it? 

The best response to a "counterexample" to Kant is, "So what?" From the Groundwork section 2, emphasis mine: 

Of course you can try to win a game of chess. You shouldn't play someone at chess simply to win, but rather because you want to have an enjoyable experience with them. And you're not contradicting their rational will by struggling with them for victory, because they do not in fact have a will but rather a wish to win. Winning a game of chess is not completely in our control, but rather relies at least in part on the actions of another, so while we can desire it, we cannot will it in the same way we would, say, will that we stand up. 

A small note: All of that is seperate from the morality of any given action, but I find most of the really repugnant conclusions stem from a misunderstanding, or an artificially constrained set of options. 

For instance if two people are being lowered into a pit of lava. I can pull one lever and save one, or pull the other lever and save the other, but if both levers are pulled, both die. Note that we are not required to agree with Kant. If you're a reductionist physicalist, then his theory probably won't work for you in the standard form. But there are contemporary appropriations of Kant that might, such as Christine Korsgaard's constructivism -- whereby she believes we are committed to Kantian principles of agency insofar as we are agents. She does some rather elaborate footwork to keep parts of his ethics while jettisoning his account of metaphysics across her texts Sources of Normativity and Creating the Kingdom of Ends. 

I think it's easiest to understand it if we start with what Kant wants in a moral theory. Roughly speaking, Kant is hoping for a theory where the moral self using universal reason is able to decide what it morally ought to do and then where the self has the freedom to will this action. But Kant asserts that we must have this form of noumenal self. He makes very different arguments for this depending on where in his moral works you are reading. In the Groundwork, he claims he can prove this. In the Critique of Practical Reason, it becomes more a fact of reason that this is true. And in later works, the picture gets complicated as he handles cases of habit.