If it's your desire not to help them, just be one of the remaining 5% and don't enter "beyond". Entering Update, one year later: For Winter Bash 2014, we switched to using SVG images, and you can now rotate and scale your hats. Sure. In most cases, the room owner is more or less arbitrary, because it's just the person who was first to create the (e.g.) PHP room. But of course it makes sense to have several owners, especially for rooms that are quite active and have developed their own "style", and have those owners be people who know their way around. Update: Meta is now running on jQuery 1.7.1, we'll be monitoring it for issues for a while and then roll it out to the rest of the sites. As others have said, you might want to question your motives for this request. Given that he's by far the most active one in the room (and nobody objected when I asked), I've made ircmaxell owner of the PHP room; he can make other people owners himself then. You can see the whopping 32 times it happened in the last month on Stack Overflow, or for example the 0 questions on android last month. Symantec have been busy laying off all my previous workmates in Australia, turns out development is cheaper in Estonia. Once you sign up you will be able to choose to display this recommendation on your profile. This is now implemented, moderators can convert posts to comments. They can also choose to retain the comments on the posts. After I invite a user to join careers I would like to check out their public profile. Chat gets its own icon in the taskbar. Chat gets to run in its own process without the slew of plugins I have installed in firefox. We can have a sys-tray notification on @mentions Now (1) and (2) are pretty easy, however the systray stuff would require a custom javascript file in the bundle that interacts with the exposed xul api I used another duplicate target as the one another user suggested which had just one vote until the time I voted to close. However, this first duplicate (which I found less useful than mine), was still on top in the duplicate notification. If you force other users to wait until they can vote to close, the question is long gone and will probably never get closed, since no one sees them. This is bad for the quality of the site. We don't close questions to bully people, it is quality management tool. Upvoting should go without reputation loss. If only those with sufficient reputation can keep voting, this will have a bad influence on the site and will give a negative sentiment, something like "Sorry I don't upvote you. You have enough reputation already and I don't want to lose mine." Can't we just educate users when to flag and (temporary) flag ban those users who have proven to consistently misuse this feature?