Simultaneously, the God-man must be willing to make the sacrifice. Anselm cites Isaiah 53:7 ("He was made a sacrifice, because he willed it") and John 10:18 ("power to lay down his life and take it up again") to argue that Jesus did in fact sacrifice himself voluntarily (2.17), and contends that other passages, like Philippians 2:8–9 and Matthew 26:39, do not contradict this understanding (1.9). This seems to indicate that at some point in the past, he was unsure or unsatisfied with the wording of the creed, but later decided that it was acceptable. I find this weak evidence for the "did not agree" claim. Furthermore, this sermon was delivered in 1775, when Wesley was 71 years old, making me doubt the "later in his life" claim (though he did live another 16 years). Quality The quality of the Didache is also sometimes cited as a rationale for rejecting the work. Henry Clay Vedder's analysis is typical: Anselm argues that if given the choice between disobeying God, and allowing the destruction of the universe and everything in it, that the former option is still a sin: and that this gives us an idea of how bad sin is in God's eyes. (1.21) In the Greek-speaking Eastern Empire, Greek fathers like Maximus the Confessor and John of Damascus wrote into the early medieval period. Their influence on the Western church was perhaps not as great as that of Latin fathers like Jerome, Augustine and Gregory the Great, who were more associated with, and geographically close to, Rome. But it was Great Schism, beginning in the 11th century, that ultimately resulted in Greek-speaking populations disassociating themselves from the Catholic Church, leaving Latin without a significant competitor. What is an overview of the theological differences that led to distinct approaches to unwanted State innovation and overreach in the West and East? Bede The primary historical account of the origin of Easter comes from Bede's De temporum ratione (The Reckoning of Time, AD 725). He presents the first view mentioned above, that the word comes from Eostre, the name of an ancient Germanic goddess. He writes that this goddess had a month of celebration devoted to her, and that Anglo-Saxon Christians in early Medieval England appropriated that name for their celebration of the resurrection: Nonetheless, these authors agreed that at least for some fetuses, this passage teaches that abortion is murder. At least partially due to a faulty translation, these authors held that early abortions were not murder, and some made it explicit that they were instead finable offenses. The first major Christian theologian to write primarily in Latin was Tertullian (155–240): his association with a heretical movement is all that prevents him from being universally considered the first of the "Latin Fathers." Jerome provides a brief summary of his early life: In other words, "Your whole structure (Yes) must be changed." Similarly, in the Apostolic Constitutions (380), Book 2, Section 7: That is, what is the scholarly consensus, and the basis for that consensus, on Calvin's involvement in the writing of Cop's fateful address? Note that these are simple representations of complex movements, so lines connecting one tradition with another won't provide the whole picture. But this should help get you started in seeing the big picture of Christian traditions. Synesius (AD 370–480), Bishop of Ptolemais, also taught the concept, and in a prayer that has survived, he says: "Father, grant that my soul may merge into the light, and be no more thrust back into the illusion of earth." Others of his Hymns, such as number III, contain lines clearly stating his views, and also pleas that he may be so purified that rebirth on earth will no longer be necessary. In a thesis on dreams, Synesius writes: "It is possible by labor and time, and a transition into other lives, for the imaginative soul to emerge from this dark abode." This passage reminds us of verses in the Revelation of John (3:12), with its symbolic, initiatory language leading into: "Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out." Elsewhere, he argues that the God-man (Jesus) had to die voluntarily, and in support of this he cites a few more: This is surely a huge topic, so let me specify: Given this translation, it's not surprising that Augustine and Theodoret interpreted the passage the way they did. Theodoret provides more insight, particularly with respect to the case of the "unformed" fetus: Thou shall not slay thy child by causing abortion, nor kill that which is begotten (Apostolic Constitutions, 7-1) It is necessary that God brings to completion his purpose for humanity. Next, Anselm turns to the necessity of God completing his purpose for mankind. He argues that God's purpose for mankind includes filling heaven with a predetermined number of angels and men. The salvation of men, he says, does not depend on the Fall of angels, and there will be more elect men than fallen angels. He interacts with objections based on the "angels of God" reading found in the Septuagint of Deuteronomy 32:8 ("determined the limits of the peoples according to the number of the angels of God"), and argues that men can be considered "angels of God" in the same way that Judas was called a "devil" in John 6:70. (1.18)