If a pig, saddled and ridden or not, gets hit by lightning it will turn into an un-aggro'ed (non-hostile) Zombie Pigman with you staring at the inside of it's head. 

Boating does not inspire hunger. You can use it to cross thousands of blocks (meters) without any need for food. On the other hand, you can only cross 133 blocks per haunch of meat by swimming (0.015 hunger/block) and 200 blocks walking (0.01). 

A couple people have even constructed ALUs and CPUs, for instance the following one. The creator was planning on adding a memory array to allow programming it. Notch himself has said in an interview that yes, the Redstone blocks in Minecraft allow construction of Turing-complete Machines. On a floating-island challenge map I'm making a giant tank of water to try to get squid to spawn. How should I go about filling it; top-down or bottom-up? What's the quickest method to have it all filled with source water so I don't have strange currents in it? The minimum block resistance required to absorb all blast force of the Ghast's fireballs is 16.42, so less resistant blocks may be destroyed in a fireball explosion depending on exactly where it hits. The advantage is this "lookup table" approach allows for any arbitrary, non-linear input-output mapping by placing the output repeaters a desired distance from the output. Still, something simpler would be much desired. Name tags outside creative mode can be found in treasure chests, or as rare loot when fishing (not actually so rare if using "luck of the sea" enchanted fishing rod). Anyway, don't go swimming on the horseback. Have a lead with you, and as you approach a body of water, dismount, leash your horse and swim across pulling it after you. My approach to overworld farm was: 

Next I pick out a few creepers and float them to right side hole. 

So, in short, the answer to your question may depend on how you obtain your XP; if you plan to build an XP grinder, there really is no point to hoard it until then, use up whatever you have. OTOH, if you plan to skip all the easy XP collection techniques (mob grinder, bulk cow/pig breeding, mining Nether Quartz, or building a hundred furnaces over a lake of lava and turning a desert worth of sand into glass) you'd better keep saving. 

(still, enchanting normal materials equipment with cheap - lvl1-5 enchantments is cheap enough that it might be worthwhile.) 

Even 1-wide trench, anywhere within 5 blocks away from the door will suffice; it doesn't even need direct "line of sight" to the door (space between the trench and the door may be buried). With the inside of the farm full covered and larger than 4 blocks, what matters is that within 5 blocks ahead of every door, at least one block (upper or lower) is empty and open to the sky. First, there's "selection": A water channel pushing the mobs towards the dead drop chute was augmented - glass walls and two pistons triggered through the same switch, one of them extending while the other retracts. You buried your farm under the sand. It can't spawn golems because the doors don't "see" any sky on the outside of the farm. You'll need to dig a trench around the farm (at least in front of the doors, the corners may remain filled) so that the doors have a little sky on the "outside". (personally, I found Design by Trunkz to cover all my singleplayer needs in excess - probably like 4x excess. In your case it depends on how many players it would be serving. For some 4-5 this would be sufficient. For more, pick a more advanced design.) Fill the dropper with as many items as many days you want the signal to take. Each morning the dropper will discard one item, for a max of 576 in-game days. If that's not enough, you can restock the dropper with a chain of hoppers and a double chests, and only when all the items are exhausted the signal will be produced. The five redstones at start are needed to overcome the night ambient light threshold. Choose location that corresponds to a Nether location next to enormous lava lake. Otherwise you'll spend ages carrying the lava. Place one nether portal, get a big supply of buckets. Build a very tall tower, then three rather long walkways with 1 block spacing between them. Put some Lava blocks in the gaps between them (some 2 blocks apart) so that you get two enormous walls of lava flowing down. Remove lava sources and quickly pour water as soon as the lava starts "dropping". As result you should end up with two enormous walls of cobblestone. Cast your portals, level by level of blocks: first cobble or whatever to form the casts, then fill with lava, then cool with water into obsidian, then build another layer. Remove cobblestone. Light them up, add trapdoors, add grinder infrastructure (you may need to dig the hole for the drop trap). But that's more than 2 days of work unfortunately but I'm afraid you won't do much better for overworld survival... Is there a specific code in Minecraft, responsible for mobs trying to damage critical infrastructure on purpose? e.g. an enderman preferring that one block with a button on it versus 300 other blocks of the house? 

Pour water to form two walls of cobble. There will be mistakes and imperfections. Don't worry. 

Then I go level below, open the door and stand at the end of the corridor. Once the creepers are dead, I close the door, open the small fence gate and collect the records - then go to bring more creepers. If you want this retriggerable, with limit of 320 days you can "discard" the items into a hopper blocked with a piece of redstone that will be deactivated once the time is past, and feed all the items back in.