It is considered one of the moral advances of what Jasper's called the "axial age" because it entails universality, as opposed to "reciprocity," the cycles of revenge portrayed in the Oresteia, or "utilitarianism," where a calculus of impersonal, majoritarian "ends" may justify the personally oppressive "means," as in American slavery or, arguably, capitalist political economy. 

Christians like Kant might also argue that suicide to end suffering or attain some other material end is deluded in thinking it can actually have such knowledge or predict such outcomes. Pascal's wager may, indeed, make a "rational" or probabilistic case against the short-term benefits of suicide. And it is not only the possibility that suicide does not in fact "end one's life," it is also the unknown consequences for others and thus for the world at large. And it depends on the philosophy. Stoicism, Existentialism, or Marxism, say, presumably affect one's ethical practices, while logical positivism has no bearing. In the modern world, philosophy should at least, we hope, make one less vulnerable to unexamined ideology, fallacious appeals, demagoguery, and general enthusiasms. Heidegger notwithstanding. As Philip Klocking has noted, your paraphrase does not work. However, you are correct that the first categorical imperative (CA) is often viewed as unsatisfactory, described by Hegel and others as an "empty formalism," difficult to apply in practice. 

This brings with it the problems of "purity" and "purification," which are discussed by Derrida among others... our drive to get to the "true" or "essential" form. We may err in seeing too many issues in essentialist, linear terms rather than dialectically. This is the precarious situation of modern constitution democracies that appeal to "equality under the law," but with the dangerous caveat that the "law" can be revised by external powers, such as corporate capitalism. Here, the height limit of "tallest poppy" is identified not as an individual but, in Gouverneur Morris's odd phrase, as "We the People," a kind of autocratic statistical abstraction, a representation that functions as a kind of regression to the mean. In modern, mass "statistical societies" the poppies are not so much cut as "averaged out" through rationalizing systems and ideologies such as "nationhood" or the "job market." 

I like Mary Midgley's view of philosophy in the daily world. She likens it to "plumbing." No one sees it or thinks much about it until something breaks. This is as true personally, I believe, as socially. 

Suicide is a possibility for rational beings only. Such a momentous "free" decision expresses the very essence of rationality. But it can never be "logical," for there is no possible certainty as to the consequences. Not even a calculable probability. And whether it can be "moral" is a matter of cultural context and one's overall understanding of life. The latter introduces such ideas as eternity and infinite, linear time. On such a Augustinian scale, there are acts or virtues which cannot be excessive. One cannot love God "too much" or be "excessively" merciful. 

Is it ever a "correct" decision, a best option? A moral option? That is a slightly different question.