See Law 41 in the rules of cricket The other convention that does not appear explicitly in the rules but is always adhered to is that spin bowlers may not use any tape or covering on their bowling hand. This is because tape would allow a much better grip on the ball allowing the bowler to impart much more spin than otherwise. It is also a matter of conditioning since spin bowling a lot of overs leads to blistering and even bleeding at the point of contact between the fingers and the ball. It is part of the art of spin bowling to build up the toughness of the hand to cope with this, rather than covering it with tape. Protective equipment No member of the fielding side other than the wicket-keeper shall be permitted to wear gloves or external leg guards. In addition, protection for the hand or fingers may be worn only with the consent of the umpires. 

Fielding the ball A fielder may field the ball with any part of his person but if, while the ball is in play he wilfully fields it otherwise, (a) the ball shall become dead and 5 penalty runs shall be awarded to the batting side. See Law 42.17 (Penalty runs). The ball shall not count as one of the over. 

Note that the point about protection for the hand or fingers has been the source of some minor controversy over the years. Cricketers frequently injure their fingers while fielding and will often be seen with fingers taped up or two fingers taped together to protect a damaged finger. Usually this is permitted without any comment as it can actually make fielding harder. However, some players have at times gone a bit over the top and used sports tape to such an extent that they may as well be wearing a glove. As the law above suggests, it is up to the Umpires to judge if the tape being used is only what is required for a specific injury or is being used to gain an advantage. 

Those elements normally are indipendent from the athlete's height because I think they are setted before knowing the order of arrival 

These featuresare not so prevalent because the athletes usually wear contact lenses. Those two example with no elastic and elastic solutions to understand better. 

I can suggest deformable plastic linked to an elastic to wear perfectly (only if you feel comfortable with it). 

Point 3 is the area of Maximum Coefficient of Restitution, or a racket's power (Best bouce in your image) and the exact position depend on several factors (racket's weight, balance, length, headsize and string tension). 

In american football and basketball is often easy to find it called as man defensive mannequin. 

I do not know if it exists a "real" name for it, but those are probably the easy denomination you can find for it i.e. commercial links basketball and soccer 

Anyway you can use this hint to understand the meaning of the points: Net goal should be made of hemp, jute, nylon or polypropylene. 

The most important feature are: a wide lateral vision (so bigger curved lens than normal glasses) and an excellent grip on the head. I think ski lenght around 155cm should be the right way 

Here and also here you can find a deep explanation of this topics with physics details 

Here some commercial links: 1 - 2 and some more info (take a lok at goals section) This table says that you can use ski from 150 to 165 according to your hieght, I can suggest you to choose a ski near to 150cm if you are lighter of near to 165 if you are havier I think there is no correct reply always true for this question, but I bolted the most one according to your image. 

The medal should support under the chest muscles, so normally the lenght should be around 60/70cm - (23/28 inches) Fielding the ball A fielder may field the ball with any part of his person but if, while the ball is in play he wilfully fields it otherwise, (a) the ball shall become dead and 5 penalty runs shall be awarded to the batting side. See Law 42.17 (Penalty runs). The ball shall not count as one of the over. The rules are very clear, the wicket keeper is the only player allowed to wear gloves. All other players would incur a 5 run penalty every time they touched the ball while wearing gloves. This includes for instance taking off your hat in order to use it to catch the ball (I have seen this done in a park cricket match!). See Law 41 in the rules of cricket Protective equipment No member of the fielding side other than the wicket-keeper shall be permitted to wear gloves or external leg guards. In addition, protection for the hand or fingers may be worn only with the consent of the umpires. The other convention that does not appear explicitly in the rules but is always adhered to is that spin bowlers may not use any tape or covering on their bowling hand. This is because tape would allow a much better grip on the ball allowing the bowler to impart much more spin than otherwise. It is also a matter of conditioning since spin bowling a lot of overs leads to blistering and even bleeding at the point of contact between the fingers and the ball. It is part of the art of spin bowling to build up the toughness of the hand to cope with this, rather than covering it with tape. 

Note that the point about protection for the hand or fingers has been the source of some minor controversy over the years. Cricketers frequently injure their fingers while fielding and will often be seen with fingers taped up or two fingers taped together to protect a damaged finger. Usually this is permitted without any comment as it can actually make fielding harder. However, some players have at times gone a bit over the top and used sports tape to such an extent that they may as well be wearing a glove. As the law above suggests, it is up to the Umpires to judge if the tape being used is only what is required for a specific injury or is being used to gain an advantage.