So, science is an awesome tool, and we can apply it to help us answer questions of morality, but it doesn't tell us that the metric should be "human well-being" any more than it tells us it should be "distance from the earth's core". 

And it's not fully objective, either; that's just the behavior that the universe rewards with continued existence. Nor is it clear that it's enough to build a comprehensive morality. But, from what I've seen, it's about as far as one can get when leaning on science alone. 

There's no doubt that science is a wonderful tool for providing us with information about many things. That it would have a lot to say about well being of humans is unsurprising. 

To expand a little further: my usual sources for these sorts of questions have not been as helpful as usual. Wikipedia summarizes the content, but has only a very sparse coverage of critiques and modern perspective. IEP covers Nietzsche in great depth, but barely mentions On the Genealogy of Morals. SEP has an article on Nietzsche's moral and political philosophy, but the discussion is so mixed between On the Genealogy of Morals and other works that I can scarcely recognize any of the Genealogy in it; this nonetheless makes me wonder whether when viewed as a whole the works of Nietzsche paint a clearer picture of which G.M. is an essential part. And in every case, the focus is more on what he said than was it true; a discussion or defense of the latter is what I am most sorely lacking because so often, even when attempting to take Nietzsche's use of terms like "aristocrat" into account, his claims seem so often blatantly wrong that I wonder why G.M. continues to be viewed with more than historical interest. Or maybe it is merely historical interest. Or maybe most everyone agrees that it was in large part blatantly wrong, but it was blatantly wrong in such interestingly different ways than intuitively obvious yet actually wrong views that came before (and keep arising) that it has value as sort of a buffer, a counter-narrative that undermines a tempting yet misleading view of human morality. 

We're big enough boys and girls now, technologically, that we can royally mess up our sandbox. Treating morality as self-centered interactions between individuals without considering our wider impact misses what is now a very important impact of humans on other humans. (To be determined: should that also fall under morality, or should there be a second set of rules? If a second set, how do you adjudicate when morality and conservation give different answers?) 

Moving to Aristotle, Aristotle believed the state was prior to the individual and the family. What this means is that the state is the organic whole of human living (like a hive to bees or pack to dogs). On such an account, it seems unlikely that it would make sense to split off, but it seems distantly conceivable. 

Thus, both seek to optimize outcomes, but act utilitarianism does so by having agents optimize their own acts and rule utilitarianism does so by optimizing rules for actions (not generally at the agent level). 

There are several different views (or parts of views at work here). First, there's an aspect of moral non-cognitivism (see SEP metaethics, a further article, and the article on cognitivism vs. non-cognitivism ) in the claim that moral claims are psychological statement. There's also a dash of moral relativist if the main point is that ethical questions are decided by majorities in cultures. 

In terms of philosophical theories of the state (in this case the polis), the earliest two philosophers, I know of, in the West who consider this question are Plato and Aristotle. 

The Stoics practised apatheia, "absence of feeling": a state of mind where the soul experiences no emotion at all. That was the only way in which the soul could be completely free. Any emotion would bind it to the body. 

Epicureans strove after ataraxia, "unperturbedness" of the soul: a state of mind where neither pain nor pleasure affected the soul too much. This was the highest "pleasure". 

First it must be said that hedonism in the modern sense was not the core of Epicurism: Epicurus used the word ἡδονή (hêdonê, "pleasure") in a less obvious sense. 

Life is a cart pulled by dogs; you, as a dog, have a choice between struggling against it, thereby causing yourself grief, or simply running along, going neither too fast nor too slowly 

Because moderate pleasure did not compromise ataraxia, casual sex and good food were allowed. But falling in love and unhealthy gluttony led to pain and were anathema. 

Any sexual escapade or other enjoyment compromised one's apatheia. In addition, even moderate pleasure could destabilize the soul, subjecting it to greater pleasure by consequence, which would ultimately end in pain. There are some similarities to Buddhism. 

Limiting ourselves in the above ways, the problem becomes a series of variations on: can a Utilitarian framework ever make it such that the benefits of some given research (benefits calculated in whatever units of measure we are using in our utilitarianism) outweigh the costs of the forms of harm involved in achieving that research (e.g. the loss we associate with the lack of informed consent)? 

In other words, am I doing right if I do what I think produces the most happiness or am I doing right if I do what produces the most happiness? 

Human existence is inherently good. A human exists at the point of conception, i.e. that is when her DNA first began to exist. Therefore, abortion always destroys a human existence, and is always wrong. Namely, there seems to be something jumbled about what happens in 3. 

Aristotle makes this point explicit in NE BK I.8 (and again at I.13) where he maintains that to truly flourish, you will need (a) external goods and (b) proper upbringing. He repeats the point in BK VIII where he identifies friendship as necessary to our lives. Also, he thinks a certain political structure is necessary for human flourishing (BK IX).