Atheists find offensive any talk about the origin of the universe which is in contract with the scientific view. I, as an atheist, certainly find any such talk offensive, but I hold my breath constantly trying to respect everyone's right to be wrong. Should I be allowed to go around and delete such content as offensive? So: yes with all you say, but can I equally ask SE staff to take care to at least acknowledge highly-upvoted, short, self-explanatory meta requests? On the other hand, there are very many famous examples of awesome companies that use our reputation points-based profiles to recruit top developers, for example Facebook, Skype, Tumblr, Amazon, Moo, Coursera, etc. The extra parameter allows us to fill in "Score" and "Rank" in the rows of type "Result Click". The outcome of the flagging decline policy should be to have at the same time: I find no fault in the current standard, as I don't see any valid reason to change it. In fact, we believe so strongly that good candidates have a solid reputation of getting things done and that high-reputation point users are likely to be good candidates that we built a whole careers site dedicated to this. There is a difference between pointing an insult to you personally, and pointing an insult to something you merely believe in, namely that in the latter case it's well within the boundaries of freedom of expression ("This idea blows goats") and not in the boundaries of personal attacks ("You blow goats"). Some examples: http://segmentfault.com/, http://entredesarrolladores.com/, https://teratail.com/... For example, we're looking at how many searches one makes before finding a page, and when they do, we want to track how search performed. While we could have done this through a 302 redirect, we decided that this solution would be cleaner and give users the best performance. It doesn't seem to have long-lasting value or to ask about a problem in a general enough way. It's very specific, because of the "no repeat" clause which adds no value - picking at random with no constraints is just as fair, so why would someone need to look for a more complicated version of something that already works? I strongly believe that SE corporate (i.e. the Community Team) needs to be the final arbiter in disputes like this, for reasons which should already be obvious. The time to catch overly promotional account holders is early, when we still have the chance to summarily destroy their accounts. People should really make better use of chat. The chat system on the SE network is one of the finest I've seen anywhere, and it includes all of the nice bells and whistles that are missing from comments. So if a moderator's imminent demise needs to be made public, here are my thoughts on how that process might occur: I don't think it's our job to provide yet another errata. If there's information that's inaccurate on the page that's been linked, just point that out specifically. Given this phenomenon, is it not true that the proposals that are generally understood by the public (i.e. common knowledge) are the most likely to garner the necessary votes on questions and commitments by followers to reach beta, while the specialized sites that we really want (with far more interesting expert knowledge on them but a much smaller audience) will languish in the definition phase, unable to reach the necessary vote thresholds? This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP. So, this site is about the Christian religion. In short - this is the battle between the core people of the community - those few who care for the long term health of the community vs the greater numbers of people who are only in it for themselves (whether spammers, give me teh code, answering bad/off-topic questions etc...). Following Jon's answer - I am looking for what people should do, as well as what they shouldn't. We welcome Jewish, Christian, Atheist and other viewpoints as long as they take seriously the process of understanding the Biblical texts. You've come to the right place if you have questions about: Node.js Node.js and other uses of JavaScript on the server. Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? So, this site is about the text of the bible as a work of literature and its study. On my list are: rudeness, vagueness, spelling and grammar. What you have been doing. If you feel like commenting on such answers and explaining why they are not helping, that would be great, though I have personally encountered aggressive responses to such comments. As you can see, the scopes and audiences of these sites are different, in the same way that Programmers and Stack Overflow are.