Questions of the type above are not only dealt with by philosophy, but also by myths and by religion. One can discuss whether the fragments of Ionian philosophers of nature and the Vedas including the Upanishads are already philosophical or still speculative texts. How old are philosophical questions? Verification of any answer presupposes the existence of written texts. It is plausible that these questions have been posed much earlier, but about the time before textual tradition we can only speculate. ad 1. In my opinion, displacement of time is an unusual term in physics. Probably the author alludes to the change in the concept of time due to the Theory of Special Relativity. But note that the Special Theory of Relativity was published already in 1905. Ad 3: Kant names at least the following sources which have prompted him to investigate the capabilites of reason and the scope of metaphysical claims. The field of rationals (QQ,+,*) embedds into the ring (Omega_QQ,+,*). Elements of the latter are the equivalence classes of sequences of rational numbers; two sequences are considered equivalent when their difference is zero for all but finitely many elements of the sequence. 

As a consequence, Omega_QQ contains the classes of the particular sequences small-omega with elements a_n = 1/n and big-omega with elements b_n = n. small-omega is infinitesimal because it is non-zero and smaller than every fixed positive number. While big_omega is infinite because it is greater than any fixed positive number. 

Descartes learned the scholastic method of philosophy from his Jesuit teachers at the school of la Flèche. 

From the view point of science it often looks as if philosophers emphasize as the unique feature of their discipline: To ask questions but not to give answers. As long as the awareness lacks that progress is a quality measure of an academic discipline, I do not expect philosophers developing their own criteria to measure progress in philosophy. 

In general, art became subsumed under "language" in philosophical practices. On the analytical side, art per se no longer held much philosophical interest, with exceptions like Nelson Goodman or Arthur Danto. On the Continental side in the wake of phenomenology, Heidegger essentially dissolved philosophy itself into poetic description. After all, if there is no "real substance" beyond the subject-centered phenomena for philosophy to explicate, then what is philosophy except "redescription"? There is a great deal of very interesting philosophical work on art, high and low. It continues to be a "topic" for philosophy and critical theory. But the higher hopes for a redeeming aesthetic expressed by Schelling or even the young Hegel in "The Oldest System Programme" appear today the both quaint and tragic. 

By this Hegel did not mean that art would cease to be made and enjoyed. But it could no longer serve as the basis of human development in the Greek or Christian manner, a centrality henceforth to reside in the modern constitutional state, civil society, and the philosophies that rationalize them. The literal meaning of the adjective "eudaemon" means "connected to a good (= eu) daimon (= spirit). The standard translation of "eudaemonia" is "welfare, happy life". But indeed, the translation "human flourishing" is proposed as a better one, see http://www.amazon.com/Aristotles-Psychology-Robinson-Aristotle-Paperback/dp/B0157HUKKA/ref=sr_1_2?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1455432554&sr=1-2&keywords=Aristotle 

Note. I did not check the reference, the source is wikipedia. 

Nietzsche develops his thoughts on European art in his essay from 1872 The Birth of Tragedy from the Spirit of Music. Already in the first sentence he introduces his thesis that any development of art is bound to the pair Apollonian and Dionysian. He introduces both terms as a pair of opposed drives. As a first approximation he relates them to the two human states of dream and frenzy (German: Rausch). 

The field of rationals (QQ,+,*) embedds into the ring (Omega_QQ,+,*). Elements of the latter are the equivalence classes of sequences of rational numbers; two sequences are considered equivalent when their difference is zero for all but finitely many elements of the sequence. 

ad 1. In my opinion, displacement of time is an unusual term in physics. Probably the author alludes to the change in the concept of time due to the Theory of Special Relativity. But note that the Special Theory of Relativity was published already in 1905. 

In general, art became subsumed under "language" in philosophical practices. On the analytical side, art per se no longer held much philosophical interest, with exceptions like Nelson Goodman or Arthur Danto. On the Continental side in the wake of phenomenology, Heidegger essentially dissolved philosophy itself into poetic description. After all, if there is no "real substance" beyond the subject-centered phenomena for philosophy to explicate, then what is philosophy except "redescription"? And whither art? While "art" appears more visible than ever, it requires ever more mediation through "theory" or the market to retain a social vitality. It dissolves on the one side into high "concept" and on the other into low, mass "commodity," where it is subjected to critical and sociological theories of commodification, etc. 

Of course it has, but not in some clear, fundamental shift. Aesthetics first became a central topic for philosophy with Kant, and shortly thereafter Hegel correctly diagnosed its "death." 

By this Hegel did not mean that art would cease to be made and enjoyed. But it could no longer serve as the basis of human development in the Greek or Christian manner, a centrality henceforth to reside in the modern constitutional state, civil society, and the philosophies that rationalize them.