One case where I think it would be very easy to justify this would be if the person in authority is incapable of properly conveying the information. If I may use the terminology of speach acts, one often comes across situations where it is not possible to cause the correct perlocutionary act while speaking the whole truth because the listener cannot fathom the desired act. We see this in child rearing, when dealing with difficult topics such as death. We see this in religion, trying to convey the beautiful certainty our particular religion offers. We see this in all sorts of aspects of life such as love (how many times have people refused to explain what being in love feels like because they know they will fail to capture it). 

In many cases, if you omit content, it will lead the listener to go investigate on their own and arrive at a point where their own understanding is sufficient that you can finally tell them the truth. On the other hand, if you tell them before they are ready, they may interpret that truth wrongly, and then misuse it. 

Also, consider that, if you believe that there is no metaphysical source of ethics nor morality, the human species has been undergoing exactly the process you describe for a hundred thousand years, and our system ethics is actually the result of that process. If this is indeed the case, you will have to explain why your process should be preferable to the existing one. Doing so will likely involve understanding the existing one, which has been the subject of philosophy for thousands of years. 

Despite this, Kant still maintains that God is necessary for morality to maintain what is often called the "proportionality thesis". This is the idea that people will receive happiness in proportion to the degree that they are moral. Kant recognized that this was not true in this world and make God a "postulate of moral reason" (at least in the Critique of Practical Reason) in order to make it so that being moral makes sense in terms of fairness (by becoming eternally fair). 

Contemporary philosophers do not necessarily follow Hegel. In much contemporary work, "moral philosophy" is an equivalent to "ethics" which is understood to be the discipline in which we study questions of action and right or wrong (sometimes called "axiology" but this is a word I see little written in actual philosophy papers). 

It seems much harder to prove either preference or rule utilitarians could allow this regardless of what they want to maximize. 

I'm not familiar enough with Aquinas's account of the state to provide the contours, but I gather it's a somewhat communitarian picture but not overly prone to allowing schisms emphasizing the holistic aspects of the Aristotelian picture. 

A practical example might help here. On a merely quantitative approach, the answer to the following type of thought experiment is crystal clear: 

In other words, am I doing right if I do what I think produces the most happiness or am I doing right if I do what produces the most happiness? 

The requirement for a committed and/or loving relationship might seem a little less Epicurean, but all it really requires is to argue that maximum pleasure is found in a long-term, monogamous relationship. This is essentially the argument of Kierkegaard's Judge William in The Aesthetic Validity of Marriage (Either/Or). It's also a position advocated by many modern evangelical Christians, among others (for a contrasting modern take on the same concept, compare also the book/movie High Fidelity). 

It is important to note that accepting this does entail a significant, and not uncontroversial shift away from the selfish-gene model of evolution acting solely (or at least primarily) on individual agents (most closely associated with science popularist Richard Dawkins). In terms of the conversation around evolution, it represents a pendulum shift back towards an endorsement of large-group dynamics as playing a legitimate role in evolutionary processes. In some ways, however, the two points of view are not as opposed as they may seem. After all, all human beings are 99.9% genetically identical, so even helping a completely unrelated stranger is in the interest of the vast majority of your genes. 

This is the classic problem of evil --it's just confusing people because you've introduced a nonstandard conceptualization of God. Laying aside the mathematical aspects, you're really asking about "God of the Philosophers", the unity of all perfections, considered abstractly. How can a perfect being contain or countenance any imperfection? 

Someone's "stupidity" may change the probability of him making a strong argument, but it does not change the strength or validity of any argument he happens to have made. You seem to be asking whether, in a situation where your opponent is substituting personal attacks for reasoned arguments, you can be justified for responding in kind. It certainly isn't illegal or unethical, but it also isn't valid logic. Anytime you challenge ANYTHING except the structure of the argument and/or the truth of the premises, you've exited the world of logic. If your goal is to imitate someone you've already judged as stupid by trading insults, there's nothing to stop you. If your goal is to present the better arguments, however, you'll not want to take that option.