Those movements are treated the same as a shift prior to the play or a tight end going into motion. From page 98 of the college football rule book (emphasis mine): 

While the Mike Linebacker typically carries a microphone, the quarterback is not referring to the microphone that he is wearing, instead he is talking to his blockers and informing them who should block the "Mike". The term Mike linebacker has been used since well before any electronic communication was worn in the helmets. The Mike is considered the "quarterback of the defense" and is typically one of the biggest and most athletic players on the field and deserves much of the blockers' and running backs' attention. So, when a quarterback says "53 has the Mike" he is not saying "53 is in possession of the microphone" but instead he means "53 is very important and deserves your attention". 

Computer Rankings - 1/3 of the ranking is determined by the average of six computer rankings. The six computer rankings are Anderson & Hester, Richard Billingsley, Colley Matrix, Kenneth Massey, Jeff Sagarin and Peter Wolfe. Each computer ranking uses a different formula to rank the teams based on factors like wins, losses and strength of schedule with the highest possible score for a team being 1.00 just like in the human polls. The individual formulas used are largely unknown, but it should be noted that starting in 2004 the BCS prohibited the computer rankings from including margin of victory in their calculation. Since the formulas differ so much (some give more weight to the value of a conference win compared to a non-conference win, for example) the highest and lowest rankings received by the computers for a given team are not used to calculate this average. 

In passing plays, the Mike is called out similarly for pass blocking reasons. Often when a team is in a "max-protect" scheme (where running backs stay in the backfield to help block for the the quarterback), the Mike is called out to the running backs to let them know that they need to block him if he blitzes. The reason that this is important is that if the Mike Linebacker does not blitz, then the running back is often free to running a short passing route into the flat in support of the quarterback. 

a. If a snap is preceded by a huddle or shift, all players of the offensive team must come to an absolute stop and remain stationary in their positions, without movement of the feet, body, head or arms, for at least one full second before the ball is snapped (A.R. 7-1-4-I) [S20]. 

b. It is not intended that Rule 7-1-4-a should prohibit smooth, rhythmical shifts if properly executed. A smooth cadence shift or unhurried motion is not an infraction. However, it is the responsibility of an offensive player who moves before the snap to do so in a manner that in no way simulates the beginning of a play. After the ball is ready for play and all players are in scrimmage formation, no offensive player shall make a quick, jerky movement before the snap, including but not limited to (A.R. 7-1-4-II-IV): 

In most cases he is actually saying "53 is the Mike". 

There are four types of linebackers that are used in typical 3-4 and 4-3 defenses, respectively: 

Now, it is important to note that when the quarterback calls out the Mike, it is not necessarily what the defense considers the Mike, nor is it necessarily even the middle linebacker. 

Harris Poll - 1/3 of the ranking is determined by the Harris Poll which is a weekly poll of 115 invited sports media members who rank the top 25 of the 120 teams in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision. In this poll the media assign each member of the top 25 a value from 1-25 with the top ranked team receiving the value 25. For this reason, the highest possible value that a team could receive (if voted #1 by all voters) would be 2875, so each team's overall score is divided by 2875 with the highest possible ranking being 1.00. 

Coaches Poll - 1/3 of the ranking is determined by the Coaches' Poll which is a weekly poll of 59 coaches in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision. It is important to note here that most coaches are unable to watch all the teams play each week and will typically have the Sports Information Director at the school create the rankings on their behalf. The same values are applied to each team here as in the Harris Poll, except the highest possible value is 1475 instead of 2875.