To understand the answer, it's important to understand the actual invitation. It can be found in the last chapter of the Book of Mormon: As to how one is supposed to recognize the answer, this will probably sound like a cop-out, but the best answer is "you'll know it when it happens." The problem is that any description requires a common frame of reference, and the witness of the Holy Ghost is a unique experience that isn't like anything that would be familiar to anyone who doesn't already have experience with it. It's often described as a strong feeling of peace, and a sensation of warmth, a "burning in your bosom" to use the scriptural language, but it's not the same as physical heat. But once one has experienced it, they truly know that they have received a testimony from the Lord. No, the Book of Mormon has never been revised into a more modern English dialect. There is no official LDS doctrine on the subject, and the idea that everyone gets to choose where they want to end up makes no sense anyway. Obviously, some people get born into better circumstances than others, and with people being more likely to want to choose better circumstances than worse ones, clearly there are not enough "good births" to go around, to give everyone what they would ask for. In other words, the fulfillment of Ezekiel's prophecy requires something that looks exactly like the Book of Mormon, and for which no candidate other than the Book of Mormon exists that I know of. With this in mind, the answer is that historical evidence can always be disputed. There's an impressive corpus of "historical, archaeological, prophetical and other evidence and archaeological evidence" that testifies to the truth of the Book of Mormon, but like the evidence in favor of the Bible, it's all subject to interpretation. It's all made up of things that happened to other people who are dead now. They can't tell their own story, and we never truly know if we have all the evidence or not. New things are always turning up, and people come up with new theories and interpretations, sometimes based on reading the evidence, and sometimes based on reading something into the evidence that they want to be there. But the witness of the Holy Ghost is testimony from God's spirit directly to yours. It's a very personal affair, and it didn't happen to someone else. It happened to you, and you know what you received from the Lord, and no alternate interpretation from some other person who hasn't experienced it can change the reality of that witness. Simply put, it's the only truly trustworthy evidence there is, because it comes directly from the only perfectly trustworthy source there is. For two principal reasons: because we were commanded to at several different places in the Bible, and as an act of love. The Gospel improves the lives of those who live its principles, and we want to share that with those who don't have those blessings in their lives. While it may appear similar to a vote, (and is often referred to by that term,) these sustaining votes are not a democratic election, but rather an opportunity for members of the church to show their agreement or opposition to the choices that have been made with regard to leadership positions. These sustaining votes take place not only at General Conference but also at local meetings when people are called to serve in some position in the congregation. Because of the strength of these testimonies, it was common, back when the men in question were still alive, to make claims that they had denied or recanted their testimonies in some way, as a way to attempt to undermine the authenticity of the Book of Mormon. The linked Wikipedia article contains a few such claims attributed to Martin Harris, one of the Three Witnesses, but it also gives his claim that "No man heard me in any way deny the truth of the Book of Mormon [or] the administration of the angel that showed me the plates."