What was this meant to teach us about "election"? Jesus was addressing specific people in a specific situation. He was not trying to give modern Western-minded Americans a proof text about the theological category of "election". If anything, all this text tells us on that topic is that those who don't recognize Jesus for who He is are not part of His group (yet) and if you see a person following Christ, and you don't like it, well... too bad! Explanation The Context of Scripture Quick answer This message is for the Pharisees, whom Jesus is rebuking for their self-righteousness. The Pharisees were very confused about their spiritual condition, so Jesus was trying yet again to show them their wickedness and need for a Savior. There is no conflict between this passage and salvation by grace. Is Jesus teaching "salvation by words"? Not really. (Mark 7:6-7, James 2:14-17) If He was, we would all go to Hell. (James 3:2, 2:10) We should understand this passage in the same way that we understand the law... it is the perfect standard of God, which we should all live up to, but which no man actually does live up to, and which we will all be judged by... (James 2:10-11, Matthew 5:48) ...unless we return to Him and are cleansed from our sin by His gracious gift of salvation via the sinless sacrifice of Christ. (Romans 3:19, Galatians 5:18) What was Jesus trying to convey to His audience? Jesus was essentially saying to the unbelieving Jews (including the jealous religious leaders): "I told you who I am, but you didn't believe Me because you're not My sheep. My sheep and I know each other and I give them life and they are safe with Me." (Again, don't assume that Jesus is claiming that they had always been His sheep or always would be.) Do you lay down your own will to follow Jesus? My question is pretty straightforward; I'm just wondering how a person gets "saved" according to Mormons. In Him, you also, after listening to the message of truth, the gospel of your salvation—having also believed, you were sealed in Him with the Holy Spirit of promise, who is given as a pledge of our inheritance, with a view to the redemption of God’s own possession, to the praise of His glory. -Ephesians 1:13-14 So what does a person have to do to make the cut? If the answer varies based on gender, race, etc., please indicate this in your answer. By "saved" I'm referring ultimately to entrance into the "third heaven" of Mormon doctrine, which as I understand it, would correspond to the place that Chalcedonian Christians call "Heaven" (i.e. the "New Earth" of Revelation 21). Before we start building theology on this statement, we need to make sure we've understood it in its original context first, and that our extrapolations are faithful to that original intent. For this reason, I think it is important to seek "God's meaning" by careful study of all of the relevant passages, rather than focusing too much on the details of word definitions, etc. (Matthew 4:1-8) What was John trying to convey to his audience? John uses this dialogue (in light of the literary context) to present Jesus as essentially saying to the jealous religious leaders (and other Jews): "You don't like that guys like this are following Me instead of you? Too bad! They are following Me because the sovereign God who you claim to serve has decreed it, and there's nothing you can do about it," and then He really rubs salt in the wound by telling them He's going to give them eternal life -- the very reward the religious leaders promised to people! John's placement of Jesus' statement in his narrative indicates that he intended this discussion to be understood in the context of the story of the blind man (which precedes it.) Thus, the blind man is given to us (among other reasons) as an example of one of Jesus' sheep. Note: This does not suggest that the blind man (for example) had always been one of His sheep, or that he always would be one of Jesus' sheep -- just that a disciple such as this was "presently" (at the time of Jesus' statement) one of His sheep. I may be wrong in this, but to me it looks like "judgment day" is reserved for the wicked, and the "righteous ones" aren't there for that event... (Revelation 20:4-6, 11-15, 2 Peter 3:7, John 3:18) This might go without saying, but the spiritual truth that God is trying to communicate through scripture is a lot "bigger" and is very "different" than the way we generally think of things. (Isaiah 55:8-9) Throughout the Bible, I get the sense that God is continually trying to "explain it a different way..." or "in other words..." or "approach it from a different angle", in hopes that once we have seen truth from all of these different angles, we might finally have a clear picture of what reality actually looks like from God's perspective. (e.g. Hebrews 1-2) What was this meant to teach us about "salvation"? Many Christians claim that Jesus' promise to give "eternal life" to His sheep is an indication that by "sheep" Jesus means "the 'saved'" and that once you are "saved" you will never depart from Him and will invariably end up in heaven when you die. But is that what Jesus was talking about? No. (1) Jesus was not talking about the "elect" but rather, those who were counted as "sheep" at that time. This group both grew and shrunk over time, while the group of "elect" does not. (2) "Eternal life" does not mean "necessarily never-ending life"; it refers to a quality of life experienced by those in relationship with God by the Spirit.