Let me expand upon why I think the metaphysical claims that the encounter with the Other being a transcendental condition of the possibility of your own subjecthood is implausible. Doing so might help explain why analytic philosophers aren't inclined to think "the Other", as Lacan and Levinas describe it, is in fact a useful category at all. 

I would also be surprised if any argument like this had ever been published in the Levinas literature either---continental papers don't tend to criticize the great names in the canon, or object to their theses, or try to defend those theses from the objections of others. I'd be happy for somebody cite me an article to show I'm wrong in this case. 

(1) If encountering an other is a condition of the possibility of subjecthood, then you can't be a person without encountering the other. 

(1) is just a definition that expresses the meaning of the phrase "condition of the possibility". 

(3) follows from (1) and (2) by modus ponens, so the argument is valid. It looks sound to me as well. 

I'll admit that I've never seen anybody explicitly run this argument in print, but I am quite certain it's the first thing that an analytically trained philosopher of mind reading Levinas is going to think. 

(2) But you can be a person without encountering the other. 

The question about The Other, so far as I can tell, is ethical. "What should I do to/for/with the Other?" Of course, the complicating factor is that sometimes authors like Levinas tend to make (seemingly implausible) claims about The Other that look metaphysical, like, "You can't be a self until you encounter an Other." I am not qualified to speak to what the reasons for such claims might be, however. 

(3) Therefore, encountering the other is not a condition of the possibility of subject hood. 

The second way that we could support (2) would be to appeal to conceivability/possibility arguments. Suppose you don't buy the autism case in the case of humans. Ok. If it is conceivable without contradiction that there exist any kind of subject (aliens, God, whatever) that does not encounter an other, then it is possible to be a subject without encountering an other, just as (2) says. 

For example, here are search results on the Harvard Divinity Schools web site: 

Has anyone examined the relationship between qualia and the fact/value dichotomy? 

Am I correct in thinking that established academic philosophers don't take non-Abrahamic Western religions in general and neopagan religions in particular seriously? If this is the case, what are the reasons? Other than number of adherents, are there any epistemic grounds for taking Christianity or Hinduism more seriously than Wicca? Have any academic philosophers engaged with neopagan beliefs? Has anyone examined neopagan ideas from either ethical or ontological perspectives? Or have they tried to critically deconstruct them, going beyond a mere dismissal of them as being fiction or an interesting social trend? 

Based on the horse whip analogy you mentioned, one would think that the musicians were loosing a source of income that they've depended on forever, but that is not the case. The royalties model is a fluke that a select few who were born in the right time and right place took advantage of, and now, because of streaming, things are going to go back to the way they always have been. 

Consider a functional description of pain: Those who disagree with functionalism, typically do so because it leaves out the "what its like" of pain, which also just happens to be what makes pain a bad thing instead of a good thing. 

The reason why I think Russell's monism is relevant to your question, is that the only way it would make sense to speak of a "real" ontology of properties is if one takes the stance that the fundamental constituents of nature are relations, not substances - see also structural realism. Then it becomes possible for different classes of relations (according to different levels of complexity) to have distinct "real" ontologies. To put another way: if relations are what the world is really made of, then differences between classes of relations are ontologically real differences, not mere abstract differences as you put it. 

It just came to me that all of the contemporary sources on philosophy of mind that I have been reading (Dennett, Nagel, Churchland, Chalmers, Searle, Hofstadter, Jackson) are all writing in English, and write mostly in the Analytic style. 

Paul Churchland goes further and claims that mental states don't exist at all. Everything in the world is physical, and the only reason we need mental descriptions is because our science is not advanced enough to describe our brain adequately, in the same way that ancient people used magic and powerful gods to describe physical and astronomical phenomena that now we can explain using purely physical facts. 

Given that science has taken away mythology, and yet doesn't provide the answers and roles that mythology did, modern society is left with a psychological void, easily filled with various forms of religious or political extremism. And it isn't possible to return to the earlier mythologies, since they have lost their epistemic value, and there are so many that are in conflict with each other. 

Several authors have mentioned that mythology play a central role in human societies, satisfying various social and psychological needs and giving meaning and a spiritual dimension to people's lives. (See for example Karen Armstrong, Joseph Campbell). 

Moreover, the boundary between the creative act of writing music vs performing it is very fuzzy. What does a beautifully improvised jazz solo count as: A creative act or a performance? 

Even in big time Pop music, a lot of the music is written by professional song writers, who then receive a one time payment for handing over the intellectual property rights to the recording artists and/or the record company. And classical composers who were commissioned to write a symphony or an opera received one time payments for those as well.