Crease, Robert P. (2011-10-17). World in the Balance: The Historic Quest for an Absolute System of Measurement (Kindle Locations 2295-2298). Norton. Kindle Edition. 

From the Holman Illustrated Bible Dictionary: 

God was saying to Noah - "Use your cubit." God didn't care about the exact dimensions to the precision you are looking for. And of course Narnian is right on when he points out that Persia, Rome, Sumer, and Egypt were hundreds of years after Noah. 

1. God doesn't change, but people do Brand, C., Draper, C., England, A., Bond, S., Clendenen, E. R., Butler, T. C., & Latta, B. (2003). Holman Illustrated Bible Dictionary (151–152). Nashville, TN: Holman Bible Publishers. 

Historical events that have miraculous involvement: 

[????]Hebrews - mid to late 60s 

N.B. That's a fair number of good scholars to disagree with. (Kurt Aland is also mentioned, the same Aland of Nestle-Aland - probably the best Greek NT out there.) So, we have a lot of scholars making the claim I'm making. Let's give the author a chance to debunk them. 

Here's the point - a scholar doing his best to present "theological differences" between manuscript versions fails to make a compelling case that theology is fundamentally altered by manuscript evidence. I still challenge someone to show me a case where Bible "versions" really change theology dramatically. 

By definition, the old earth creationist appeals to extra-biblical "evidence," and hence there cannot be a "biblical" old earth creationist stance. The YEC Creationist believes in the young earth because the genealogies of Genesis 5 point to only about 2000 years. This combined with other references fixes the earth at about 6000 years. The OEC Creationist looks at the geological record and the apparent "age" of things, and uses that to contradict this literal reading of Genesis 5. The YEC counters (like William Paley) say God created things with age. The OEC says, no - Genesis 5 is either incomplete or figurative. Unlike the Qu'ran, the Bible has no problem with itself being translated. If you want to quibble over a translation, you are quibbling over language, not the "Bible." As such, I would confine any "discrepancies" to the original Greek and Hebrew (and Aramaic parts of Daniel). 

[Paul]Galatians - probably Paul's 1st epistle, 48-52 I'd like to stand by by statement that it is an anachronism to judge the Scripture from modern biases. [Paul]2 Thessal - (disputed authorship), later in "Paul's" career 

1 & 2 Kings does a lot of this as well: Remember, the Romans didn't even bother to name two of their months, and most of them were ordinal (Sept=7, Oct=8, Nov=9, Dec=10). Months just aren't that important to an agrarian society. They care about seasons - planting, harvesting, starving. Dates are of concern to bureaucrats and historians - and history to a Greek person would be totally different than to a modern (read Herodutus!) Asking "Why no dates" really is like asking a farmer why he doesn't wear a watch, or asking a fish why he doesn't ride a bike. Jabal, if taken to be the first bedoiun, would imply that societies had a different arrangement than that of the bedoiun. 

If the case is that Leviathan is a dinsoaur, then we read: An examination of claims that manuscripts have significant theological variation This is detail, but I think its worthwhile. If you like the short answer, stop reading - but I think in trying to make the case that there is "significant theologcal variation, this text indavertently shows how little disagreement there really is