Because your spokes are having fatigue problems already, these steps are no guarantee because they can't fix fatigue that's already accumulated. But if there's a way of getting the wheel to stop breaking spokes without replacing all of them, this is it. Also, make sure the final tension is nice and high. Alternatively, if Shimano's EV diagrams were 100% to scale, down to the representation of the thread pitch, counting threads on the diagram would get you there pretty closely. I suspect they might be that accurate but I'm not really sure. I'm assuming it's clear that you must find some way of getting the drive side cone permanently re-attached to the axle, because it doesn't mechanically lock in place like a standard axle. Epoxy in the threads, etc. Yes and no. Installing them with normal sized (2-2.3") tires will result in that much less ground and pedal clearance as well as tweak the geometry of the bike. So that's not likely to work out well. A pretty exact length can be found by reverse-calculating the ERD if the left spare you have is the same as what's in the wheel. You can pull off the rim strip as above and do a careful measurement to determine its exact difference from optimal length, probably easiest done by counting visible threads and multiplying by the thread pitch. Measure the spare, add or subtract that difference from optimal thread engagement, then measure or estimate the left side tension on the wheel and use either math or something like Machinehead Wheelcalc to get the amount of spoke elongation the ones in the wheel currently have and factor that in, and the result should be the ideal "stretched" left side length. After measuring the hub, you then have all the tools you need to use a spoke calculator like Damon Rinard's spocalc.xls to reverse-calculate the ERD of the rim by plugging in different ERDs until you hone in on the one that matches your measured optimal stretched left length, and then the calculator will also be telling you what the ideal right side stretched length is, from which you'll then have to compensate for elongation. (Good spoke length calculators use the classic spoke length formula that works off the pure geometry of the wheel as though it were just a bunch of circles and lines, and leave it to you to compensate for elongation.) This is probably a real thing that happens, but it doesn't really make any difference I've ever seen, and we're talking about a very small amount of movement in the rim. If there were consequences, it would probably be on a bike with tight tire clearance. Some wheel manufacturers make all their wheels this way, because it can save steps and/or simplify their procedures. There might be a better resource, but the lazy way of comparing tire ODs across different wheel and tire sizes is a computer circumference chart and dividing by pi. Tire deflection of course throws it all off a little, but meh. 135x10, 135x10 QR, or just 135 QR, would all be accurate ways of describing the axle standard as far as frame compatibility is concerned. What can be confusing is "135x10 axle" could be taken as referring to a standard repair axle of given dimensions (in this case 146mm long with M10x1 threads) that a common cup and cone hub would use, like what a typical Shimano or OEM brand mountain/hybrid/etc hub would want if its axle got stripped or broken. Your 370, like most fancy cartridge bearing hubs, takes a specific proprietary axle with shoulders, flat machined spots, etc. To be clear, the main point of doing this would be an interesting and esoteric bike geek project. After you go through all the trouble of setting it up, you'll have to get another vintage cassette when you finish wearing out this one. (Although it may be possible to make a new one by re-using the spacers from your old one on a new 7spd cassette, or machining your own spacers, etc... again, esoteric.) Trailing spokes straighten a little temporarily under drive load, and this causes the spokes to essentially be pushing on each other a little at the cross. On a wheel laced like this (there's no agreed upon term for it but let's call it "asymmetric"), the idea exists that the forces from the spokes pushing on each other in this way add together and can cause the rim to get pulled over to one side slightly in use, whereas with mirror-image lacing the forces would cancel each other out, or come closer to it. Generally speaking, if the brakes are a non-issue or a solved issue, i.e. a disk brake or switching to a different reach of rim brake, you can do whatever you want with swapping wheel sizes as long as the tire OD stays about the same while avoiding frame clearance issues with the tire. Lots of things about the bike and its ride qualities will change, but it will generally be rideable and functional. Note how 27.5+ bikes interchange with 29x2.3-2.4ish wheels, many people convert 700x23ish road bikes to 650b, downhillers running extra fat 24s in place of 26s, trials bikes with 19"x2.5" subbed in in back, etc. All the same principle. To do it, ideally the spokes would have little or no tension. Jobst Brandt in "The Bicycle Wheel" favors doing it with a little tension. I find I can tell what I'm doing better if they're pretty slack. At the hub end, push each outside spoke hard against its flange. You're trying to get them to lay flat against the flange when not under tension, as opposed to bowing out. (There are other techniques, but doing it with your fingers works fine). At the rim/nipple end, you're trying to prevent any bowing where the spoke enters the nipple. Many wheels don't need any attention here, i.e. the rim hole allows the nipple to swivel naturally into an angle that allows the spoke to run straight, but for the ones that do, just grab pairs of consecutive pushing and pulling spokes that make a "V" (the intersection of the V being the spoke crossing nearest to the rim) and squeeze them together hard to cold set the spoke. I like to do this once the wheel is near its final tension, so that there's only minimal thread movement left to go and you're not pulling the section you just bent up into the nipple.