I noticed each class has a movement ability (leaping/teleport skills), but is it meant to replace running altogether? Is there an omni-character solution? All the Google hits are about "running" Diablo on your PC. Is this a Boss Modifier they have in common, or is it unique to certain areas or party conditions (e.g., everyone dead)? I feel like I've seen this more often with Fire Chains enemies (or something that looks like Fire Chains), but the recollection is vague. Do all enemies regenerate their health upon leaving the current zone? Can shamans and enemy resurrectors replenish life? Can Champions+ regen life for normal enemies? And what affects these rates of regeneration (e.g., difficulty, proximity to neighboring enemies)? Currently, there is no such shortcut, though there have been many complaints on the D3 forums. Click, drag, click. Or, if you prefer not to move your wrist, click, I, click to drop, I (open and close inventory). For each additional party member, monster health scales: +75% HP in Normal, +85% HP in Nightmare, +95% HP in Hell, +110% HP in Inferno.4 5 (The upcoming 1.0.4 patch changes this. Instead of scaling monster health buffs with difficulty, all difficulties get a flat +75% HP increase per each additional party member.6) There are no other party size buffs. Yes, the gem is removed and added to your inventory upon salvage. Don't be afraid. As for the joke bit, it may be a connection back to the "eat your vegetables" subliminal message in Diablo 1.5 I've noticed while waiting to respawn that some enemies regenerate health when no one's around (most without the Vampiric Modifier). I believe I've seen all enemies classes do this at some point (Champions, Uniques, normal, etc.), but I've also seen enemies not regenerate health when I'm dead. Larson is a "unique", or a specific, named version of a regular monster. Unless quest-required, uniques' titles are apropos of nothing (Easter egg additions). Uniques sometimes have special abilities (like rare monsters), but Larson doesn't. There are no other "eaters of vegetables", but maybe that's because none spawn so close to a delicious garden: There may be a few others, but I don't have any confirmation on them - as a rule of thumb, anything that involves replacing arrows with knives or grenades will probably work. I'm curious about the Nether Tentacles rune for Elemental Arrow personally. Assuming you're keeping the blacksmith current, at this point, any additional gold can be spent as you please on upgrading your equipment. Whether you do that through crafting, the auction house, or browsing the various shops of Sanctuary, is your call. There are advantages to all of them, and at this point, the game opens up enough that one-size fits all answers are no longer easy to provide. Just remember to keep your artisans (the Blacksmith, and eventually, the Jeweler) up to date, and you're good to go. Just about the only thing you can do to speed up the skill switching process is to right click on the skill you'd like to change. By doing this you'll jump directly to the skill selection for that key, bypassing one page of the menus you'd normally click through. This is the only way to speed up the process of changing skills. There is no other way to automate or hotkey skill selection in Diablo 3. It must be done through this menu. Any 'out of the box solution' would require, at a minimum, the use of some form of third party macro or automation software, a clear violation of Diablo III's Terms of Use. While such violations are not always detectable or acted on, the possibility of action against your account and revocation of your license to play would give me extreme pause in considering any other solution. Don't give up Intelligence if you can bear it. Non-stat abilities (especially Magic Find) this early in the game are not your friend - you will be tempted to give up good equipment for them, and it isn't worth it. Intelligence will increase your damage and resistances, and should be well above all your other stats. I don't care if those rare boots have 9% Faster Run walk and 10% MF - you use those +20 Int boots over them, any day of the week. That being said, if it isn't a big damage hit, Vitality is also critically important for staying alive. If you're having trouble with large groups, consider what defenses you have. Is your armor spell always up? Keeping up Ice Armor can make a tremendous difference - when they hit you, they get frozen. Similarly, area-of-effect radius spells can be very effective - I'm still using Frost Nova at level 34. Wave of Force has a Stun ability at level 15, too. You'll get even better versions of these, though - Slow Time and Blizzard can be very effective slows, to bottleneck enemies so that you can deal some more damage and hopefully kill them before they get to you. As mentioned by @Hurda in the comments, when all co-op players leave, the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion, who will join you again without having to go back to town. Early on, my typical strategy when surrounded was to Frost Nova, try to deal some damage, then when they were un-frozen, Wave of Force for the stun and either more damage or run away. The Evocation passive skill you get at level 13 is great for keeping these up.