Few toddlers at 2 will have the hand-eye coordination to do much more than scribble, I know my 2 year old is what I'd consider "good" at coloring and it's just a bunch of scribbles on the picture (but it shows good contact and is mostly centered over the picture!). But that's how you get her started, by giving her the chance to do it and showing her how. Kids at that age pick up a lot just by watching and copying/imitating. I can't tell you what to do with your child's father, either, although if it were me I would let him know that such language is inappropriate, and that if he wants to be involved in his son's life, he should read some parenting books, particularly ones that explain how children develop socially and emotionally. That kind of attitude is very unfortunate, and not something I'd be particularly interested in having around my child. Perhaps you have a religious figure or someone in the community who can help. Solitary play – During this stage of play, children will often play alone, with toys different from those of others, and be uninterested or unaware of what others around them are doing. This stage of play is most commonly seen in young toddlers between the ages of 2 and 3, but it is important for children of all age groups to participate in from time to time. Solitary play is common at a young age because cognitive, physical and social skills have yet to fully develop. This type of play is important because it teaches children how to entertain themselves. You decide how much TV your child watches per day. If you allow an hour -- then make 3 green tokens and 3 red tokens. This show uses red tokens, that show uses green. You are the parent and you do control this aspect of your child's life. Choices are really important. They help to build respect, to invite cooperation, to develop problem-solving skills, and it takes advantage of a child's normal requirement for some control. Hi and welcome to Parenting SE! Many children do not start forming sentences until 18-24 months.LINK I'm guessing the OP has already found his road to success, but reading can be intimate and fun and gives us all an opportunity to talk about things or lessons we want to share. My husband reads to me everyday. We have a book club for two. It is a very loving and enjoyable hour. Currently it sounds like your son knows that if he waits he will get the food types he wants. Clever, eh :-) The only real solution is to stick to a rule of As far as what age you may expect them to do it, this is entirely dependent on culture. Some cultures accept breastfeeding to quite an advanced age, others wean as early as possible - and habits like this track with weaning. Of the two, I think the 2nd is most likely. As @Beofett comments: You can understand why babies and toddlers may do that - your body is the source of their comfort and happiness. It is normal for them to do it, although a more common comfort is sucking the thumb, for example. At the end of the day, they will stop at some point, so you can guide this point. And provide other comfort as needed, which could be cuddles where you encourage him to keep his hands to himself, or hold a toy etc. Once he realises he just won't get what he wants and will just go hungry things should change - and don't worry about children going hungry: our doctors all agreed that once they are hungry enough they will eat anything, and that point will come a long way before any harm. At least at that age - teenagers have a much more complicated scenario, apparently, so I'm not looking forward to that...