But such choices require the ability to foresee the consequences of actions. Without such ability, people blunder from one immediate response to another, usually to their doom. Stories are about making difficult choices and choices are only difficult when the person making them has a sophisticated appreciation for the consequences of their actions. (One could argue that this is the original purpose of stories, to teach humans to anticipate and weigh the consequences of their actions.) 

In short, structure is essential. 

Consider how a scene is painted in a movie. A movie director has to fill a fixed frame with a picture 100% of the time. They also have to fill every scene with sound 100% of the time. (Silence is significant in a movie. It means something. Silence is a sound, a deliberate sound.) The problem for a director is that the viewer is free to look at any part of the screen at any time. In order to make sure that the viewer pays attention to the right part of the screen the director needs to induce the viewer to look at a certain part of the screen. They can do this with various cinematic techniques, such as contrast, close ups, movement (the human eye is drawn to movement, which is why we use flashing lights on emergency vehicles), sound cues (a baby's cry makes you look at the baby in the shot), short depth of field, and pull focus. 

So, different things work in pulp than work in literature. Publishing houses and agents looking for pulp want different things than those looking for literature. But if a question on this site does not specify whether the writer is setting out to write pulp or literature, then we should not cite the rule of either pulp or literature as if they were universal. 

So, if you want to make your non-literate society interesting, think more about how the transmission of stories and ideas works in a non-literate culture. You might find it pretty interesting. 

There is, however, one way in which you do need to be able to convey emotion, and that is when the emotions of the characters are actually part of the setup of the emotion for a reader. The nervousness of the groom about to propose is part of the setup for the reader's emotion when the proposal is rejected. We probably don't enter into the nervousness itself to any great extent, but it sets up the emotional payoff of the rejection. 

Of course, if you are trying to write a scene in a busy crowded railway station and you want the reader to experience the same assault on the senses the the character is experiencing, this may be the right technique to achieve it. But most of the time this is not the effect you want. 

Your development as a writer is a matter of refining your public voice, the voice in which you can communicate effectively to people who were not there, who did not see what you saw, did not feel what you felt. This must necessarily be very far from your internal voice, the voice in which you remind yourself what it was like and what you felt and what you imagined.