[1] Herlihy, David. Medieval Households. Harvard University Press, 1985. The most fitting example to your question, though, would be the Dukes of Burgundy. While nominally a French fief, the lords of Burgundy acquired many territories that were nominally part of the Holy Roman Empire. In AD 1416, John the Fearless paid homage to the Emperor for Franche Comté, which was an Imperial fief, while the French King Charles VII later exempted his son from paying homage in an agreement (i.e. normally the Duke of Burgundy was obliged to paid homage). Pretty much all of these examples were taken to Japan by the Portuguese. Realistically, no castle could hope to produce enough food to sustain a reasonably-sized garrison, and I doubt that anyone would have wanted to try. In fact, the whole point of a castle is so that you don't have to defend all your farms and forests and pastures. However, having only just transferred to the Tudor court from Scotland, it could also be the case that his intelligence on Bristol weren't the most accurate. [4] The coasts of Newfoundland and Northeastern America in general were excellent fisheries with significant commercial value well into the early modern era. Fish caught would be salted and dried on the islands before being shipped back (the reason why France retained Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon in the Treaty of Paris, as late as 1763). There is some evidence[2] that at least some attempts did reach Newfoundland, but many voyages were indeed failures. The Itineraria Symonis Simeonis et Willelmi de Worcestre recorded an early (supposedly) failed attempt by the author William Botoner's brother-in-law, John Jay: Note: During times of siege, livestock were often sheltered within the castle grounds, and slaughtered as needed for food. This was not exactly a sustainable source of food, however, nor could it feed an entire garrison for any length of time. - Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. Additionally, it has often been claimed that that Poland fared better due to having fewer rats. Two popular explanations offered for this theory is that Poland had more cats, or alternatively less food for rats. While not on your list, other classical writers such as Polybius shared this disbelief. Polybius in particular could not believe the grandiose achievements, probably out of envy. On the other hand, not all writers were so sceptical. His contemporary Greek historian Timaeus is reported to have believed him; Pliny the Elder, who relied on Timaeus' second hand source, is not always convinced, but did incorporate his materials into his own works. - Forgeng, Jeffrey L., and Jeffrey L. Singman. Daily life in Medieval Europe. Greenwood Publishing Group, 1999. In the heart of Charlemange's empire, the Kings of West Francia became elected after the Carolingian Empire was reunited under Charles the Fat. This continue through to Hugh Capet's election and beyond, though royal power rendered it a formality and the institution died a quiet death after a couple of centuries. The Kings of East Francia, later Holy Roman Emperors, however remained elective until the Empire was dissolved in 1806, possibly to prevent Napoleon's election. - Cantor, Norman F. In the Wake of the Plague: The Black Death and the World It Made. Simon and Schuster, 2001. However, few colonial couples marry as young as earlier writers had once assumed [11]. In early English colonies, the average age at first marriage for women were late teens to very early twenties[12], roughly five years lower than that of England. In Massachusetts[13], women married around 19 to 20 in the early 17h century. Maryland women married even younger at 17 to 18, while for Virginians it was closer to 21[14].