I found another reference to a turreted FV432 used to patrol the Berlin Wall. It does not appear to be stretched. 

The Battle of Gaugamela saw multiple penetrations of the Macedonian line by cavalry. A charge by chariots was thwarted by deliberately allowing them to pass through the infantry, only to be defeated by reserves. 

That's just from Britain. The US sent even more. An exhaustive list from From Major Jordan's Diaries puts the value at over $9 billion in the 1940s. (That source is not official, it's from an Army officer's notes and published in the hey-day of anti-Soviet hysteria, but it's the best I've seen). 

In the more modern era, a raider might wish to plunder its prize for supplies, fuel and food. The more supplies they can capture and use, the longer they can remain a threat at sea, and the further they can roam. 

Good military operation names are picked for these reasons: to deliberately deceive the enemy, to have no association with the operation whatsoever, to raise the morale of the troops, or for political/marketing reasons. 

However, the safe zones were not adequately protected. Bosnian Serbs continually tested the UN's resolve by taking UN hostages, seizing weapons caches, and brazenly ignoring UN demands. The most obvious violation was Sarajevo, still under siege. It all culminated in the Srebrenica massacre when thousands of Muslim men and boys were massacred while the UN troops on the ground were too few to stop them, bound by rules of engagement from calling in support, and overrun. 

An Olympic archer can reliably put an arrow into a 12cm ring at 70m. A man sized target is about 3 times as large. Apparent target size is directly proportional to distance. Ignoring the problems of wind and arrow drop we can put our upper bound at about 200m. 

Attacking a gap in the line of an ancient formation with fast moving forces may bring you victory. The goal is to pass through quickly, before the enemy heavy infantry have time to react, and fall upon their rear. This is why ancient formations were relatively compact, even between their companies, and most cavalry battles took place on the wings where there is room to maneuver. 

Keep in mind that at this time, carriers were still very new and mostly untested. The British had demonstrated the actual power of aircraft against ships in harbor at the Battle Of Taranto and that lesson was still being absorbed. There were so many other targets between the Japanese home islands and Hawaii, and the war hadn't even started yet, that an unprecedented massed carrier strike at Pearl seemed a very remote possibility. 

I will also assume the person isn't wearing more than normal clothing. If you want to get into penetrating armor with an arrow, that's another question. Most soldiers on a medieval battlefield would be wearing padded or leather armor at most.