We could also be in the "Goldilocks zone" of matter distribution, where observers are unlikely to survive elsewhere. The odds of just one hole goes down, but the theory of massive variations in distribution itself could still make sense. 

The philosophy here surely doesn't obligate one to be a Kantian, because we are talking about a model here. Whatever lies behind the model, we realize that we have reduced it to terms we can handle. There is no presumption of a deeper reality, just of a lack of perfect fit between the model and things we have not managed to observe. 

But that does not undermine its usability as a component of theories. It just requires compromise between different applications of the principle to be chosen by each theory. We just have to guess what is and is not special about home until we get a good sense of life abroad. 

This seems to imply an expectation that the absent dog is going to return, or that he can be found. It is hard to frame this as anything other than a real ontological belief in the existence of the dog, which is maintained contrary to mere evidence. 

So Tegmark's is, at the very least, an un-disprovable assertion, and one that sets the very frame of Occam's razor. To doubt it not only requires we create unnecessary entities, but that we acknowledge that those entities are utterly unhelpful to us, since they are necessarily unknowable and beyond consideration. 

Our perceptual system is not as passive as recent history has traditionally depicted it. We do not perceive things and make sense of them. Instead, it seems, perception works by projecting options that would fit our fondest assumptions, and evaluating how they fit with the external data. https://www.braindecoder.com/up-to-90-of-your-perception-could-be-made-up-purely-by-the-brain-1104633927.html 

Maybe that means we would have gotten to this point earlier, from a history with a better mixture of masculine and feminine perspective. And maybe that means we can get a cleaner way forward from there with a more equally mixed perspective. 

Given that theory of what mathematics is, the question then becomes, in stages of progressive aggressiveness: 

The basic idea that public education aims for complete coverage at a given height reflects this intuition. We want you to graduate, because we want to empower people as much as we can as long as we know we are actually empowering them. We want to raise them to the degree that they are free to make their way in whatever direction they see as 'upward' from there, knowing this is going to vary almost full circle across the population. 

Since Intuitionism denies meaning to the law of the excluded middle in infinite domains, things are free to not exist, yet not not-exist. 

If we divide both length and time in half we have maintained c. 

We have certainly evolved adaptations that allow us to populate a broader range of the planet. So while you may or may not want to consider local adaptations as evolution of the whole species, we do see the process of evolution at work selecting humans for different environments. It is not clear this somehow advances the species as a whole, because they seem to take the form of selective trade-offs. But they allowed us to migrate to areas we could not previously occupy. 

I don't think you can choose a way to do this that would allow the speed of light 'c', the Planck constant 'h-bar' and the gravitational constant 'G' to all remain the same. 

independence is not in-and-of-itself good (roles are ok, when they are fairly chosen), 

Some of the central lessons that 'culture' feminism has had to inject in other places (e.g. Gilligan's criticism of Kohlberg, or Fox-Keller's of abstraction as dominance) are that: 

But at the same time, one should deny that they really can be encountered in reality. So they "do not exist". 

If everyone can get near that point, and build out from there, and when massive changes occur, can return to that point and choose a different orientation, then one can always see one's own direction as 'upward', and others' notions of 'upward' as 'sideways'. You can have leverage on reality of certain sorts, without absolutely differential access to control. 

From that perspective, the one explanation that appears to help us the very least is that of complete randomness. It renders us powerless in the instant, so it is very hard to get to. Any alternative that involves people, or deeper meaning will present itself first, unless we have purposely trained ourselves out of considering it -- God and ghosts are a better model, if we think they might listen, or that we can predict their behavior because of their similarities to us. We only dismiss them because we have been making those same jumps for millennia and been wrong. 

A better example is how children acquire grammar. No one sits them down and states the rules, because the rules would have to be stated in some language, and the child is just beginning to acquire their first language.