Now, on to more specific examples. They are useful for separating (or distinguishing) light from darkness Clearly prophecy is the work of the Holy Spirit. (Also see Jeremiah 1:1-9, 2 Samuel 23:2, Acts 3:18, and Hebrews 10:15-17.) 

3) The vastness of God's creation in the cosmos served at numerous points in Scripture as a reference for man to understand something innumerable. For example: However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. They inspire awe in men about the greatness of God The short answer is that Paul made a general statement to this effect: 

The problem is that the term "omnipresent" is not a Biblical term; it is a term used by numerous religions to describe their Supreme Being in a philosophically acceptable way. It has almost come to be accepted as a philosophical given (in modern times) that if there is a God, He must be omnipresent -- even "in Hell." 2) In the book of Psalms we have a couple psalms of David which give us some additional insight: They "govern" the day and the night They are useful for marking (and causing) days and years We all know that the 10 Commandments were written by the very finger of God, but what about the rest of the Law? 

Someone might cite Psalm 139:7–10 as proof that God actually is present everywhere -- even in Hell. However, this verse uses the Old Testament term, Sheol, which is more accurately translated as something like "grave" or "death"; even the righteous were said to go there when they die. David's emotive song simply indicates that even if he (a righteous man in God's sight) were to die, God would be with him. Sheol is not the same as "Hell" (in the modern meaning of the term.) Hell is primarily used today to refer to the lake of fire; the place of final, eternal destruction and judgment. Caleb used an interesting verse (Rev. 14:10) to support his view that those who are in Hell (i.e. the lake of fire) will actually be in the presence of the Lamb for eternity. However, the verse in question does not seem to be referring to Hell (i.e. the final place of eternal torment.) For instance, Dr. Constable, renowned commentator from Dallas Theological Seminary, has this to say: Short Answer: Yes, the Bible does give us some indication as to why He created the rest of the heavenly bodies. 

The two passages being quoted in verse 20 are Psalms 69:25 and Psalms 109:8. Although these were "Psalms", clearly they were prophetic utterances by the Holy Spirit, which "had to be fulfilled." All Scripture is authored by God via the Holy Spirit. A case can also be made that all Scripture is prophecy, which makes it even more clear that the Spirit was the instrument of God for authoring Scripture. Beyond the generic statements, we have a number of specific examples which support this doctrine. 

Background: I am interested in learning more about numerology. In this post I am specifically interested in the arguments used by those who reject this doctrine. 

They are useful for marking (and causing) seasons This may be an issue of semantics. Here is my impression: 

The list goes on, but these are probably the clearest passages in Scripture on the topic. 

If there is no such thing as a "non-numerologist", or there are no counterarguments, please provide some sort of evidence or reference to this effect. Thanks! 

Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan also came among them to present himself before the Lord. -Job 2:1 

2 Peter 3:14-16 shows that the epistles are also part of Scripture. 

They provide light to the earth The phrase "inspired by God" is literally translated as "God-breathed". So the Bible is not merely a collection of wise men's writings, but is actually authored by God, through men, by the Spirit. O Lord, our Lord, How majestic is Your name in all the earth, Who have displayed Your splendor above the heavens! . . . When I consider Your heavens, the work of Your fingers, The moon and the stars, which You have ordained; What is man that You take thought of him, And the son of man that You care for him? -Psalm 8:1-4