It seems this unusually behavior from an adult increases their focus on the problem while taking away the joy of the attention (positive or negative) because they do not have the parent's eye contact. 

Help her be creative in her play by modeling fun food play with her on your plate as you eat. This is a great opportunity for her to develop fine motor skills while she explores food textures and has great fun. Tapping and stirring with the spoon, pouring puree from one container to another, stacking food, and making figures or picture from various food items are all fun activities. Model "kissing" the spoon, food and cup playfully and playing "copy cat" with you eating one then she eats one. Also, have her help "clean up" by throwing the food into a trash can or even on your plate. 

For a 9 month old, this will include exploration of their environment through physical manipulation, trial and error, and problem solving. As a parent, view every day events and surroundings with fresh eyes. Provide opportunities for self exploration in every part of the child's world. Encourage manipulation of objects in unique ways to develop a sense of mass, weight, texture, patterns, structure, sound, construct, balance, taste, reflection...the list is endless. 

Rotating their wrist up and down or laterally is equivalent to me doing a somersault. It is not going to happen with a pleasant outcome. If their movement is not smooth and refined the results are pushing too far causing a gag or poking tender tissue. 

Be consistent and creative and be sure to have fun yourself! 

Most children go through a period of dysfluent speech (stuttering) between the ages of 2 and 5 years. There is a normal development dysfluency BUT this is also the age that many with TRUE stuttering begin have difficulties. The real question is to determine what is the difference. 

Busy toddlers burn lots of calories. A child that is not gaining weight steadily can be in danger of not meeting their nutritional needs. This is the reason for your physician's concern. 

Here are some strategies for adding calories. 

This strategy will provide a bonding/play time around pleasant food experiences, provide sensory experiences promoting sensory development, promote fine motor skills, condition to the mealtime schedule, develops oral motor and social turn taking skills as well as creating a desire for contact with food rather than rejection of it. 

Weaning from nursing/bottle feeding is possibly the best time to wean from the pacifier because they no longer NEED to rely on sucking. 

These strategies are recommended by dieticians. You may even want to ask your physician for a referral for a dietary consult with a dietician that can help you with a very specific plan for your child. 

Then, graduate to a vibrating toothbrush. The vibration is of great benefit to ones with oral sensory sensitivities and makes toothbrushing fun. 

Barefoot: Going barefoot is the best protection against flatfeet per research. Arches can be strengthened by going barefoot on uneven terrain. Walking in sand is especially exercising. 

As a speech language pathologist, I've been trained in treating stuttering. Yet, when my own child became dysfluent at an early age, I was baffled and concerned. 

An evaluation by a speech language pathologist is always warranted if the problem is of concern to parents. The Stuttering Foundation of America has great information at http://www.stutteringhelp.org. Their publication "If You Think Your Child is Stuttering" has valuable detailed information. 

This significantly reduced our son's pain during running activities such as Pee Wee basketball and track.