Which, by itself and read without any context, does seem to imply that a woman needs to bear children to be "saved". But we should know better than to read passages without their surrounding context. Context is king ☺. But regardless of how he meant it, your question wonders whether there's a scriptural basis for seeking and knowing nature and created things as much we should seek and know the scriptures: and really there's not. Is this passage implying that Moses left his wife and children before he went into the wilderness? I'm not talking about the general call to salvation or that God gives certain gifts to some and not others, but about the specific colloquialism of "...called from God to be/not be a pastor." The church loves to use the idiom called to preach. It's the idea that (for the purposes of this question) God calls some people to preach or pastor and He doesn't call others. A person might say "...I felt God's call to preach" Daniel 4:13 ESV I saw in the visions of my head as I lay in bed, and behold, a watcher, a holy one, came down from heaven. But that's speaking for a human relations perspective. God can certainly handle our anger if we direct it towards him in desperation, and he wants us to. God wants our hearts--ALL of our heart! In the end, someone saying they visited heaven or had a vision of it is like someone saying they were abducted by aliens. You don't have proof either way so you just kind of take the person at their word. I take vengeance in this context to mean that God will intercede for a wronged person and give the other party their come-up-pance here on earth (distinct from His eternal judgement). Jesus said he's preparing this heaven for us. It seems unusual that God would create a place for us, have us visit it, then send us back--though this isn't necessarily out of the question. Jesus seems to say the opposite of that here: Isaiah 49:15 ESV Can a woman forget her nursing child, that she should have no compassion on the son of her womb? Even these may forget, yet I will not forget you. Revelation 4:1 ESV After this I looked, and behold, a door standing open in heaven! And the first voice, which I had heard speaking to me like a trumpet, said, “Come up here, and I will show you what must take place after this. I think anger falls under the category of "all worries and cares." Especially if you consider frustration a form of anger. Why I ask: A "calling" from God is a highly debated thing, whereas a "desire" is something everyone knows the definition of. Some young believers may be becoming dissuaded from their desire to lead in their local church because they've been incorrectly convinced that they need some fantastical "clouds-parting-in-the-sky" experience from God. Acts 26:19 ESV Therefore, O King Agrippa, I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision Habakkuk 1:2-4 ESV O Lord, how long shall I cry for help, and you will not hear? Or cry to you “Violence!” and you will not save? Why do you make me see iniquity, and why do you idly look at wrong? Destruction and violence are before me; strife and contention arise. So the law is paralyzed, and justice never goes forth. For the wicked surround the righteous; so justice goes forth perverted. This idea that women need to bear children to be saved is, of course, totally contradictory to the rest of the new testament and any of Paul's other writings. Paul made great effort to emphasize the fact that it takes faith in Jesus Christ to make peace (i.e., get saved) with God.