Whether this would have really become policy or remained just a bit of Churchillian bluster is impossible to tell. 

So, it seems that wikipedia's current characterization of him is not correct. It is ostensibly based on the book by Olusoga & Erichsen which I don't have access to so I can't check wiki's source myself. 

The end of communist governance in the USSR The communist party (CPSU) high-handedly ran the Soviet state ever since its inception. This was formally acknowledged in Article 6 of the Soviet constitution of 1977 (the earlier 1936 constitution had a similar article too, of course). But during perestroika the reins of power began to slip from the party's grasp and on March 14, 1990 this article was amended from the clear-cut statement of communist paramountcy: 

The regional elites now sensed weakness on behalf of the central government and saw an opportunity to assert themselves. Thus during 1990 many republics of the USSR either seceded or asserted their "sovereignty", finding themselves at loggerheads with the central authorities. Which laws were now to take precedence? The federal or the republican ones? 

I am quoting the review of a new book that compares Gandhi to the Stoics: 

The struggle to preserve the federal state During 1990 and 1991 the Soviet state went into implosion mode. Long-repressed ethnic rivalries escalated into violence, pogroms, and open warfare. The federal leadedrship, no longer sure of itself, tried half-hearted repression and then when things went sour, reneged on its own repressive measures, blaming local army commanders. This cost it its credit with the military and police. 

While Indian traditions have certainly influenced Gandhi very much, one mustn't neglect the large influence that Western (broadly construed) thought had on him. For instance, he was very influenced by Tolstoy. 

Gorbachev, an astute enough politician, saw what was going on, saw that the old Soviet system was by now beyond saving and took a reasonable step: he invited those republics who have not seceded (9 out of 15) to negotiate a new federal compact. In effect, the Soviet Union was going to be replaced by a new creation, the Union of Sovereign States. 

Another telling fact is that if one read's carefully the wiki page on the referendum, it turns out that originally there were 5 questions planned, rather than one. Question 2 and 3 were to refer to the preservation, respectively, of the socialist system and of the Soviets. However, all the extra questions were dropped from the final ballot. Probably because the organizers did not feel they would be able to secure a majority on them. 

The genocide took place during 1904-1907, organized by General von Trotha. Wikipedia says: 

However, the source cited in wikipedia does not provide any details of the public outrage. I would like to know what form did it take? Did people write editorials? Did deputies protest in the Reichstag? Rallies? Lectures? Petitions? Demonstrations? 

Moreover, the attempts at the battlefield victory were so costly, that the Western allies did not even consider it an option by the start of WW2. 

Despite the general perception of "German efficiency", the 3d Reich was far from efficient, in part due to Hitler's tendency to encourage competition by giving the same task to several people. One example is the existence of the Waffen-SS, which grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions (another being Luftwaffe Field Divisions). 

Given that USSR exploited every sympathiser for its nefarious purposes (cf. Atomic spies, communists in the state department &c), and given that Hoover, as the FBI Director, was acutely aware of that (much more than the general public!), it is hardly surprising that he viewed everyone leaning to the Left as suspect and wished to undermine them. 

However, this was common knowledge among Jewish "abiturients" (as the contenders for college admission were called) and their friends, well documented by Alexander Shen, Tanya Khovanova, Valery Senderov (neither or them is a Jew) et al. Trying to deny it is akin to denying the October 23, 2014 partial solar eclipse: millions of people saw it, even if you cannot find a book mentioning it. 

The only way to evaluate the impact of L-L is based on circumstantial evidence. 

Since history is commonly used to justify politics, it is extremely prone to ideological biases. You cannot trust even the primary sources - things written by the event participants. E.g., if you read the Soviet press on 1941 June 20, you will learn that the main war monger is Churchill, and if you read it on 1941 June 25, you will learn that the main war monger is Hitler.