I have painted a couple bike frames (think really cheap garage-find rebuilds) with varying degrees of failure. Can you help me correct/fill in the missing pieces of my frame painting process? Breaking Down the Bike: Remove everything except the Bottom Bracket, which can be masked. (Removing BB is to easy for me to mess up) Fork can be removed and painted separately. Stripping old paint off a bike frame: Easy enough using scraper, sandpaper, and even super-dangerous paint stripper. Cleaning off Rust: Rust can be sanded off pretty easily, even using tinfoil on sensitive/chrome areas works really well. Masking: Mask the BB, the Fork and Seatpost holes, and anything else that shouldn't be painted. Priming: A few coats of primer is absolutely necessary to fight rust. Painting: Here's where I am lost. I have heard these options: Powder-Coating at an AutoBody shop: Don't know much about the cost EDIT: Costs around $200, according to wdypdx22 below. or pros and cons. Probably not financially feasible on a garage-find bike build, or am I wrong? 

According to Wikipedia, Gold has an "ultimate tensile strength" of 100 MPa, while steel runs from 400 to 5000. (Carbon fiber laminate is 1600.) One way to fit the seat height is to have someone hold the bike while you pedal backwards with your heels on the pedals. With your heels on the pedals the knees should go perfectly straight at the bottom of the stroke, but with no need to rock side-to-side to maintain contact with the pedals. (Once you switch to using your toes on the pedals in a normal fashion the proper almost-straight leg extension is obtained.) (And, of course, due to the weight of the frame, the frame strength would have to be beefed up, so you'd need more gold still.) The seat should be positioned so that your leg is almost fully extended at the bottom of the stroke (the knee should not go perfectly straight). 

The question is, can you do your MIG welding rapidly enough to not destroy the temper of the tubing? A standard diamond frame (with horizontal top bar), for road use, should be sized so that you can stand flat-footed over the top bar with a "comfortable" margin (but no more) between the bar and the stuff above the bar. (A bike used off-road will generally be a bit more compact, and, of course, the top bar is often not horizontal.) See "J.C. Higgins Girls Flightliner" on this page. Perhaps not the exact bike, but quite close. And I think Western Auto was also fond of the "tank" between the bars. 

Off-road, and for stunt riding, generally the seat will be a bit lower, and some may find it convenient to lower the seat a bit for city riding. But be aware that a too-low seat puts significant strain on the knees and can lead to knee injury (especially when combined with riding in a too-difficult gear). The reason that brazing is traditionally used on steel bikes is so that the temper of the chromoly tubes won't be wrecked. (The high temperatures associated with conventional welding would seriously damage the tubing.) However, Cannondale, in their push to develop good aluminum bikes, invented the technique of rapid welding (since aluminum can't be brazed, and traditional welding worked poorly). This technique was transferred to the manufacturer of steel bikes, which is why most modern steel bikes are welded (without lugs) rather than lugged and brazed. Gold has a specific gravity of about 19, while steel has a specific gravity of about 7.8. So it would take about 4 times as much pure gold by volume, or about 9.7 times as much gold by weight. A 15 pound steel frame would weigh about 145 pounds in gold.