4. Promise the behavior will not be repeated. Then off you go, and make sure you do all of it and more. Keep all the worksheets, tests, etc. to turn over to the teachers on your return (graded, indexed by subject in a binder, of course, and with a summary of grades, etc.) You'll be schooling one student, which can be done in a fraction of the time it takes to teach an entire class because there's no waiting on other students to get their books out, to ask questions, to line up for recess, etc. I think you're being wise here. Acknowledge your son's true feelings of love and admiration for his playmate. But to have him express these feelings might cause some discomfort in someone in whom the feelings aren't reciprocated. As he has asked what he should do, you are giving him good advice. I would explain the consequences you mention in a gentle and straightforward manner, without being overly fearful of the negative possibilities. If he chooses to tell her anyway, he might be in for a pleasant surprise, or he will have been warned. First, your son must apologize properly for what he's done. This is best done in front of the parents, for they were hurt as well. To apologize effectively, he should If there's more (he's at a new school because there was a separation and you moved; he's at a new school because there was a job change and you moved; he's angry at losing his old friends, there are cliques at his new school, he's in a very different kind of school environment in which he feels insecure, etc., etc.) then your job is harder, but whatever the case, you need to start having some regular talks about why before you can effect a change. This is eminently doable, and you'll have surprisingly little trouble carrying this out. The simplest way is what I'll describe first. (May vary by state) If you make a unilateral decision, it will teach her that what the women in your family want is relatively unimportant. But if it is a reasonably democratic process between your wife and yourself, it will teach her that you care about your wife's emotional well being, which is an important lesson for a young female to learn. As @Becuzz states, you need to present a compelling argument to get your wife on board. None of my kids build anything, none are engineers, etc., even though they insisted on keeping their Lego toys (as opposed to donating them) into their 20s. I guess that made them Lego nerds, but in our case at least, their early interest in Legos didn't translate into any particular cognitive bent or skill. You have offered an apology, but you aren't the guilty party. Your son did the damage to the fellow he spit on. His parents hurt for their son. What you feel is probably exponentially more than anyone else. Some of this depends on the culture you (or the other child) are in. One of my children had a steadfast, reciprocated "love" (and I have no doubt it was love) for a playmate for years. Both sets of parents were fine with it. 2. Verbalize why it was wrong (he needs to think with empathy about how this might have affected the other boy. This means he doesn't get to say, "It wouldn't have bothered me," or, "I would have laughed.") How would your son have felt - honestly - if the reverse had happened? Belittled? Humiliated? Disrespected? Loved? Befriended? Happy? To discuss this, he needs an emotional vocabulary2. If he is not naturally empathetic, you'll need to work on empathy with your son. On the other hand, one of my other children professed (at 7) his admiration for a crush, and the parents not only called us in alarm, but forbade the little girl from talking to him in the future. It was a valuable (and somewhat painful) lesson all around. Boundaries need to be respected. It might be that when everyone contributes to the pros and cons, you will see that your desire to move is not in keeping with the happiness and well being of your entire family. Maybe everyone will be surprised to find a move would improve family time. 5. Ask if there's anything he can do to mitigate the hurt he's caused. (E.g. if he did this in front of other kids, he should also apologize publicly as well. This is mitigating if the recipient was humiliated.) Age Determination Guidelines – Relating Children’s Ages to Toy Characteristics and Play Behaviour. PDF Toy age guidelines – lessons from Lego and The Simpsons As a parent, you need to find out why he's acting out. You don't mention anything that might point to a cause of this except for being at a new school. If that's all that is different, it does make it easier. Ah, the heartbreak of parenthood (I'm serious.) You have asked what you can do. You say your son offered a half-hearted apology. If you want him to learn why his behavior hurts others as well as himself, he'll have to do a lot better than half-hearted apologies. In the US, the agency responsible for determining recommended age ranges for toys is the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Most toy manufacturers use these guidelines. In any case, this is a great idea and a fantastic opportunity not to be missed! Enjoy the trip, and the preparations. Please let us know how it goes! When you know which elementary school years you want to travel, start looking for this information which is filed with the school district superintendent's office; the school principal will have copies as well, but I'd start with the district myself. (You might find a lot of this information for online. Search goals and objectives/expectations/reading lists/ etc.) This is a very valid concern. Kids who felt like outsiders during their childhood often carry the effects of this for a very long time.