If the business do not support you then give serious thought to the precariousness of your position as Scrum Master in that particular organisation. If you are a contractor, dust of your liability insurance and begin to reach out to recruiters. It is unlikely that this situation will be resolved without someone leaving the project or at the very least asking for evidence from you that you have done the correct things. How much documentation would you expect a Scrum Team to produce working within a Multinational Corporation? Current tools in use for administration are Confluence/JIRA. 5 Dysfunctions of a Team The 5 DOAT is a fairly popular framework for producing high-functioning teams. Each dysfunction is, coincidentally, mirrored by the 5 Scrum Values of Stories of family deaths, heroic war actions, divorces, bankruptcies, abusive husbands followed by educational attainment, spiritual fulfilment, marriages. If the Product Owner does not consider the Definition of Done to have been met then technically the Scrum Team have not accomplished the Definition of Done and the PO reserves the right to reject the User Story(s) as not done. As the Scrum Master you are the master-servant of the team including coaching. Many agile commentators forget the master part but the business is paying you to impose your will upon the team to make them a productive, cohesive unit. You are not a tea-boy. Reaffirm to yourself that you are in control of team. Unfortunately, managers in the industry do, so the certificate is valuable. If you can find someone who's recommended, or someone who's actually failed people on the course, then they're probably better than average. Edit: We had a much easier time on that project after we invited someone from the PMO to come and see how we were working and decide what kind of tracking he'd like. He liked the atmosphere in our team area so much he ended up sitting with us most of the time! PMO people are human, too... Agile is the term we give to the conglomerate of practices, the body of knowledge and the community built around similar methodologies and practices, including Scrum but also XP, DSDM and others. I should also address your other question: no, what you're doing is not the practice commonly called a Scrum. It's the practice commonly called micro-management. The meeting you're describing (well, the meeting you should be having, see below) is a Scrum, sometimes called a stand-up. Once you've got your CSM, be careful that you don't end up on a project where you're solely responsible for the Agile process with no support. A CSM is not enough. You'll need either some experienced Agilists or a coach around to help you. Edit: Since answering this question, the Scrum Alliance has adopted an exam to go with the course, so it's actually possible to fail. Scrum - the methodology - is a set of practices, of which the Scrum meeting is core. You can think of Agile methodologies as different toolboxes, where the tools can be used together very effectively. You can then provide all the tracking based on those capabilities. Most trainers have never failed anyone on a CSM course, and not all CST (Certified Scrum Trainers) are good at getting useful learning across. For this reason, I don't put much faith myself in the certificates. If you've already got stories, you can map the stories to the capabilities / outcomes and come up with them that way (search for "Story Mapping"). Declaration of interest: I'm an Agile coach and make pretty good money sorting out the mess for people who've relied on CSMs. Not ideal but that's the best approach we've managed so far. Want to add a code review step? Just add a column. That's easy in some virtual products but a pain in some. This works for us but I advise you go through the same process as we did and examine what value you do get out of your current process before making any changes. The important thing is that you look carefully at why you do those things and replace them with something else that gives you the same result, in a way that works better for your team. We've struggled with this too. This kinda summarises our journey, that's not to say the same things will apply to you! This enabled us to bring the work in sooner, allowing us to better plan when we needed to start design work in order to ensure it was signed off in time to work on the story. This has worked OK but it does cause some issues with velocity and estimation (see Lunivore's answer) and I was never keen on having dependent stories in the backlog (design is valueless without the dev, dev cant be done without the design). Teams also invite members of other teams to showcases etc. The tech team can then look at the work and decide whether we'd be able to meet the core requirements with that investment. This type of benefits led sign off feels more healthy to me as it avoids fixing the scope up front, and helps focus everyone on the final objective rather than the detail.