St. Thomas Aquinas addressed the question is his Summa Teologica, however, and gives a good answer (that also meets your requested criteria for a quote from a reputed theologian). emphasis mine in the passage below 

The Catholic Church teaches that God is immutable. 

That's a very clear, understandable high-level explanation of the process including who makes the decisions. 

To give an example, in all the activities in the Protestant Churches I described, each and every one of those activities vary. The sermon is different every week. The Hymns vary (in our Church they are chosen because the doctrine in the Hymn is directly relevant to the sermon message) The format stays the same, but the contents seem different. 

In my own Church (A Baptist one) it's handled in a more straightforward democratic fashion. Once per year, the Pastor puts together a budget of anticipated expenses (by category - Pastoral care, Sunday School Supplies, etc.) and anticipated income (based on last year's Tithes, growth trends, etc.), and presents it to the Church. The Church (meaning the voting (age 18+) members of the local Church) discuss and vote on the budgets. Usually we accept the Pastor's budget, but we may discuss and adjust certain line-items. Then, throughout the year, as needs arise, they are met if they fall within the budget. The Pastor has some leeway on certain items. For example, we have a line item for "Needs of others", and the Pastor can dole that out to individuals in need at his discretion. 

The Catholic Church teaches that man's sins may be absolved by the Church. Absolution from sin means "To free from sin", which is pretty much the same as forgiveness of sins. 

Later on, the article explores what he intends to do in this retreat - Devote his life to prayer: 

Please be very mindful of where I say "assuming this definition, then..." On those statements, I am intentionally using that assumption as a logical starting point for assumptions. I am not saying I hold those views, or that I condone or deny them. I am trying very hard to avoid the mines in this minefield 

Other than those factors, it appears that the World Youth Day is remarkably similar to the smaller Protestant events. There is teaching, readings from Scripture (and Catechism), etc. All intended to encourage a closer relationship with God and the Church. 

So, the logic follows, if God never changes, it seems to follow that what God sees as right or wrong would never change, so is there a doctrine that allows the Church to say that something that's currently considered "wrong" at one point in time can be considered "right" at another? 

Eating of the fruit, in direct contradiction to what He told them to do is the definition of rebellion. They chose to do what they wanted instead of what God had commanded. 

Admittedly, this next is at best, an educated guess, but it seems to me that, for the sake of convenience, a Church, or a diocese would settle on a simple, easy to remember common age that would serve as a "rule of thumb". When a child reaches this age or school grade level, he or she is likely to have reached the age of accountability. This would make it much simpler to organize classes in the Church to provide the necessary training, education, and preparation in a group/class setting. 

First, the statement that his needs will be seen to are addressed here: 

Before getting to the question, here's a high-level explanation of my Church's process and who makes the decisions. 

You're not going to find one answer on this. To some, the existence of God is self-evident, to others it's not. Then you get into "what does self-evident mean". 

"'indissolubility' of marriage" seems to be a moral central doctrinal principle. 

There is a teaching that is very common in Baptist Churches that the Baptist Church has its origins in the New Testament Church, long before the Reformation. A fair representation of the teaching is found at Providence Baptist Ministries. 

The Church does not recognise divorces dispensed by civil courts and thus regards people who have remarried as adulterers. 

I answer that, A thing can be self-evident in either of two ways; on the one hand, self-evident in itself, though not to us; on the other, self-evident in itself, and to us. A proposition is self-evident because the predicate is included in the essence of the subject, as "Man is an animal," for animal is contained in the essence of man. If, therefore the essence of the predicate and subject be known to all, the proposition will be self-evident to all; as is clear with regard to the first principles of demonstration, the terms of which are common things that no one is ignorant of, such as being and non-being, whole and part, and such like. If, however, there are some to whom the essence of the predicate and subject is unknown, the proposition will be self-evident in itself, but not to those who do not know the meaning of the predicate and subject of the proposition. Therefore, it happens, as Boethius says (Hebdom., the title of which is: "Whether all that is, is good"), "that there are some mental concepts self-evident only to the learned, as that incorporeal substances are not in space." Therefore I say that this proposition, "God exists," of itself is self-evident, for the predicate is the same as the subject; because God is His own existence as will be hereafter shown (Q. 3, A. 4). Now because we do not know the essence of God, the proposition is not self-evident to us; but needs to be, demonstrated by things that are more known to us, though less known in their nature—namely, by effects.