I haven't tried to understand this in detail, but some wikipedia authors apparently believe that this is a geometric representation: One nice example here would be how an inverse semigroup can represent an equivalence relation with essentially the same amount of information as the corresponding binary relation, while a group requires exponentially more (artificial) elements, if it doesn't want to add structure to the underlying set that wasn't there before. This would also partly explain what I mean by trading a finite context for an infinite one. If I require exponentially more (artificial) elements than the natural numbers, than I have to cope with the continuum. The natural numbers are still a finite context in a certain sense, but the continuum is definitively an infinite context. Common to all three position is a strong commitment to the existence of mathematical objects and to the falsifiable consequences of that existence. These strong forms of idealism have actually been falsified theoretically and practically by progress on the foundations of mathematics and the tremendous success of abstract mathematics. (But the strong forms of formalism have also been falsified.) As soon as classical logic tries to talk about the physical world, it needs time or a similar "trick". Is this only a "problem" of classical logic, or will any logic be affected by this "problem"? Jean-Yves Girard invented linear logic (and proof nets) to address this problem. It turns out that linear logic is successful in this respect, but why should we consider it to be a logic? Girard argues convincingly that it is indeed a logic, because it has a complete deduction system and a cut-elimination theorem. (He also mentions that classical logic and intuitionistic logic can be embedded into linear logic, and that linear logic can be embedded into classical logic by using time.) The book also omits the truth constants for "true" (1/T/⊤=top) and "false" (0/F/⊥=bottom). This seems to be a more common omission also in other books. At least the omission of a truth constant for "false" seems to have a noticeable impact on the text. This constant seems to be implicitly required for some theorems, and replacements for it like "¬x≡x" or "(φ ∧ ¬φ)" (which is an abbreviation for "¬(¬φ ∨ ¬¬φ)", but could be replaced by "¬(φ ∨ ¬φ)") keep to be invented on the fly (or the theorems are stated with more distinction of cases than necessary). It also reduces the expressive power of implication (→), which would otherwise suffice as the only logical connective (similar to the Sheffer stroke). Regarding implication, the "is implied by" connective (←) is also omitted. There is causation in linear logic, but no (linear global) time. So logic can be without time! Can logic also be without causation? Good question... Intuitively I would say no, but I might be wrong. 

The truth values of intuitionistic propositional logic form a Heyting algebra. Surprisingly, the class of subdirectly irreducible Heyting algebras is not really smaller than the class of Heyting algebras itself: A search with google seems to indicate that this is indeed the correct definition of negation for this system. But then, how can this system be a product system? 

If we have an axiom of choice like in ZFC, then every partially ordered structure can be embedded into a complete Boolean lattice. Hence it is pretty clear why we can get away with the LEM, if we really want to. But then we also have to accept all the consequences, i.e. infinite structures with unbelievably big cardinality. But as already the fact that a logic can be seen as a preordered structure where the derivability is the order relation between different propositions or formulas seems to be unbelievably hard to swallow, this logic based approach to these question is likely to be unconvincing.