Note here (figure 1 b) the dramatic difference between German and French birth rates between the wars. Although birth rates in both countries had collapsed during the First World War, German birth rate recovered faster than the French, and steadily ran at nearly double the French birth rate. This information was known to planners around Europe and significantly affected military planning through the 1920's and '30's. The knowledge that they simply wouldn't have the soldiers to fight Germany successfully again was a major determinant in the French decision to build and rely on the Maginot Line for defense against Germany; and also most likely affected both French and British decision makers in Munich in 1938. Many French may have borne arms for the Axis, but it was very soft support; not many of them ever fired a shot in anger for the Axis. Even in October/November 1942 with the Axis at flood tide, Vichy North Africa rapidly switched allegiance after the Torch Landings at Casablanca, Oran and Algiers, despite some initial confused opposition. Also, the troops needed no rallying by January 1943. The writing is already on the wall with Paulus surrounded in Stalingrad, and Rommel/Kesselring for all intents and purposes already thrown out of North Africa. Midway has already broken the Japanese navy. (Only Hirohito's war council could lose the war in an afternoon, as they did by rolling the dice so emphatically with that battle.) This source provides a complete list of the RN's vessels in service in September 1939. It lists 113 Modern Destroyers, 68 Old Destroyers, and 54 Corvette Escorts (including 4 Australian and 2 Indian), for a total of 181 destroyers and 54 Escorts. An additional 24 Modern Destroyers were under construction. Plus, the entire return mission probably needs to be performed under radio silence - note how a single poorly timed radio message ended the Bismarck's career earlier that year. Guderian repeatedly, in the days following Sedan, simply ignored orders to halt and pressed forward the advantage gained at Sedan, rolling up the entirety of British and French mobile forces in Belgium and forcing their evacuation at Dunkirk. Here is the very first Forbes Rich List, from 1918, which lists the richest 30 Americans of that date. It is very likely that the wealthiest individuals up to the early 1950's can trace much of their wealth back to this list, due to the world-wide effect of the Great Depression and the accompanying deflation. According to The Last Lion - Defender of the Realm 1940-1965 by Manchester & Read (page 334), 40,000 British and ANZAC troops were evacuated from Greece in April 1941. That would leave about 15,000 total casualties - Killed, unevacuated wounded, and POW. Copying the numbers (in per cent of global production) for iron ore, sorted: Even against an outdated destroyer a submarine is at a stiff speed disadvantage and cannot escape. In the open seas it can hope that the destroyer needs to keep up with the convoy, or is unwilling to expend its last depth charges once the convoy has moved on. With no convoy to escort and its naval base nearby, a destroyer can take all the time in the world to hunt the sub, and can be relieved once it has spent its depth charges. The sub would be sunk. Some of this research gets much easier if you can search in German. ;-) All translations are my own. And Germany did not have "one or two dozen" submarines to spare in the first place. They would have to be taken from other theaters of operations, completely opening up the North Atlantic for US-GB and US-USSR convois for example. Denmark and Norway (crippling the German navy), to deny the northern flank to England, secure the Swedish iron ore supplies, and give the German navy some wiggle room in the North Sea. France (via the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg), the most direct threat to Germany and its industrial heart, the Ruhr area. Unfortunately, all references that I now have are in Russian, including Djilas. But there exist also many German ones, including two German movies, based on published accounts of the victims, that I have seen. EDIT. On the discussion in comments about "when was the world globalized". It is well known that the major source of food for ancient Rome was Egypt. And sometimes this was reason for major wars. Oil was cited as one of the reasons, it is hard to judge whether it was "one of the main reasons" or not. But this was not the oil of Caucasus, this was Romanian oil. The problem was that after wrestling a part of Romanian territory in 1940, Soviet army was in close striking distance from Romanian oil fields, and the Germans felt vulnerable.This point is explicitly stated in the German declaration of war: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_during_the_occupation_of_Germany The victims of rape were not only Germans but also foreigners of all nations, people displaced by war for various reasons, including camp inmates. Same happened not only on the enemy territory but also on the territory of the allies, like Yugoslavia. On Yugoslavia, the best source is the memoirs of Milovan Djilas (Memoir of a Revolutionary, 1973, see Wikipedia) who was a top communist Yugoslav politician at that time. There are many stories like this from countries of the former Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, and even from Germany itself. But it is hard, perhaps impossible, to say how many people really survived the German occupation by hiding. Visually the pink part which is in the Russian republic of 1939 is about 1/4 to 1/3 of the whole pink part. But the regions occupied by the ethnic Russians is probably 1/5 of the pink area. Strategic bombing of Soviet union was never attempted. In 1941-42 the Soviets managed to move most of their industry from the West of the country to the regions in the East, where they were not accessible by bombers of that time.