Not really. They would have to show that these regulations with long standing precedents somehow violate their constitutional rights. Your question seems focused on just federal elections, so that is where I will direct my attention. The reality is that the states, and the federal government, have always had an implicit power to dictate the terms of party elections, so the parties never really gave up this power. The mechanics of elections have always been out of the hands of the parties, but the substance of parties has always been within the province of the parties. In 2012, the State Department removed the Communist Party of Nepal from the TEL. Furthermore, the TEL is referenced on a current Immigration Services website. It's not just the states that have the power though, the actual elected officials have power as well. Art. 1, Section 5, of the Constitution states in relevant part: The TEL, and the Foreign Terrorist Organization ("FTO") list, appear to work in tandem to disrupt terrorism, etc. The TEL was created for purposes of immigration, probably to beef up the ability to prevent associated individuals from entering the US. The question of whether Shivkar Bapuji Talpade invented an aeroplane is contentious, to say the least. Many sources that are quoted in support of the idea, for example International Journal of Yoga and Allied Sciences, make fairly wild claims without much in the way of supporting evidence (the article cited here even claims that the aeroplane was powered by an ion engine!). Perhaps Lhendup G Bhutia, writing in Open Magazine, put it best: The penalty handed down to Oakey Ferguson in this case of "one year on road" meant serving a year working in a NC road gang. (Both quotes appear on page 129) They arrived in New York aboard the American Legion on 28 August. Furthermore, Sunday working seems to have been unusual for men working in the production of sheet steel until some time after 1895. Only the Edgar Thompson plant (owned by Carnegie) had always operated during a portion of Sunday, and we are told that Sunday working had been abandoned at Homestead in 1882 [Ibid p168].