US was in no position to do anything it was not already doing. Borders Post-war Polish borders were agreed upon in Teheran (1943) and finalized in Yalta (1945) by the "Big 3". The direct communications between the militaries were conducted via Combined Cipher Machine starting 1943-11-01. 

I don't think he had a very clear understanding of the British and French attitudes, and he did not realize that after he took the non-German parts of Czechoslovakia, the Entente had resolved to go to war. However, even if he did, that would probably not have changed his policies. 

They were not elite from the military POV. The Western allies were not clueless about the Soviet espionage. However, they could not prevent it and were probably underestimating its extent. Yes, but the rumors are so persistent! My guess is that it all started with oil drums. USSR swiped in Germany everything if could carry. They probably took the fuel drums and brought them to Tiksi (and many other places). Some of them might have been stolen by the locals, who then, quite naturally, claim to have fished them out of the river. Then the rumor mill takes over - someone would claim to have seen Nazi coins or uniforms or submarine pens... "[An explanation was] commanders' power to define serious offenses." Officers were more likely to interpret black contacts with the female population hostilely, while forgiving white soldiers for their "youthful indiscretions" ... White soldiers were more likely to avoid rape charges even when they were guilty of the crime. While Chiang also thought of Churchill and the British Empire as scoundrels and bullies, he nonetheless recognised Britain as a global power with far flung territories. In contrast, although Russia is legitimately massive, it is concentrated in the frozen wastes of northern Eurasia. Moreover, the Soviet Union simply had much smaller of a global presence at the time. 

I'm not sure why you think staff officers carried them for combat. They were not really the ones responsible for the actual fighting in the first place. 

On December 13, members of Nanking's universities including professor Lo Chia-Luen telegraphed their condemnations to Chang Hsueh Liang. The Peking and Shanghai universities (Mei I-chi, Chiang Monlin, Herman Liu) followed on December 14. The next day, over a hundred newspaper publishers published a joint declaration decrying the Fengtian Clique's actions. On December 16, more than two hundred magazines issued a similar condemnation. And on the same day the Tsing Hua University transmitted their denouncement of Chang's "rebellion", drafted by among others Wen I-To. The influential Ta Kung Pao published Hu Shih's "The Treason of Chang Hsueh Liang" on Dec 20, denouncing Chang and voicing support for maintaining peace to strengthen China. 

The Chinese Communist military force at the end of the Sino-Japanese War was ten times the size of the Communist Army mobilized immediately following the Japanese invasion. 

The traditional image of samurai did have an effect, but only much later. Western styled sabres were replaced by more traditional designs decades much later in the 1930s, after the rise of Japanese nationalism. The standard issue of Showa 9 (1934) resembles katanas much more: