Illogical Some will argue that it just doesn't make sense (1+1+1=1?) and that God is not a god of confusion, and so since the idea of the Trinity is less emphatically asserted in the text (compared to Jesus' divinity, the need for Salvation, etc.), it is not an idea that ought to be embraced. 

"Rested" = "Ceased" The Hebrew word translated "rested" in Genesis 2:2 is shabath (7673, שָׁבַת) literally means: to cease, desist, rest. This is the origin of the word "Sabbath," the day of rest or the day on which no work was to be done. 

Note: this is not the Hebrew word for "soul" (לֵב), only a use of the word "grieved" in reference to God. 

If we accept this (unproven here) conclusion, then God gave humans free will in order that they might be capable of genuinely loving him. True love is voluntary, so in order for us to be capable of loving God, we also had to be capable of something else, including rebellion/sin. 

God is One Critics of trinitarianism will point to there being almost no mention of any "persons of the Godhead" in the Old Testament (exceptions: Ge 1:26, Ge 11:7), and many instances of there being only one God. They will describe the three "persons" of the Trinity as being three separate gods because they are not a single, identical individual. 

1 Corinthians 8:6 (NASB) yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom are all things and we exist for Him; and one Lord, Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we exist through Him. 

I posit that "rest" here means something like "at rest" (i.e. an object that is not moving) as opposed to relaxing or sleeping. He "rested" because he had (v2) "completed His work which He had done" and there was nothing left to do. He "ceased" from working because his work was finished. 

Addendum: It is also possible for our desire to leave the troubles of this life behind to have selfish motivations. It is better (for us) to be with the Lord, but it is better for others that we remain here. What should an unselfish person choose? 

Mark 13:32 (NASB) "But of that day or hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but the Father alone." 

1 Technically, God created us for his pleasure (Rev 4:11), but this is not entirely informative. If you consider Genesis 1-3 and Revelation 21-22, the idea that how things will be in the end is similar to how they were in the beginning, and that God's desire for us has been the same all along. In Eden, God walked among humans and talked to them. That closeness ceased after humans sinned, but that intimacy is restored again after the resurrection. Jesus summed up eternal life this way: "that they may know [God]." (Jn 17:3). 

In the New Testament this author is upholding the understanding of of the Old Testament, that we should be a Holy people. But this author tells us to not associate ourselves with unholy people, instead of just killing the unholy people. 

God is unchanging, He does not want wicked people corrupting you. The reason that he commanded these wicked people to be killed in Numbers is because God wanted Israel to be a Holy land, a nation that could not put up with even the smallest Sins. 

5 The LORD tests the righteous, But the wicked and the one who loves violence His soul hates. 

God is a God of Love. God is also a God of Hate. If you love you must also hate. If you love children then you will hate abortion. God is angry with those enemies of his that practice sin. Here is a verse that describes the anger that God has towards sinners. 

God does not dwell with us today like he dwelt with the Israelites, in the temple. God is teaching us how to love these days, when before He was forcing the Israelites to be Pure and Holy. Don't get me wrong we still have a responsibility to be Pure and Holy, but the land we live in is not. 

11 God is a just judge, And God is angry with the wicked every day. 

5 The arrogant cannot stand in your presence. You hate all who do wrong; 

26 If we deliberately keep on sinning after we have received the knowledge of the truth, no sacrifice for sins is left, 27 but only a fearful expectation of judgment and of raging fire that will consume the enemies of God. 

9 I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— 10 not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or the greedy and swindlers, or idolaters. In that case you would have to leave this world. 11 But now I am writing to you that you must not associate with anyone who claims to be a brother or sister[a] but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or slanderer, a drunkard or swindler. Do not even eat with such people. 

You are to be holy to me because I, the LORD, am holy, and I have set you apart from the nations to be my own. 

Edit: to show that God is also a God that Hates. 

In Mathew 5:39 God is talking to His obedient children, He's teaching them to forgive their enemies. A completely different context from the previous situation of holiness. 

4 In whose eyes a vile person is despised, But he honors those who fear the LORD; He who swears to his own hurt and does not change;