He can be deemed as a non-politic individual who often was following of individual worship. And it was due to his incomplete ability in politics that he was far of it. (He didn’t see sufficient ability and cleverness in himself to participate in politics.) 

For further information and to find your complete answer ( regarding the types of rings, stones, and likewise which hand and finger..), I strongly recommend you to see the following links. 

By paying heed to the above-mentioned items, it seems that you’d better leave doing that. Since it can have negative effect you unwanted. And even it can be considered as a confirmation of them (if you attend there or other similar places such as temple…) and these points could be the same for getting sweet for them as well. Besides, you are not aware if that eatable thing would be definitely halal as you get it from a non-Muslim person. Therefore we ought to behave somehow not to confirm them or their acts as non-Muslim. 

I know it is not Haram to have sexual intercourse with wife, but I wonder is it a positive act? 

To supplement Kilise's answer. 

Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. 

The above is evidence that the Prophet prayed for a person who had killed himself. 

In the Torah there is mention of Melchizedek, a priest and ruler of Jerusalem in the time of Abraham who was on the true religion of Allah. 

You can not make a nikah with her during her mourning period, and you shouldn't make an explicit proposal during that period either, but you are permitted to leave a hint indirectly: 

Source: Blue Letter Bible, Scan on archive.org 

Sharah Sahih Muslim by Nawawi sourced from library.islamweb 

But the climate of Medina did not suit him, and he fell sick. He felt very uneasy. So he took hold of an iron head of an arrow and cut his finger-joints. The blood streamed forth from his hands, till he died. 

Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: 

In short, the hadith is talking about the very first time both the Bait ul Muqadas (Temple of Jerusalem) and the Bait Ullah (Kaabah in Mecca) were constructed ... and this was before both Abraham and Solomon. Both mosques have been lost and rebuilt multiple times. 

The narrations about who built the Masjid Al Aqsa first. By Adam, and it was said by the angels, ... by Shem son of Noah ... by Abraham ... by Jacob ... the new construction was started by David and by Solomon it was completed. 

Al-Risalah by Ibn Abi Zayd sourced from Shamela 

Furthermore there is no evidence that reciting Hadith has any virtue in itself. Hadith are meant to only be studied for the teachings in them and the words themselves do not have any virtue attached to them. 

Regarding the Kaabah we have narrations in tradition that it was first built by Adam and possibly even before that by the angels. Similarly there are narrations that the Bait ul Muqadas was previously built by others and then rediscovered / rebuilt in the time of Solomon. 

So, separately the above-mentioned items could be considered according to Quran or hadiths. 

Source and detailed answer in Persian (Farsi): www.islamquest.net 

The main meaning of the word Sawab(thawa) in origin is referral and recurrence. 

In regard to sneezing and yawning during saying prayers (salah), you should not say any think. Just after sneezing or even after yawning you should keep on your saying prayers. Actually continue from the part of the Salat which you were praying. Otherwise might be it invalidate your saying prayer. 

Even though we consider that e.g. there is difference regarding the precise date of his birthday (and seemingly especially between 2 dates), despising that, there doesn't seem to be any remarkable/big problem if we celebrate both of them or at least the one which can be more probable (based on every one belief/assumption). And actually the significant issue is its positive and constructive effect on the society which show a kind of honoring to high-ranking position of the apostle of God (albeit it would be definitely it is held in its the most exact date). 

According to hadith Muhammad (PBUH) asked us to kill the snake with two white lines on it's back. 

Narrated Ibn Umar: That he heard the Prophet delivering a sermon on the pulpit saying, "Kill snakes and kill Dhu-at-Tufyatain (i.e. a snake with two white lines on its back) and ALBATROSS (i.e. a snake with short or mutilated tail) for they destroy the sight of one's eyes and bring about abortion." ('Abdullah bin 'Umar further added): Once while I was chasing a snake in order, to kill it, Abu Lubaba called me saying: "Don't kill it," I said. "Allah's Apostle ordered us to kill snakes." He said, "But later on he prohibited the killing of snakes living in the houses." (Az-Zubri said. "Such snakes are called Al-Awamir.") Sahih Bukhari Book 54, Hadith 518 

What is the name(english) of this snake ? 

Sahih Buckari Book 54, Hadith 527 

Is this snake still existing or gone extinct ?