You can see the whopping 32 times it happened in the last month on Stack Overflow, or for example the 0 questions on android last month. 

Once you sign up you will be able to choose to display this recommendation on your profile. 

Can you change careers to show how many employers would even consider hiring me. 

For example: if we find that lots of people are missing out on good tiny edits cause of the new system we may add a UI that notifies you of the change allows you to work it in your edit. 

For the gazzilionth time I mistargeted somebody in chat. 

If we need any new notice types please raise it here - we can decide if we need a site specific one or a global one. 

Symantec have been busy laying off all my previous workmates in Australia, turns out development is cheaper in Estonia. 

This is now implemented, moderators can convert posts to comments. They can also choose to retain the comments on the posts. 

In the way I use it, I don't really have to read the body again. I know it is a duplicate because I already got the link to it. I don't need to read the duplicate's body again because in order to get its link I visit the duplicate's site before. 

Then it should have been the duty of the OP to make sure the question has a proper context. They could have included a small explanation, like: 

Having reached 10k on Super User a few days ago, I've been heavily using the moderator tools. They are great for efficiently helping the mods and the community. 

So basically, it says: Please vote! But you can't vote. Sorry 'bout that. 

Here's why the queue is important: First answers are very likely to be: 

But at the same time, the tools seem very inefficiently designed. In my opinion, they need a partial redesign, because 

Even if this message were optional, why would your posts need more edit attention than others? Of course, I'm happy if people are open to edits and say: "I'm glad you fixed my English!", or if they admit that they have difficulties with the language, but the whole point of a community-edited site (with no restrictions in this regard) is that anybody should edit anywhere if they feel like it. 

This makes it necessary for them to enable line numbers as well, even if they don't want it, because they have no other means of understanding what you're referring to. 

This way, I'd know where to click when the button is activated, because it always stays in the same place. Sounds reasonable enough, does it? 

I decided to break this up in three parts, each with proposals highlighted within a blockquote. 

There are many options that would not only allow me to find that particular message, but also improve the functionality of search as a whole, since currently, it's very limited. 

The solution is simple: If reviewing is a different part of the site (as opposed to the "tools"), it should be made a proper top navigation element. 

No, I'm very strongly against this. 

I just discovered prism: http://prism.mozillalabs.com/ 

Our quality filter is incredibly effective, it catches so many of these automatically. 

This is a two in one question: 

If we need any new notice types please raise it here - we can decide if we need a site specific one or a global one. 

This helps make sure people vote regularly and is somewhat more powerful than the Civic Duty badge. 

For example: if we find that lots of people are missing out on good tiny edits cause of the new system we may add a UI that notifies you of the change allows you to work it in your edit. 

I am a horrendous speller, and my mild dyslexia does not help. 

The previously invited section should include a link to the public profile, if it exists, or the text "profile is private". 

After I invite a user to join careers I would like to check out their public profile. 

Is it possible to show alert (on top, like the alerts for new badges for example) for users with 0% accept rate when they log in, with text like "Please improve your accept rate" and link to page explaining how and why? 

Leaderboard showing all sites with more than 100 hats and top 10 users on each of those. 

Winter Bash seem to attract lots of attention and I see many users wearing all kinds of hats. When it's over, the hats will of course disappear however I think that adding usage statistics to the official blog post will be a good thing just to... well, just to have statistics. 

This also applies to unread inbox items notification: 

From what I see, the points are the economy of SO sites so people who ask, get answer, and don't accept (on regular basis) are like people buying something without paying - and they should somehow be notified this is the situation. 

Can you please put the actual date and time in those emails? 

For edge case, it became pretty thick edge. This is not just minor hassle: enough rejections, and the user is banned from suggesting for a whole week: and remember we're talking here about good edits made by good users. The above used to count for the ban, but no longer do. Thanks Gilles for requesting such a change!