Case 2: The player is on seat 4. He missed only the big blind. He needs to post only the SB (dead money) to be dealt a hand or wait for BB. No sure about this one. 

Case #2: Player is on seat 2. The next hand the dealer will jump over him and he can either wait for the big blind or post any missed blinds. 

Case 3: player A first to act goes all in with 6 chips. 

Case 2: player A first to act goes all in with 11 chips. 

According to the three conclusions i have come across in the update above a new player joining between the button and the big blind will have to wait for the dealer to pass them before they can be dealt a hand and post any missed blinds (if any). In the picture, on the left side, the next hand the dealer will pass over the new player and because he/she will not be in between the blinds anymore he/she should be able to play the hand. 

In the picture above there is already a hand in progress with only 3 players seated on seat 1, 3 and 5 respectively. Dealer is seat 1, SB is seat 3 and BB is seat 5. The other seats are empty. There are three possible scenarios when joining a game and three others when you are rejoining after being away for a while. 

Many people have an impression that because the chip leader at a table has the majority of the chips, they should be "bullying" the table. This isn't the best way to look at the situation. What a large stack gives you is more utility. The utility to outplay your opponents by having the full arsenal of poker moves at your disposal. If you were short stacked, you wouldn't have very many options. You'd likely have to either be going all-in or folding. So, yes, you should try to play more hands than you would be playing if you were short stacked so as to see more flops, thereby maximizing your skill advantage. 

Take, for instance, the following situation that frequently occurs in heads-up hyper-turbo SNGs. Most regs will open 90%+ of all hands on the button. When playing other regs, they will frequently exploit this by 3-bet shoving a wide range of hands. But how do they choose said hands? 

Then, once you have said range, it's no longer about how long since you've last played a hand. You know which hands you're playing and you're playing them every time you get them. At least, that is, until you gain reads on the opponents at the table. At that point, you should adjust your readless strategy accordingly to maximally exploit their playing styles. 

But even a call to a raise in early position is not a cheap flop. 2BB is 2BB and you have 4 players behind you that could re-raise. 

1 Straight Flush A♠K♠Q♠J♠T♠ Five sequential cards of the same suit. The highest top card wins. Odds: 64,974 : 1 Announced: X high straight flush 

You should not play 23, 34 as less ways to make straight as you don't have 3 below. 

Accept the opponent is not going to fold. 1/4 pot bet is not going to get them off a flush draw. 

If you really put your opponent on AA or KK then you should have folded to the pre flop raise. If you really felt you needed trips or 2 pair to win the hand you should have folded to the 5 bb raise. 

Why in the world did you check raise? You are on a draw. You don't need to build pot equity with this guy. He has led out every round. Even if he did just call then it would likely slow him down on the river. 

Pre With only 24BB check call is fine. 

On the turn you are not quite getting correct pot odds but you are likely to get paid off on the river 26.50 : 8 OK to call here