Analytic a posteriori claims are generally considered something of a paradox. First, let's recall that an analytic proposition's truth is entirely a function of its meaning -- "all widows were once married" is a simple example; certain claims about mathematical objects also fit here ("a pentagon has five sides.") So, an analytic proposition is 'inherent' in a way that isn't the case for a synthetic proposition. Consider Kant's own example of a synthetic proposition: "all bodies are heavy." The reason this isn't analytic is that the predicate ("heavy") isn't 'contained' in the subject ("body"), as it would be for the claim, e.g., that a square is four-sided. There is an inherent 'ease' with analytic claims, since all one needs to do to know it is "extract" the predicate from the subject. The Body without Organs is thus, as Deleuze and Guattari explain, also a "plane of consistency," which, concretely ties together heterogeneous or disparate elements" (507). In other words, the BwO provides the smooth space through which movement can occur. Rather than the unifying principles of a system of organization, the BwO's system of embodiment is constituted through principles of consolidation. Language is the primary medium through which social exchange takes place; it is not your words or the lack thereof that you ought to blame. The problem is that lying is always manipulative, a way in which one person disregards the humanity of another. The categorical imperative is a way to express this "always": the very nature of the action is such that it effectively bars itself from being performed morally, i.e., strictly treating others as ends in themselves rather than a means towards your own goals. 

You can read Palmquist's whole book here. (This section appears in Chapter Four.) 

Note that D+G actually say very explicitly, not only is understanding the BwO as image already "the" error of psychoanalysis, but it misses everything about indefinite articles and infinitely auto-constructive assemblages: 

These organs are not identical with the body, its limit-surface/potentiality, which is glorious, intensive, 'all by itself'. Artaud discovers, in the depth and agony of his suffering, that affectivity exceeds the individual organism (even the definite article) and is in some way a process more primary than recognition or even perception (since perception has a relationship with activity that affection does not). 

The moral problem Kant finds in lying is indeed universal, and would presumably apply to lying by omission as much as outright fabulation. In any case my understanding is that it's the moral failing involved in taking another human being as a means to an end which is important. Here's a few papers on the subject of Kant and lying that might be helpful to start getting our arms around this question: Finally, let's consider the problematic hybrid you have asked after. A proposition that's analytic a posteriori would contain the predicate within the subject (as 'triangle' contains 'three sides') but would only be justifiable based on experience. Kant thought this category was paradoxical, as he thinks you never need to resort to experience to justify analytic claims. However, some modern critics like Stephen Palmquist have argued that in fact philosophy requires these aposterior analytic claims to function in its characteristic 'hypothetical' mode: 

This is not the most clear explication of the BwO, of course -- but hopefully it represents some starting-points for further research. 

Too quickly: the BwO is not an image of the body, unless we conceive of 'imaging' as 'potentialization', in other words as an 'infernal' vision which assembles a virtual field or process of actualization. You never reach the Body without Organs, you can't reach it, you are forever attaining it, it is a limit. People ask, So what is this BwO?—But you're already on it, scurrying like a vermin, groping like a blind person, or running like a lunatic; desert traveler and nomad of the steppes. On it we sleep, live our waking lives, fight—fight and are fought—seek our place, experience untold happiness and fabulous defeats; on it we penetrate and are penetrated; on it we love...The BwO: it is already under way the moment the body has had enough of organs and wants to slough them off, or loses them. (D&G 150) Artaud is really the principal reference here (cf. To Have Done with the Judgment of God.)