In short this is a highly complicated issue, which cannot be resolved in a single answer. I strongly recommend further reading on both sides: 

It should be said that Christians who say that baptism is not absolutely necessary for salvation don't deny the importance of baptism, or that it is a command from God, or that everyone should be baptized. They would just say that God is capable of forgiving whoever he wants to forgive, and isn't restricted by any rules. 

From your comments you are asking strictly about members of the opposite sex who live in the same house, without any kind of sexual relations. 

Paul supports the Torah to the extent that he believes it was a valuable and God-given thing in its day. However he very clearly indicates that Christians are not bound by its requirements. Much of the Epistle to the Romans is devoted to this subject, and it gets extensive discussion in other places. I will do no more than quote a couple of important passages. If you are looking for more information on the subject, I recommend any good commentary or Bible dictionary on the subject. 

On the side of those who permit women pastors is Galations 3:28: 

This is a question on which Christians disagree among themselves. Even those who hold the Bible as a sole source of authority reach contradictory conclusions on the matter. 

When you interpret the Bible, you have to look at whole passages and not just individual verses out of context. The surrounding text will give you a reference for the meaning of a verse. In this case the verse is in the middle of a chapter where the entire focus is on the reactions of people to things that were lost and are now found - a lost sheep, a lost coin, and a lost son. This gives us a pretty clear indication that Jesus is driving home a point about how people react to things that were lost and area now found, and how this applies to Heaven. We should therefore look at this statement, and all the ones around it, to find out things about lostness and being found - not about the nature of sin and angels. It is a general principle with parables that you can come to wrong conclusions by pushing an analogy too far. 

There is, as far as I know, no absolute prohibition on this. In fact I have known several Christians who have shared houses with members of the opposite sex and nobody has objected in any way. However I do understand your claim that Christians do sometimes object to this. Here are some reasons: 

Secondly it has always been a principle that Christians should obey, except in exceptional circumstances, the law of the land. If the government says they should pay taxes, they should pay taxes. If the government says they should keep off the roads at night, they should keep off the roads at night. So in essence Onesimus has an obligation under the law to return to Philemon, and Paul sends him back to fulfil that obligation. 'Escaping' doesn't free him from that obligation, any more than getting away with a robbery entitles someone to keep the proceeds. Moreover, because Philemon is also a Christian, Onesimus is in effect stealing from a fellow-Christian if he doesn't return. 

The Presbyterian Church of the USA is one of those that holds that abortion is not always immoral. It certainly doesn't hold that abortion is "morally acceptable" or "NOT immoral" in the general case. 

The considered decision of a woman to terminate a pregnancy can be a morally acceptable [implying that it is sometimes not morally acceptable - ed], though certainly not the only or required, decision. Possible justifying circumstances would include medical indications of severe physical or mental deformity, conception as a result of rape or incest, or conditions under which the physical or mental health of either woman or child would be gravely threatened. 

Honor is not a particularly Christian virtue. It is mentioned biblically, but not nearly as often as other virtues we are expected to follow, particularly the most important one, Love. You haven't defined honor particularly clearly, but where your definition conflicts with Love, a Christian should be loving rather than honorable. 

As for solidarity with friends and relatives, the Bible (the New Testament) explicitly says it is forbidden to favour your friends and relatives over other people. While there are certainly commands to honor those close to you ("Honor your father and mother") that does not imply that you should take their side just because they are related to you. "Honor" is not the same as the unthinking solidarity you seem to be talking about. If your father or mother do something terrible you are not expected to shield them from justice. Matthew 5:43-47: