In this case, I think you could fill in the missing premise with your premise 5: "Since women have as much right to self-esteem as men, women should earn as money as men." and you would create a more complete argument. However, since the book isn't actually asking for the missing premise (they're just using it to help explain what's going on), they chose a simpler premise. 

Of course, all of the modern scientific approach involved statistics and falsification of hypotheses, and all sorts of things that are relatively new phrasings. More traditionally, the process may be simpler. The fact that Mendel's model does a good job of explaining the experimental results and the prevailing model does a very poor job of explaining them may be sufficient to argue that Mendel's new model should be considered "right," without all the formalism of null-hypotheses and other features of modern scientific methodology. The best success I have had is taking a slightly different tack. Instead of arguing "Bigfoot does not exist," I argue that acting on the belief that Bigfoot exists is counterproductive. By adding a layer of action on top of the belief, there is room to make arguments that would be impossible if I simply targeted the belief itself. In this scenario, we're going to need to define a few more propositions to properly capture the entire process, step by step. First, we are going to start with Pp, the "prevailing hypothesis." This is the presumed answer, based on what people knew at the time. It's also something we'll be overturning, so don't be surprised that you already know its false: Now, to follow the scientific method, he sets up a null hypothesis, H0, with the intent of rejecting it via statistics Now he goes about "falsifying" Pp, by demonstrating that his new [conflicting] theory, P1, fits the data cleanly while Pp looks less reasonable because it is a poor match to the data. To "prove" P1 using the scientific method, he uses one final proposition, the null-hypothesis, P0: "Pea plant crossings do not operate near a 3:1 ratio with a random variance around that point." If the data from his upcomming rejects this P0, then the only valid theory remaining is P1. 

What it means is simply that the propositions true at those worlds can be relevant for assessing the truth value of modal propositions at the world w1 and w2 are accessible from. For instance, if w0Rw1 and w0Rw2 then in order for []p (necessarily p) to be true at w0, p will have to be true at w1 and w2. Øystein Linnebo was an early critic of Boolos's suggestion, notably his "Plural Quantification Exposed" (2003). The objections can be framed in a variety of ways, Linnebo attacks the supposed ontological innocence of plural quantification. The crux of his criticism is the question of the coherence of higher-order plural quantification -- plural quantification over pluralities. He argues that a "full semantics" for plural quantification, like full second-order semantics more generally, needs a determinate notion of "arbitrary sub-plurality" (like arbitrary subset). It's well known that, in first-order ZFC, the powerset operation is not absolute and admits of varied interpretations (hence why you can establish the independence of the Continuum Hypothesis). If the Axiom of Constructibility is true, then V=L and "arbitrary subset" coincides with the constructible sets. But it's also consistent with ZFC that there are many more sets than the constructible sets -- in fact, that V != L seems to be the more prevalent view among those who think there's a unique universe of sets. Linnebo argues that the plural logician has given no reason to think "sub-plurality" is any more absolute/determinate. Essentially, the plural comprehension axiom is no more trivial than set/class comprehension and cannot be assumed to be ontologically innocent. I think that much the same can be said of logic, especially math logic. The study of truth is the domain of truth theory. See the SEP article on Truth. 

Read "Px" as and likewise for Qx. What the condition requires then, is that P is a subset of Q, so . 

What you are describing seems to be a popular formulation of the Hangman's Paradox. 

More generally, it might be worried whether the plurality/class distinction is one without a difference. Simply saying that a plurality isn't one thing isn't very reassuring considering that we can and do use singular terms and descriptions to refer to them -- cf. "the universe of sets". Even if you were to grant that maybe class-talk was best understood as plural-talk all along, there remains the fact that the orthodox ZFC-ist denies the existence of proper classes. They are a mere façon de parler, a view articulated by Allen Hazen in his 2012 "Reflections on Counterpart Theory" where he says that the proper ZFC-ist attitude towards proper classes is a sort of fictionalism where "esse est definiri" (to be is to be defined; a play on Berkeley's Idealist principle "esse est percipi","to be is to be perceived"). Such a view would place sharp limitations on the power of plural comprehension principle, essentially restricting you to a predicative plural logic. That predicative restrictions are needed is more or less explicitly conceded by Williamson. This just amplifies the need for a clear comprehension principle and clarification of the expressive power of plural logic -- the intuitive picture won't suffice. But often you want to consider other sorts of necessity/modality. For example, in provability logic you are concerned with provability rather than possibility. Provability logic is generally thought to be intermediate in strength between S4 and S5 (I've seen it claimed to be S4.2 or S4.3 most frequently). It apparently also goes by the "surprise inspection paradox" and the "unexpected examination paradox". This paper discusses one proposed resolution of the paradox (I gather the one discussed in: Margalit, A. & Bar-Hillel, M. (1983). "Expecting the Unexpected") and argues that it fails (unfortunately this one is behind a pay wall, so I don't know if you can access it; if you have access to a university's library database it is likely that Springer is something you can access through them).