Section 2718.: to include reporting to the Secretary of premiums to losses, and restrict that ratio to 80%-85% or more, as determined by the Secretary. 

The details can be found on the State Department's website and the law that governs it, (Section 349(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1481) but in brief: The organization, the99Declaration did meet in Philidelphia, PA at what they called the Continential Congress 2.0, not to be confused with the original Second Continential Congress. Of 800 people who voted for themselves to attend as representatives of their districts, only 78 attended. Although they mention in their list of grieviences that congressional representatives should not serve back-to-back terms, no recall is mentioned. 

This data matches the Congressional Budgets Offices estimates for 2009. The Table 2 (page 12) notes that the Top 1% paid 22.3% of all federal taxes. 

This change to senate rules was once opposed by now Majority Leader Reid This question stems from a decision in July to delay the employer mandate. 

Section 2709.: to include them in Section 2715 [Uniform Definitions] & 2718 [Ratio & Refunds] Yes, Standard of Living correlates with higher education, because the latter is included in the measurement of the former. (iii) Section 2712 (relating to rescissions). Ronald Reagan thought this apology was sufficient when asked. 

(B) PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO GROUP HEALTH PLANS.— 

Then you have the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which lead the Republicans into dominating the south after the Jim Crow Democrats were unable to block Republican efforts to bring equality to blacks in the south. 

c. Birth on U.S. Military Base Outside of the United States or Birth on U.S. Embassy or Consulate Premises Abroad: Same Sex Marriage just isn't a key issue for most voters. Take California, which you would think would have a high level of support for SSM, but 75% of Californians didn't consider it a key issue and of the 20 percent who would only vote for a candidate that shared their view it was split 50:50 for/against SSM. 

Section 1311, 1343: to exclude them from risk assessment Sustainability: Code word for reductions in developed nations standard of living, decreased meat consumption, and ecotaxes. The first half of this clause indicates that Congress must have appropriated by law the funds to be spent before the funds can be released from the Treasury. It serves as a powerful check of the legislature on the executive branch, as it further secures Congress's power of the purse. 

Having funds available isn't the problem, they cannot spend money that hasn't been authorized by Congress under the Antideficiency Act 

Section 2002.: to allow individuals to remain eligible if they would be considered in eligible by using modified gross income calculation. Another standard is the Human Development Index. You can run your own charts on their data here. You will find a high degree of correlation between HDI: Education Index and **HDI: Human Development Index (HDI) value. Here is a plot of HDI: Education Index versus HDI value. You will note the positive slope of the line, and the fact that the majority of points track fairly close to a line through the center of the points. The subsequent law that modifies the ACA, only include 3 instances of grandfathered health plan, none of which determine status: 

Some of the stalemate over the Fiscal Cliff has been over whether to raise the tax rate on the wealthy in order to raise additional revenue. My understanding is that gay rights groups want to have the same benefits that are afforded to opposite marriage supporters. Opposite marriage supporters, for the most part, don't want the term "marriage" applied to these civil unions. The rich pay the vast majority of all federal taxes The non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that The top quintile pay 68.3% of all federal taxes (payroll, FICA, income, estate, capital-gains). That would be the normal thing that I would prefer to do, but we're not in a normal atmosphere around here when it comes to, quote- unquote, "Obamacare." 

Once again, you have a question of who the conservatives are? The Progressives that wanted the radical change in voting, and who wanted moral and economic control of all Americans to bring about the great social revolution? Current federal spending deficit for 2012 (revenues - spending) 

No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. If Trump's cost of travel stays consistent throughout his entire presidency, he is set to outpace Obama by a long shot. If he stays in office for one term, his travel costs could reach $480 million. A second term could see that price tag skyrocketing to $960 million. In comparison, Obama's travel cost hit a mere $97 million throughout his eight years in the White House. 

Sidenote: I'm not claiming that the electronic voting machines were indeed hacked; the theory does seem plausible. Just wanted to know the purpose of the recount and its effectiveness. 

Lastly, this's the graphic that's "shared widely on Reddit": 

Basically, he resigned due to violating the Logan Act and causing embarrassment to the Trump administration. The Logan Act specifically states: The White House spokesperson also read a short statement from Trump that emphasised on Trump Jr.'s "transparency". 

And the White House's Press Secretary: 

The President has 10 days, not counting Sundays, to sign or veto the bill. If he does not take any action within 10 days and Congress is in session, it will automatically become the law. 

29 December: Mr Flynn holds a phone call with the Russian ambassador 

Summary: There won't be a general election. The succession will continue to follow the line of succession as established in the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Senate confirmations only require a simple majority vote as shown in this document: Also, other countries are not willing to lend to Greece money at reasonable rates, so Greece is unable to keep paying to service its current debts while carrying out basic government functions. Furthermore, Greece is quite bad at collecting taxes, as seen from OECD data, it has a 89.5% of outstanding undisputed tax debt. Its GDP growth was also negative from 2008 to 2013.