Acknowledgement: @HorusKol for pointing out that the collar patch was a unit designation rather than of rank. 

However, the martialing of troops onto the battlefield had long been done by having each unit send guides to mark out the right hand end of its intended deployment. Why the right hand end/side of the unit was chosen was simply traditional, and continued because everyone else did it, and all the drill manuals assumed it. However guides were sent to only one end/side of the unit because if the soldiers had to keep turning their heads to follow two sets of guides, this was certain to disrupt the unit as soldiers swung their heads from side to side and stepped on each other's heels. 

Men, or squads of men, who commit hostilities, whether by fighting, or inroads for destruction or plunder, or by raids of any kind, without commission, without being part and portion of the organized hostile army, and without sharing continuously in the war, but who do so with intermitting returns to their homes and avocations, or with the occasional assumption of the semblance of peaceful pursuits, divesting themselves of the character or appearance of soldiers - such men, or squads of men, are not public enemies, and, therefore, if captured, are not entitled to the privileges of prisoners of war, but shall be treated summarily as highway robbers or pirates 

In order to earn the privilege of being a public enemy, and be entitled to treatment as a prisoner of war when captured, certain obligations had to be met. Along with wearing a uniform that, in some clear manner, distinguished one as a soldier it was also necessary to be "sharing continuously in the war". This is a key concept that civilians forget - as soon as one "goes home, removes one's uniform, and hides the gun in the closet" one is dis-entitled from being recognized as a partisan entitled to protection as a public enemy; even after getting up the next day and resuming the pretence of being a soldier. 

On the other hand, American morale (not the military, but society) was completely broken by losses despite relatively low loss ratio in both Vietnam and Iraq. I'd also put USSR in Afghanistan into the same category (for an even better contrast with the first example) but am not sure about loss ratios. 

Extremely important was experience. Not only Japanese were incredibly more trained (including gunnery practice), they also had several other battleship battles worth of experience by that time, which the Russians did not have. 

For sail ships of the line, bracketing a parallel enemy ship means that the enemy can bring BOTH broadsides to fire, negating your firepower advantage of 2 ships each only of which only fires 1 broadside. 20th century battleships could bring all their guns to bear in any direction thanks to rotating turrets on centerline, so in this case all 3 ships are firing their guns, and now your firepower is 2-to-1. 

As an example, Israeli defense industry was forced (By USA) to cancel many extremely lucrative weapons contracts with other countries (e.g. China) with US military aid being used as a leverage. The reasons ranged from US not wanting specific technologies going to China, to US wanting to get a competing military-industrial industry out of a market. 

- Kennedy, Catriona. Narratives of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars: Military and Civilian Experience in Britain and Ireland. Palgrave Macmillan, 2013. 

Building and maintaining a castle is not cheap. The expense could be justified because you would gather (ideally) everything of value (treasures, food, your lives) inside one in the event of war. That, however, leaves little of any value in the countryside, apart from the land itself. Since even the best raiders in the world can't possibly take your lands with them, it simply doesn't make a whole lot of economic sense to protect them with expensive castle-like fortifications. 

The three Presidency armies did not expand uniformly. They were raised according to the local strategic needs of the Company, which changed over time, especially as the Company conquered more of India. Originally, the Madras Army was the largest of the three; however, it stopped growing in strength after 1799, while the Bombay Army's expansion ceased after 1817. Consequently, the Bengal Army became larger than the other two combined. 

Blair, John, W. John Blair, and Nigel Ramsay, eds. English Medieval Industries: Craftsmen, Techniques, Products. A&C Black, 1991. 

You are referring to the Schwarze Reiters (i.e. black riders), named after the dark armour they wore. This was a type of cavalry that appeared in Germany after the decline of the medieval lancers, but later became a generic name (usually shortened to just reiters) for German cavalry mercenaries. 

By the 14th century, however, smiths had begun using watermills to driver hammers for shaping the steel, greatly reduced the labour required.