This is an interesting question, and one which I have heard debated by Roman historians/archaeologists more than once. 

As you say, Thutmose III took the route that passed through the Aruna Pass. When he emerged at Aruna (the area now called Wadi Ara) with his army, Thutmose could see how King Durusha of Kadesh had arrayed his forces. He had infantry units guarding the roads at Djefti in the north and Taanakh in the south. His chariots were deployed in the centre near the city of Megiddo itself. 

(Similarly, given the relative known facts of the armies at the battles of Crécy and Agincourt, a "counterfactual" history might well have anticipated a French victory. Ah well!) 

However, ancient writers also say explicitly that pirates possessed and used galleys. Cicero, for example makes several references to the pirates' use of galleys in his fifth book against Verrus. 

This question is an excellent example of the problems with counter-factual history, so, just to illustrate the point, let's set out the problem: 

This is the most prominent of the inscriptions on the Grand Colonnade in Palmyra. It is a bilingual inscription dedicating the column in Greek and Palmyrene. The Greek portion of the inscription is as follows: 

After the Battle of Cannae (2 August 216 BC), Hannibal went immediately to Compsa (1), where he set up a base and took some of forces and sent them on a mission to collect allies in that area. He then gathered his main army and went to Naples (2) where he was hoping to take control of a seaport. When he got to Naples he found it had very strong walls and was determined to resist him, so he passed it by and went to Capua (3), a large city, the third dot on the map. At Capua the city agreed to ally with him and he occupied the city, although there were dissenters. He then turned south to reduce Nola, a smaller city, (4) on the map. Nola submitted to Hannibal. However, the Roman Praetor Marcellus (blue dot) coming from Cassino caused Capua to swing back to Rome, then shadowed Hannibal to Nola. Hannibal then abandoned Nola and went first to the coast to see if he could get access to a port, but forces in Naples had become even stronger, so he went on to Nuceria (5), which he besieged and eventually captured by force, burning the city to the ground (red box). Hannibal then returned to Nola, which Marcellus had occupied, and invested it, but Marcellus surprised him by sallying forth from the walls unexpectedly, killing a large number of Carthaginians (6), then retreating back within the walls of the city. 

Now, I know that some historians have argued that Thutmose stayed in Jerusalem during the siege. I think this may be based on a misreading of the text (and, possibly, some confusion about geography). 

For more detail, see The Battle of Megiddo and its Result, or the sources listed below. 

In 250 CE, Shapur I of the Sasanian Empire invaded Mesopotamia. He fought a series of wars with the Roman emperor Valerian (r. 253–260), who he eventually captured at the Battle of Edessa in 260 CE. 

Alan Gardiner's paper Horus the Behdedtite, published in the Journal of Egyptian Archaeology in 1944 discusses the development of the winged sun-disk in Egypt from the Old Kingdom to the Ptolemaic period, with a number of examples that pre-date its use by Shaustatar, King of Mittani, in the 15th century BC. 

Not all these works have survived from antiquity. The surviving works are given the collective title Corpus Aristotelicum, and are often referred to by "Bekker numbers" (from the pagination of Immanuel Bekker's 1831 edition of Aristotle's works). These Bekker numbers in turn reflect the order of study that had been suggested by Andronicus. 

This was a new idea. Traditionally, the ancients considered the ratios of the whole numbers to be the ideal proportions, as described in Plato's Timaeus and detailed by Vitruvius. Le Corbusier, however, was probably channeling Hambridge and Cook who had written several years before him. Note that many sources mention the mathematician Mark Barr as originally making the association to Phidias, but this is purely apocryphal because Barr never published any such thing, and the only one who ever claimed that it was Barr's idea was Cook in his book Curves of Life, who may have just made this completely unsupported remark about Barr to give credence to his own ideas. 

"The Senate and the people have placed this in honor of Julius Aurelius Zenobius and Zabdilas, the son of Dichmalchus, the son of Nassumus, commander at the time of arrival of the divine Alexander, who provided help for governor Rutilius Crispinus and his visiting expeditionary force; overseer also of the distribution of corn, a liberal man, not sparing even of his own private property, and conducting his public service with distinction, so that he has been blessed by the god Jaribolus and by Julius Priscus, the most illustrious prefect and sacred praetor, and also a great lover of his country, in the year 554."