First of all, a woman cannot give her husband a divorce. Even if she says it clearly with all the intention from the bottom of her heart. The only time a woman can give her husband a divorce is if the husband gives her the right to do so. However, she can ask for Khula', which is an anullment of the marriage contract that's granted to the woman in a court of Islamic law. 

Disclaimer: I am not a scholar nor an Alim. I am posting this answer based on my understanding as a fellow muslim who happens to have attended a few lectures on Talaq. 

Kenaya divorce is the type of divorce where a person uses ambiguous wording that could mean a divorce or something else. Now in this case a divorce takes place only if the person had the intention. 

Clear or Sareeh divorce. That means you use the word Talaq in a way that has a meaning. Like, I am giving you talaq. I am divorcing you. I've divorced you, etc. Niyyat (intention) Qiyam (standing erect) Takbiratul Ehram (saying Allahu Akbar while commencing the prayers) Ruku' (bowing) Sajdatayn (two prostration) Qira'at (recitation of Surah al-Hamd and other surah) Zikr (prescribed recitation in Ruku' and Sajdah) Tashahhud (bearing witness after completing the Sajdah of the second and the last Rak'at) Salaam (Salutation) Tartib (sequence) Muwalat (to perform the different acts of prayers in regular succession). The elementals (Arkan) of Prayer are five: 

no but you should pay Khums and Zikat (whenever was applied to you) there are four type of rules as I said. but in general Islam is easy religion for going paradise. but for meeting God it is more difficult. in fact it depends on you what you are seeking. only escaping hell? entering paradise? what floor of paradise? paradise has floors same as number of verses of Quran. or you want to meet God? higher level needs higher work and pain. no pain no gain. A husband telling her that he will divorce her if she continues praying 5 times a day. 

Such a husband is sinning as that would be an example of blackmail, and blackmail is an evil sin. You can read about the sin of blackmail here: http://islamqa.org/hanafi/askimam/29632 

So if the wife falls victim to such blackmail, such a husband will blackmail her for the rest of her life most likely. This would most like be the beginning of what the rest of her life would be like, i.e. blackmail after blackmail. Is such a man really worth it? Is a marriage based on blackmail really worth saving? 

Here are some examples of blackmail: 

Full fatwa here: http://islamqa.info/en/21134 

Anyway, going back to the burqa blackmail issue, here is a quote from a fatwa by reputable scholars which includes authentic islamic texts if you read the full fatwa: That fatwa which has authentic references clearly explains the importance of hijab. The most important thing in a chaste muslim womans life is her modesty/awra. Fatwa about erotic stories here. A husband does not have a right to over-rule Gods rules. 

A husband telling her that he will divorce her if she doesn't stop appropriate hijab (burqa for example). Even though this is about portraits, doesn't the bold bit apply to cloning too? Doesn't full human cloning fit into the same category as imitating Allah in the act of His creation?