When he says "listen to me", I let him speak. Because I believe that you should treat a child seriously and with respect if you want the same from them. After his rambling, I say "Ok, but.." and start to put my point across, but I'm interrupted with more "Listen to me"! A couple more times, and he starts to yell it. 

I've read a lot about giving children the freedom to choose between acceptable choices, to make them feel like they have some control over things and hence reduce tantrums. And I was pretty convinced by its effectiveness. 

And what should the parent do when the child insists on an option that wasn't offered? We can say that's not allowed and all that, but how do we avoid a tantrum while we're denying the child his choice? 

There has been at least one other time where giving him a choice didn't work. It was about having to go out and getting to choose a shirt. Is he too old for the choice system? Did they start too late? Why isn't it working? 

There's this 3.5 year old that I know, who keeps saying/yelling "Listen to me" when you try to correct him. He probably gets it from his parents, who I've seen saying the same thing when they're trying to explain to him why he should or shouldn't do something. Especially when he's hyped up and just wont calm down and listen. 

He could be doing the dumbest/most destructive thing but when we try to reason with him to get him to stop, he'll just say "listen to me" and proceed to speak of things that are not even explanations to why he would like to keep doing what he's doing. For example, he'd be thrashing a book about, or spreading spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when we tell him (nicely at first) not to do that, he'd say "listen to me. I went into the room and got the book and this is a coloring book and we bought this when we went to the mall.." and so on. Or some trivia about spaghetti sauce.. You get the picture. (Aagh... kids!) 

And yes, this means getting your hands (and feet, face, clothes ...) dirty from time to time. That's why we have play clothes and water & soap for afterwards. 

After TV time, the brain will be exhausted (and somewhat "neurally scrambeled" due to the amount of impressions that couldn't be "stored" or absorbed properly) but still in "rapid input mode", while the body will likely be craving exercise. And in my experience that's a recipe for disaster. The pent-up energy has to go somewhere while mental control mechanisms are down due to tiredness. And this combined equals a child in "overdrive" with a really bad mood - or bickering, grumpy brats. 

Would the presence of the child be good for you as a parent? In this special case: is the child's presence something that gives you strengt and joy and reminds you of the continuity of your family line even at a time of loss, or would it be a stress factor, distract you from grieving and just be too much for you at that moment? 

Now take an even younger child - how do you think they can learn about simple thinks like warm, cold, soft, hard wet, dry, sweetly scented or stinky? There is no hands-off method of understanding or explaining snow, but so easy to grasp when you feel the cold snow melt in your hand, see it glistening in the sun or caught snowflakes with your mouth. 

Sounds like you and your husband aren't providing consistent consequences for her actions. You try to discipline her. Your husband doesn't do anything (and it sounds like he might be undermining you). You and your husband need to sit down and figure out what the consequences should be when your daughter misbehaves. 

Once you and your husband have decided on what is appropriate behavior and what the consequences should be, implement your choices and follow through with the consequences every single time. This is how you will teach her, by correcting her. Probably a lot. It won't be easy going at first, but it will pay off. 

Your daughter wants what most everyone else wants, to be happy, usually through getting her way. And she has figured out she can get your attention any time she wants it by interrupting. She isn't going to learn socially acceptable behavior unless you teach it to her. Eventually she will get to a place in life where people won't put up with such behavior and those people won't have an unconditional love for her like you and your husband do. You will shrug off mistakes and teach her. Others may not.