Fortunately, it is available in English translation, ubiquitous at libraries, cheap in paperback, and easy to read. 

I should preface this by saying that I am not a classicist, and will gladly defer to anybody who is more up on the literature than I am. First: as the original question points out, the "Socrates problem" is not really relevant to the actual question at hand. The "Socrates problem", in the sense of "the problem of the historical Socrates" is quite unusual in that we possess no texts attributed to Socrates, but rather, three distinct reports of him (coming from Plato, Aristophanes, and Xenophon), each of whom had their own polemical purposes. This problem does not apply to the vast majority of philosophers we're interested in, who left texts. [*] and/or philology, but that's a discussion for another day. 

Thus, in my opinion, there is only one answer to your question: take a look at Gadamer's "Truth and Method". When there is a major philosophical text that deals directly with the fundamental problematic underlying your question, there's no other responsible answer than a simple referral to the text in question. And, naturally, if for some reason one is unable to take the time to read the primary text, there are easily available secondary and tertiary resources which are easily found with the knowledge of the author and title of the primary work. There exists a seminal text in hermeneutics, which stands as the sine qua non for all later work in the field: Truth and Method, by Hans-Georg Gadamer. Attempting to discuss hermeneutics without reference to Gadamer would be like trying to discuss physics without recourse to Newton-- you'd spend half of your time reinventing his vocabulary, even if you wanted to disagree with him. There are the occasional folks who claim to have uncovered signs of Plato's hidden doctrines within the Platonic corpus. For example, Jay Kennedy believes that Plato was a secret Pythagorean, and that there are musical clues encoded in his writings. As you might expect, this is far from a mainstream view. 

The mainstream view, as you indicate above, is that there is no historical evidence of any unwritten doctrines outside of a small number of references in Aristotle (and Aristotle's epigones.) Occasionally, you will find a historian attempting to tease something out of the references, such as this article, but the passages are so brief as to permit only highly speculative readings.