Ever since we announced we were going to have a second and it came out it was going to be a boy, I was relentlessly told that "boys are fussier than girls" when they are a baby. I wasn't inclined to believe such nonsense. It was all anecdotal evidence seasoned with the classic "everyone knows that..." argumentum ad populum. Our boy was born and he is definitely more fussy than our daughter was. At the same time, he is also less colicky than she was. They were/are both healthy babies, growing normally, getting fed, clothed, and changed but it seems like, while she was able to be alone by herself for periods of time while we finished up the dishes or hung the laundry, he cannot stand being putting down. 

Keeping in mind that fussy, in this instance, is clearly defined as "fastidious about one's needs" and "hard to please" do studies exist that investigate the idea that boys tend to require more attention from a parent while girls require less? If they do, what was the conclusion of that study? 

We want to put the new crib into "A"'s room although it will become a little cramped and won't leave much space for playing on the floor. We are also going to move from an apartment into a house, but the move will be after "B" outgrows his current (small) crib. We want the boys to share a bedroom in the house, too. That leaves another room as their shared playroom where they can be loud (that makes their bedroom a quiet room). Technological limitations make the whole exercise questionable Bad events might take place inside the camera's viewing angle, or off-camera. Because one camera cannot cover the entire home, you'd need several just to cover the most obvious places. This seems impractical and expensive. Update: If he's not in the lower end of weight and growth charts then I'd say he appears to be well-fed and I certainly wouldn't wake him no matter how long he sleeps. 

You can wrap the baby like this for several months, as long as it's comfortable for you and the baby. Can you share experiences with benefits/drawbacks of either of these options? The move will have essentially zero social impact (neighborhood, playground, friends, kindergarten, etc.) because the house will be within walking distance of the old apartment but any move is a big change and "A" has a significant aversion to change. Every toddler benefits from solid routines and structure – "A" very much so but not quite to an autistic degree. Still, change is difficult, and he is not old enough that we can rationally discuss options and opinions with him. 

If you go on your trip with a can-do attitude and you're prepared to improvise and laugh at potential misery, then you're already well equipped. The only thing certain about going camping with small kids is that it won't go as planned - but it might be more fun that you thought! As long as the baby has not developed enough muscular strength in the neck to lift the head when lying belly-down on a floor/bed, the head must also be adequately supported. All carriers I've seen handle this well so it's not an important selection criteria but it must be paid attention to while wearing the carrier. 

Other parents tell me the same; newborns do cry in different and distinct ways. But at the same time, I've not heard any pattern that is recognisable from one child to the next, so you will have to get familiar with the different cries your baby makes.