When will the baby stop feeling pain during bowel movements and passing gas? What are your experiences? When did your children stop fussing/crying because of that? Just out of curiosity: at what age is a child ready to play with its first bricks? The light, large, colored wooden ones, like these below? I think you are missing something important. The negative consequences must be both relatively swift and have to be actually considered negative by the child! My daughter is suffering from gas pains. We have taken steps to reduce them, which were moderately successfull. Still, I'd like to know when will baby's gas pains go away? When you are home, you can try to "trick" your daughter into doing other things than watching TV. It's very simple, really. It works perfectly with my 2yo daughter. Start doing something she can help you with near her. Or do it in another room, but make sure she will hear you doing it and come to you out of curiosity. Or just shout at her and *come and see something". Aids for Making the Decision If you are unsure about your child’s readiness, some school systems also offer an assessment. Even if it is not advertised, you should ask about it. "Oh! What do you remember about butterflies?" Based on what I've read (mostly a long time ago), it is good for baby to be hearing classical music in particular throughout gestation and into infant-hood based on anecdotal evidence. In the short term, redshirting raises the child's academic achievement, increases the child's confidence in social interactions and popularity among classmates and may simply add to the normal mix of ages and abilities within the classroom. However, there is also some speculation that, in classes where there are children who have been redshirted, some older children may feel alienated from their younger classmates, and some older classmates may have an unfair advantage over younger classmates in size and in psychomotor and social skills. The presence of children of a wider age span may also make the class too diverse for a teacher to manage well. Children that are ready but redshirted, sometimes find themselves not challenged enough and behavioral challenges can arise due to this boredom. btw: in this example, you see the beginnings of the pre-operational stage because he is using the tractors and sand to symbolically make a road. At the same time, he isn't generalizing this as sand-box play with you and understanding that he is just being more specific. This kind of thing is typical in this age group and to this stage of development - try not to worry about correcting and explaining. Instead, accept and know he'll get there eventually. The really important thing is just that you keep asking. Since you are asking, his brain is working to figure out how to answer satisfactorily as you ask every day. Eventually he will get it - especially if you can help to guide him to answers that are satisfactory without frustration and stress being part of the equation. Side effects: Information specific to: Fluoxetine 20mg capsules when used in Depression. - UK NHS Choices That's absolutely fine - in fact it helps him to develop. It is possible that the fluoxetine is causing growth suppression - your friend should consult her son's doctor (again, if necessary, as some more time has passed since their last consultation, with no increase in height). 14 Most Outdated Pieces of Baby Advice Parenting, Amanda First / Ari Brown, M.D You can stand your child in many different ways, for example on your lap when you are sitting in a chair, in front of a coffee table or sofa or on the sofa cushion next to you with their back against the back cushions. The truth: He won't become bowlegged; that's just an old wives' tale. Moreover, young babies are learning how to bear weight on their legs and find their center of gravity, so letting your child stand or bounce is both fun and developmentally stimulating for him. Fluoxetine (marketed as Prozac) Information - US Food and Drug Administration, 12/16/2014 Allowing babies to stand causing problems is one of those tales. If an adult holds a baby under the arms and supports the trunk to allow the baby to bear weight on his legs it will not harm the baby. Many babies love this position and will bounce on your leg. It allows them to be upright and see the room around them. Supported standing can help build strong trunk muscles.