Gambling Slot by Slot, you'll have to spend your bloodshard at Kadala. This is especially usefull when you will own several piece of the set and only a few will be missing. You'll be assured that if you get a legendary at Kadala it's for the gear slot you are targetting and not something else. However it takes time and dedication since Kadala is not the most cooperative NPC in the game :). I would like to know 2 things : Conclusion Survivability is a mix between killing fast, toughness and healing. for the defensive aspect, the more you stack Armor, All resistance (and damage reduction modifiers), the more powerful your healing becomes so you can survive much longer even with a smaller toughness number. What you get with this sense of "false toughness" when stacking a lot of vitality is actually "diluted healing". You can test it here. With the simulator you can select : Nephalem rifts are a randomized dungeons system. It doesn't matter where you open the rift or the difficuly in which you open it, the place of the rift and the number of level is decided at random. Update 2.0.3 You can't change a skill: I rarely get one shot, however, I can't seems to be sustainable enough. I've tried to use the templar regeneration and to boost up the health from Globe so I can get my health back between elites pack (which seems fine enough), but versus hard to kill elite (like Max Health and Return Damage) I always end up dying. Since there is an hardcore mode, I believe it's possible to fight in Torment 6 without dying so : There are several ways for getting Forgotten Souls : So you don't even have to worry about Kridershot turning elemental arrow into a generator. With the new system of elemental damage, I was wondering when given the choice (for a reroll at the Mystic) if I should pick elemental damage over another historical damage stats (like Crit Chance or Crit Damage) ? How does elemental damage affect my overall DPS compared to those stats ? Edit specifically regarding Monks, there is one important difference here - Spirit-generation from skills depends on attack speed only, not on damage done or any other affixes. Since dual-wielding means +15% attack speed, a dual-wielding Monk will generally generate Spirit faster than a Monk using only one weapon. I think that your decision should be made on a case-by-case basis, based on the specific items. I don't think it's possible to reach a general rule for 2-handed over 2 1-handed or vice versa, Monk or not. I know the client is not used to determine the "home" region either, because the "Global Play" page also says that: Yes, the lowliest barrel can drop a rare or a legendary. When I socket it in a weapon, it seems to indeed add 12 to each: I can't seem to find how to set a mouse button click to a regular attack. How is that done? There is no character choice that you can make which cannot be easily changed later on, except for the name and gender :) According to Click to Loot's combat guide: In addition, zone transitions (e.g., entering a dungeon or descending a dungeon floor) immediately remove all caltrops from the previous zone. The three attacks each seem to do 1/3 of 140% weapon damage each, so your 5-hit combo is around 9.3% weapon damage per hit, which results in an extra 3 hits giving you another 28% damage. Tanking monsters with an AOE dps ability active, such as Sweeping Wind, typically will keep monsters on me since when they drop agro, my aoe ability will tick and cause them to stay on me. Of course, it's not perfect since dps has a chance to hit before my aoe ability ticks. I haven't tried Whimsyshire yet though, and have been thinking about farming the items to go there. I also tested this with on-hit effects by removing all equipment except a weapon with an amethyst in it (which steals life on hit), and found that during the course of a combo, I'd only heal 3 times. For example, a Monk can use Blinding Flash to stun all enemies in the area without damaging them, and then just hope at least 5 decide to do their tongue attack once they've recovered Using a skill like Cyclone Strike to pull a mob off a dps player will cause the monster to re-focus on me in most cases, unless they take damage from the dps player before I can do damage, or are shielded/invulnerable so I don't do damage Remove your weapons and your Secondary skill (either drag it off the toolbar, or go equip your secondary skill somewhere else and it will change to an auto-attack), and hit him with your right-mouse button (secondary). However I don't like Fists of Thunder, and want to know which of the remaining ones are the fastest, and if there's even a significant difference in spirit-generation between them. As a helpful tip to avoid dying, when Diablo gets to really low hp (not sure of the exact %, but its less than 5%) in the final fight, he will stop attacking and simply sits there. Once you finish casting, the dead player gets the option to accept your resurrection, or they can still choose to respawn at the last checkpoint. Here's what I find works best for when you want aggro: I've also seen armor pieces that actually raise my armor when I equip them, but that have a negative Protection value compared to my current equipment.