Insofar as the question of being under the hypnotist's control is concerned, the hypnotist cannot make the subject do anything that he or she considers morally incorrect or wrong. For example, if the hypnotist were to tell the subject to take a knife and stab another person and the subject considers this to be ethically wrong, the "moral part" of the brain will kick in and prevent him or her from doing this. 

Answer that to yourself, and you will get your answer. Islam is natural and only promotes that which is natural. No man would like that the women of his household were ogled at, and Islam formalizes this formal fitrah or nature of man. Do unto others as you would have others do unto you. 

There are innumerable such hadiths that encourage Muslims to get married and discourage them from leading a celibate life. 

This principle of instructing others with wisdom is amply demonstrated in the hadith that follows. See how the Messenger of Allah (SAWS) answered in the best and most effective way that made the young lad see sense. 

Islam provides us the best and most effective solutions while trying to convince others about the truth. 

There have been several advances in the field of genetics, and we now have hybrid animals, animals that are part human since they have human chromosomes in them. 

Having understood that, we find a hadith in which some men inquired about the worship of the Prophet of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) and decided that they would engage themselves solely in Allah's worship, the implication being that they would not marry and thus abstain from having sexual relations. Upon hearing this, the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) was upset and he chastised them so: 

Attraction towards women is natural for any man, and a Muslim too is no exception. However, before trying to justify fahisha (indecency) to yourself and to others, bear this hadith in mind and ask yourself: Would you like it if your mother and sister and aunts all dressed up that way and every inch of their bodies was then admired by men? Would you like the ladies of your household to be ogled at? 

Islam's position on cloning is very clear: it is haraam because it is playing with Allah's creation. The ethics of cloning could very well be on par with the Nazis' experiments on human subjects.