Hylomorphism is the name of one of Aristotle's basic principles to investigate the material world. The name hylomorphism is explained in virmaior's answer. The term itself is not due to Aristotle, it has been coined much later. Should time and space be considered a subject of metaphysics? 

Freewill libertarian make an assumption which they have never tested: That we could decide other than we actually did. In order to test this claim one has to reproduce the original situation and to repeat the decision experiment. How could such experiment look like? Did anybody perform such an experiment? Hence freewill libertarian use an untested and possibly even untestable hypothesis. But first one needs the data of the experiment, than one can search for an explanation. 

A widespread interpretation of these results is the Kopenhagen interpretation, which considers QM a complete theory and this type of probability an inherent property of nature. But today this interpretation is continously questioned, e.g. by the many world interpretation according to Everett. Nothing is a problematic term; user of this term, considering nothing as a noun, are often at risk to run into linguistic traps. 

Referring to question 3) some competing world models are: The Homeric world model with the Olympic gods, the non-theistic world model of the Upanishads, the different theistic world models of the Puranas, the non-theistic world model of astrophysics, the atheistic world model of naturalism, the agnostic world model of early Buddhism. 

When going bottom-up the levels of physics, chemistry and neurobiolology of the brain we successfully operate on each level with deterministic laws. While on the top level of conscious mental experience we subjectively feel free within a wide range. The problem is to bridge the gap between these two kinds of layers. 

The single invariant entity in spacetime is the light cone. It separates my future and past from my present. I am causally connected to all events within my light cone, but to none event outside my ligth cone. Hence the special theory of relativity operates with the basic entities spacetime and light cone. From them it derives space and time and the first causal relations. The most simple explanation for the fitting of the measurements of different groups is the hypothesis that all groups measure properties of the same external objects. 

Descartes undertook his work primarily not in direct response to the scholastic doctrine, but in response to scholastic method. He was unhappy with the uncertainty of the disputed speculations. He was driven by the search for certain knowledge. And he was fascinated by the reliability of the mathematical method to obtain certain knowledge. It is a methodological problem that Descartes addresses. 

I think one can make a similar list for electron and black hole. 

Equivalence is a fundamental concept of mathematics, possibly even the most elementary fundamental concept. Taking equivalence relation is used for abstraction: Due to this state of affairs, currently we have to leave open the question. Metaphysical principles like ex nihilo nihil fit do not help. Possibly they hold for the range of everyday life. But nobody knows how far their range actually stretches. The above construction means to consider equivalent two integers if and only they give the same rest when dividing by n = 2. The same construction can be achieved for division by arbitrary non-zero n. The result are the restclasses modulo n, i.e. the sets with elements 0,1,2,...,n-1. Also here addition and multiplication are well-defined. While based on a religious worldview the meaning of human life could be worshipping a deity or qualifying for a pleasant afterlife. 

In my opinion that's an open problem. We have no physical theory which contains the beginning of our physical world. Big Bang is a limit term, it is not part of our physical models. 2) You also ask about the meaning of life. Also this question has been answered differently. 

The role of time and space beeing containers or relations have been discussed controversially in physics. 

1) The strategy of freewill libertarians is to postulate a special actor causality as emphasized in the answer of @conifold. The original question hits the weak point of this approach: Unfortunately, you do not state any argument to support your intuition. 

Is the concept of the Jewish god well-defined? Is a model based on this hypothesis free from contradictions? What can a world model based on this hypothesis explain in contrast to a model without this hypothesis? These three questions indicate useful criteria to assess competing theories. The results of natural sciences are intersubjectively testable. In general, the experts find consensus whether a scientific claim should be accepted as valid or should be refused. In the domain of experimental physics, measurements of one group must - and can - be confirmed by measurements of other groups.