Reading onward, several examples or types of presumption are presented. Ultimately, the "sin of presumption" is the presumption that God will forgive all sins, regardless of the sinner's disposition towards those sins, or with minimal effort in repenting. Or, in some particularly twisted cases, one might presume all of their own sins will be forgiven, somewhat regardless of their effort and sincerity in repenting. 

I hadn't heard of (or recalled) three layers of Magisterium until seeing this question (and I was hoping someone who was more familiar would post and answer sooner), but I was able to find a page (just one) that refers to three levels. Effectively, this resource claims that the General Magisterium, i.e., the general teaching authority of the Church on faith, is the full body of Baptized and confirmed and/or ordained Catholics. 

HIPAA lets doctors do their work without forcing them to double as spies for parents. And it lets kids seek needed treatment without worrying that their doctor is a spy! And this agreement, I suspect, does not stand in the way of a healthy parent-child relationship. As is obvious, the creed is a set of beliefs that the speaker(s) hold. The statement in question, in the most literal sense, suggests that anyone who adores and glorifies the Father and the Son should/will also glorify the Holy Ghost. So, it applies both to the Church Triumphant and the speaker(s). 

The liquid inside the cup is now and instantaneously Jesus Christ's real blood, fully and wholly. 

I don't know of any resources that pinpoint an exact moment at which transubstantiation occurs. But, given the nature of consecration in general, it's logical to assume that the moment of change occurs at the end of each meaningful declaration. Portions of the sentence (this, this is, and this is my) aren't complete declarations. Only, This is my body is a complete declaration. The Catholic Church maintains that it does not have the authority to ordain women. I.e., the Church can't ordain women. It's assumed then that God set a precedent or gave a mandate to ordain only men. 1. The goods of creation are destined for the entire human race to enjoy and be stewards of. Ownership of private property must be subordinate or in service to the common good of all. 

The implication in Ephesians isn't that the people of the Church, though holy ("set firmly apart" for God's plans), is pure. Rather the opposite is stated, that the Church is blemished by sinful people and is being actively purified by the Word of God (Jesus Christ). 

Subsidiary is a single, vague social guideline among many; not an overarching, specific moral precept. Subsidiarity demands that we handle things as close to the issue as possible. But, the motivation to escalate to higher levels of community and government stem from the Catholic principle of solidarity. And both of these principles are meaningless without the context of another moral need or needs: In this case, the right to individual privacy, the responsibilities of a parent, and the obligations of medical practitioners. The Church explicitly avoids speaking on most matters. You're expected to reason things out and use your conscience. There's a lot to think about. The specific issues you're familiar with may or may not be representative of the broader application. Without overanalyzing, acknowledge the complexity. And vocalize that our judgement if it seems imperative. There may be moral issues with certain applications of HIPAA. Presently, the moral issues are either isolated or negligible enough in the eyes of the Catholic Church to warrant widespread Catholic compliance. Jumping off a bit from fredsbend's answer ... HIPAA allows kids to receive medical care without fear of disproportionate punishment and judgement. It's not all that dissimilar, in my opinion, from the seal of confession. Like every parent, I'm far from perfect. And we tend overreact and punish for more than an offense is worth. I don't want the fear parental overreaction to stand in the way of medical treatment. (Or spiritual treatment!) My kids will know the Catholic stuff either way. They will make mistakes. Some of them may be downright egregious. But, they'll know my beliefs regardless of whether I'm informed enough to distribute a consequence for every mistake. And because I'm far from a perfect parent, far from an effective disciplinarian in emotional situations, it's probably better in some cases that I don't know what they've done, and rather allow the kids to reflect on their own actions based on what they know I/we believe. And to the extent that any parent succeeds in charitably correcting their kids' behavior with due mercy, I presume the kids will be open about their lives. To the extent that any parent reacts selfishly, degrading, devaluing, or disproportionately punishing, I suspect that kids will be private about their sins.