With Omaha games your best five cards must consist of two cards in your hand and three cards on the board. The ruling was technically incorrect. I made the ruling I did because the pot was small, and it was not a big deal to rule this way in the best interest of the game. However I also announced to the table, that the rules say plainly that you must table your card to have a claim to the pot, and that if this happens again, the pot will stay in the middle and be awarded to the winner of the next hand. In tournaments the casino has, usually as part of the agreement, a right to disqualify a player, without the player being able to receive a refund on buy in. I think they pick up the disqualified players stack. If the player was disqualified when they were in the money, the disqualified player does not collect, and payout may need to be adjusted for players that have already placed. It is also possible for a cheating incident to come to light after the player has finished the tournament. Then readjusting may become a big problem and subject to all kinds of things which may work out in all kinds of different ways. Going over this thread some months later (7-17), I have some thoughts. You simply need to know it is the best five cards, nothing more and nothing less. You should also understand that the five card rule is an abstract rule that only covers certain forms of poker and that there are other forms of poker have nothing to do with the five card rule. There are also variations on the five card rules that one should have a basic understanding of before they play a game. Roberts rules of poker has formalized allowing of chopping blinds.(Section two Procedures 15). The hand rankings for five card poker games. So yes you can chop blinds, is it against the rules, maybe, maybe not but nobody really cares anymore. In other variants of poker such as five card draw, Seven card stud etc. Where you posses all your cards the best five cards rule still applies. So the answer to the question is what lee wrote, they hand is live the pot is awarded even if the player mucked the hand after it was turned up and shown. Just be aware that things have and will go wrong on occasion. The lesson being pay attention and protect your hand until the pot is awarded. In the comments section of the post I referred to Lee said essentially he would hold the player to betting the pot, the other user arguing that it was not a legitimate bet. The comments section got a little ugly there, as they will tend to do when people argue which side of a paradox is the right side. Technically they are both right but it is a paradox so whatever is right is simply whatever works best at the time for someone. Generally speaking there is limited scope to what happens. Generally, the house is not responsible for damage done by cheaters, and they really don't have a right to say confiscate chips or cash to redistribute them to other players. A private game on the other hand has about any remedy they choose, and have chosen various remedies up to, and including homicide. So there you go the floor person has to decide what is going to happen with this pot when no player at the table has a legitimate claim to the pot. The really bad thing in this situation is that there is no totally correct ruling. The ruling is totally a judgment call. The rules cover the conditions under which a player may be awarded the pot, very little is said about what should happen when no one qualifies to win the pot. Here is what the floor person can do. I Made a ruling on this exact situation. The pot was small (1/2 NL, $5), there was an ace high straight on board, the ruling was that the pot was split. Therefore, you cannot be dealt in on the button because coming from another table there is no button in the spot you are about to sit at, it always belongs to a player that was involved in the last hand at the table. Whom exactly has the button is determined by the factors of the hand before you got there, and only the players in the hand are eligible.