Your 4 year-old daughter is not bad for disagreeing with you about whether she's able to handle a bread-knife safely, and it's good to allow her to sulk or to challenge that boundary, as long as she's polite about it. But you don't let her pick up the knife. My friend's 6-month old tends to do this a lot, and they're concerned that he may continue after the teeth have come through, especially as while he's got no teeth, it's just adorable, so he's getting a certain amount of positive reinforcement when he does it. If he already has something like this or he's past the teething stage, then it may be that he's picked up that it's a good way to get attention, in which case, what Torben said. Note that either reason is fine (your needs are as important as his, especially as how you feel affects how you interact with him), but the approaches for dealing with it are very different. If it's the latter, some success can be achieved using a combinations of leaving the kids with the grandparents while you take a long weekend, and enforcing that "Daddy's Office" is off-limits, and retreating there when you need a break. My question would be how much of a social outlet does he have outside of your family? If you're unable to provide him with the attention he needs and still provide his sister with the care she needs, then finding ways for him to get that attention elsewhere, either from childcare or simply from a good nursery could be a solution. One thing that might help is some form of teething ring that he can chew on. I think this one may be a bit of an judgement call for each example, but mine would be this. Critically, it is okay for her to ask "Why?" If you don't have an proper answer, you can still say "Because it doesn't feel right to me, and I have to be the parent", but you should never be annoyed that she wants to engage with you rather than just ignoring or yelling at you. (Note that if there's a point where she's just trying to wear you down by persistent argument, that's not the same thing as genuinely asking. You have to judge this by your child). As Doc said in the comment, she may even be able to convince you, and that doesn't undercut your authority at all.