I tried various ways of carrying the bike: 

It doesn't seem that the fork has any ball bearings. 

I imagine the last idea, with resting the bike on the backpack, is the only usable one for long sections (say, 30-60 minutes walking). Am I right? 

Update: I had a half-full 35-litre backpack at the day I had this problem. I am willing to fill my pack with light bulky stuff if needed, but I don't want a bigger pack: 35 L seems enough for maximal journeys I want to do; any bigger and it starts to be annoying. 

How safe would it be to assemble it back without going to my LBS (it will probably take them some much time, and I would not like to miss riding on my weekend)? I have no experience in suspension fork servicing; my idea is just to use common sense to screw parts back in. 

Which way can I secure my bike on my backpack, so the back ache (and supposedly damage) is minimized? 

Sometimes I want to ascend a steep (say, 50%) slope, where is impossible to ride and awkward to push/pull the bike. 

I have accidentally removed the suspension fork from my bicycle (Trek Remedy 8). I was trying to take off just the handlebar, but was distracted for a moment and unscrewed the wrong bolt. 

I personally live and ride on the North Shore of Vancouver Canada which has some incredibly rough and steep trails (pictured above). My XC bike has 5 inches of travel front and rear and I use all of it on XC rides. It does not have enough travel for some of the more advanced downhill trails in our area. 

If you are riding uphill or on the flats try to keep steady power on the pedals as you have less traction to work with. Some find a faster or slower pedal cadence easier - try both and take your pick. Also make sure to conserve momentum, if you slow down to much you won't be going anywhere. Finally, don't get discouraged, riding on sand is a learned skill and always work to 

Why train in an aero position for XC racing? As previously stated, I suspect the coaching exercise is to get you used to working hard in a closed body position. All aero positions will get the trunk of your body lower (to reduce your frontal area, making you more slip through the air with less effort). Similar to road racing, XC racing can also be a game of marginal gains. If you can cut more drag on long flat sections than another rider, you might be able to pick up a position or maintain your positioning with less effort. 

In the end the choice is a personal one and the cost/benefit will be different for every rider. 

When I was visiting Bend Oregon, the riding was so smooth that my 5 inch XC bike was a rather silly choice and I would rather have been on a rigid (no suspension) bike. 

I hope this is helpful to you. 

See the Schwalbe Rocket Ron. 29x2.25, good, fast rolling knobby with enough width to be stable in the rock garden, and comfy, good cornering feel, and good hook up. It even sheds mud well. i ride it in Pacific Northwest singletrack, including Whistler and Banff, which is fairly similar to Colorado, if not quite as dry. 

If you can make that budget work, then look at the Scott Scale line. 

Yes, your bike can be fitted with pretty much any saddle. 

I like and recommend Scott bikes for you because they are readily available in Europe, and they make high quality bikes at a reasonable price. 

There should be no problem mounting that seat on any post that fits your frame. 

It does sound like you've disassembled the guts of your suspension seat post, so if you can't get it back together, you're probably looking at a new seat post. 

The (metric) allen key on your new saddle is a 6mm. If you're using Standard Allen wrenches its probably a little larger than 7/32". 

2 Housing shims, used to secure hydraulic lines or brake housing in the braze-ons of the frame, or for securing the housing at the point it enters the frame in the case of internal housing. 1 Headset adjustment bolt button, used to keep water out of the bolt in the center of your headset cap, or to hide the bolt. 2 Hydraulic line clips, used to secure hydraulic lines or cable housing on a particular type of housing guide on the outside of a frame or the back of a suspension fork. Many frames come with extras of these parts, so it may be that you have no need for them at this time. Or you might, if the LBS did a poor job of assembly. No way for us to know without seeing your bike. 

When you buy a bike with the intent to upgrade, realize you will spend far more long term, than if you bought your bike ready built with the same components you upgraded to. I understand why it can be better to do it that way to break up the cost, but it does cost a lot more money overall. 

Your budget is fairly low, so if you have the option, save a bit more before you buy. A budget of $800-1000 is more appropriate if you can afford to make it work. It allows the wheels and fork to be quality enough that upgrading the other components becomes worthwhile.