The Ninety Nine Attributes of Allah Also it should be noted about the validity of this explain that: Third, a worshipped God who is One having no partner, especially if this worshipping is associated with sincerity from the worshipper who will not glorify and beseech (help) for his needs, except Him. So he does not desire except what God dictates for him and does not act except what God wills (for him). In this verse the world land first should be proved that is what land. eve if we assume this is Palestine land then it does not say this land is for Jews. but say it is for "the people who had been oppressed". it should be proved who has been these people. even if we assume these people have been some people at thousands of years ago then what is the relation to current Jews? extending this to current Jews needs prove. Please avoid any answer or tafseer without evidence from Quran or hadith. even if it is the commentary (personal idea) of a famous interpreter of Quran but without any hadith as evidence. As humans we are limited and created by Absolute God. we do not have the ability to Know entity of God. i.e. we can not understand what is God itself. but we only can understand names (attributes of God). God has thousands of attributes. and each attribute of God represents properties of God to us. in Quran we see different names of God and each is to we know God more and more and using this knowledge become more and more near to God to finally can meet him. knowing God at a high level is needed to meet God. Indeed, it is We who bring the dead to life and record what they have put forth and what they left behind, and all things We have enumerated in a clear register. http://tanzil.net/#36:12 Some of those works that can be done by knowledge of book described in this dua are: This knowledge is some special names of God that any miracle can be done by using them. For better understanding the interpretations it is better to know the interpreter firstly and his biography and his view and alliance. also it is better to read explanations from different views. for example: This man was Asif Ibn Barkhia the successor of prophet Solomon a.s. who was chosen by God for as successor for leadership of believers after death of prophet Solomon a.s. The question is who is this Imam in this verse? So it is not suitable for a Muslim scholar to be allied with Jews and have travel and friendship with Jew occupiers of Palestinian land of Muslims. In this verse there is no name of the any land. this claim should be prove that this verse is talking about the Palestine land. and also it should be proved this includes current Jews and not only the Bani Israel tribe of thousands years ago. In another verse Quran talks about another man who has the knowledge of book. but in this verse the term "from" is not used that means this man has all the knowledge of book. according to many different hadith this man is Imam Ali a.s. Another claimed verse is this: Second, a King who is strong in authority, extreme in ability and influential in ruling who protects him from evil with his authority. This as well is an independent reason (for seeking help) in itself. In short by having this knowledge every science and every part of nature and every miracle will be in your control. In this verse exactly the Arabic word of Imam is used. but amazingly it is translated "register". Here is some part of commentary of this verse from Tafsir al-Mizan In the Dua Simaat some of these names and the works that can be done by them are described. Anyway this verse is clearly saying "clear Imam" First, a Lord who guards, administers and rears him and to whom he may turn for all affairs and what is needed for survival and protection from evil that may threaten him. This is an independent reason in itself. And those who have disbelieved say, "You are not a messenger." Say, [O Muhammad], "Sufficient is Allah as Witness between me and you, and [the witness of] who has knowledge of the Scripture." http://tanzil.net/#13:43 Again in this verse it should people be proved what is relation of "O my people" to current Zionist Jews who have occupied Palestine. The verses claimed by Adwan are these: this knowledge has different parts and all the prophets did not have all of it. in this verse it is said "knowledge from the book". the word "from" means he (the successor of prophet Solomon a.s. had only some of this knowledge. Also there is an important note about Palestinian Muslims. the original Palestinian Muslims are in fact the Bani Israel. but they converted to Muslim when messenger of Allah SAWW came and Islam was entered to Palestine. Muslims conquered Palestine but did not enforce Jew and Christians of Bani Israel living there convert to Muslim. but in stead the Islamic state left people to have any religion they prefer. but still most of them converted to Muslim and population of Jews was less than 5%. when messenger of Allah Jesus a.s. came to Palestine many of Bani Israel converted to Christian and some remained Jew. and when prophet Muhammad SAWW came many of Bani Israel living in Palestine converted to Muslim. so Palestinian Muslims are the same Bani Israel and if we assume this land is promised to Bani Isarel so the Palestinian Muslims are Bani Israel too and they should not be expelled out from their homes and lands. now more than 70% of Palestinian Muslims are living in other countries as refugees and are waiting to come back to their homes and lands.