Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. 

The reality is that the President and Congress share a lot of power over the Federal purse and both have plenty of room to fight each other over spending. This makes it so the President has a lot of sway over what goes into the budget that Congress passes. Constitutionally speaking, the President only has as much influence over the budget as any other congressional bill. Practically speaking, however, the President wields a lot of power over taxpayer funds. Even though it's Congress's job to pass budget bills, it's the President's job to actually spend that money. And that's where things get interesting. To understand why the issue is so complex in America, you have to frame the conversation in the context in which both sides understand the issue: (Note that I am using the terms "Pro-Life" and "Pro-Choice" even though different groups call them by different labels) 

The free market made the Internet what it is today. Attempts to monopolize and control it aren't new, but they have thus far failed to do so. If they ever do succeed, then we can talk about Net Neutrality. But for now, the term "Net Neutrality" is just a pleasant-sounding euphemism for "Government regulation of the Internet". And the Internet and all of the players on it large and small have shown us, consistently, time and time again, that there is little need of the government's "protection". 

Since the vast majority of abortions in the United States are elective (i.e. not connected to health concerns of the fetus or mother, and not due to rape or incest), the central issue surrounding the abortion debate is a moral argument. Moral arguments against abortion often stem from religious faith, but not always (there are pro-life atheists out there). The only reason women have a right to abortion in America is because of a SCOTUS decision, not an act of Congress. Those are always contentious. Many people in the pro-life camp consider the SCOTUS opinion to be a perverse interpretation of the Constitution, and that the very idea that there is even a "right" to an abortion at all is a matter of serious debate in the U.S. 

Here, there is a phrase: "Secret service name". For Clinton it is "Evergreen" and for Trump it is "Mogul". US dont have any of these problems with Saudi Arabia (King): 

Are there limits (age, crime,...) for participation in US elections (Congress, president,...), for people who vote or for candidates? US former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice named Israel’s 2006 aggression against Lebanon as "the birth pangs of a new Middle East". At the time mission failed, but "Arab Spring" was a new opportunity for US (and allies). The new Middle East they want is like this: US considers itself as pro-democracy, even intervene other countries internal affairs with excuse of democracy. On the other hand in middle east dictators are US allies. Maybe one can consider Saudi Arabia's government as The worst dictatorship in the world. Even the name of country is in the name of monarch. The name in Arabic is Al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah as-Sa'ūdiyah, which means the Arabic country related to al-Sa'ūd ( the name of father of monarch is Abdulaziz Al-Sa'ūd). 

Pro Choice: People on the pro-choice side of the argument see pregnancy as a women's health issue. A woman has a fundamental right to make civil and medical decisions regarding her own body and her own life, and since pregnancy is inherently a medical condition with serious medical and social implications, neither doctors nor the government may withhold treatment to terminate an unwanted or potentially dangerous pregnancy. Extremist pro-choice activists believe that a woman should have the right to make this decision at any time for any reason, while more moderate pro-choicers believe that there should be some limitations. Others may be morally opposed to abortion, but nonetheless believe that the government cannot take away a woman's right to choose. None of this is pretext to a war, however. Right now it is more sabre rattling than anything else, with China seeing what they can get away with, and the U.S. posturing to show that they can't. The bottom line is that the U.S. military has every right to be in the South China Sea, but China's military would have no right to be in Guam. I'm no fan of Comcast or Time Warner Cable. There's a reason that people continually vote them as the worst company in America. But the point is that it's not like they just had this brilliant idea a couple of years ago to use their monopoly powers to put the screws to content providers like Google and Netflix. They've been trying to do that since the 1990's. They're the same evil, greedy mega-corporations they've always been. And yet, here you are, reading this post on your browser or your phone, for the same price that you're paying for all the other tabs and applications you have open right now. 

Constitutionally speaking, the President only has as much influence over the budget as any other congressional bill. Practically speaking, however, the President wields a lot of power over taxpayer funds. Even though it's Congress's job to pass budget bills, it's the President's job to actually spend that money. And that's where things get interesting. It is important to remember North Korea's attitude as well. Officially, the Korean War in the 1950's never ended. What the world has been living with is actually a 60-year ceasefire. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war with each other. While missile defense shields in general have proven effective against short- and medium-range missiles that travel through the atmosphere (the Israeli "Iron Dome" and the U.S. Patriot missle system are good examples), the United States does not have a system that can reliably protect against ICBMs. Even if it did, no missile defense shield is 100% effective, and we're talking about nukes here. It only takes one good shot to cause incredible damage and loss of life.