I am a little confused about your described hand action. The fact that you use A, B, and C to denote players implies to me that they're acting in that alphabetical order. If A bets 1000 and B calls 1000, then C calls all-in for 500, there's no reason for A to fold, because he owes no additional money to stay in the hand. Can you please clarify that action? The responsibility to show first lies on the person who put in the last bet or raise on the last betting round. In your example, this will be the person who shoved all-in. If the second player sees those cards and his hand is not a winner, he can safely muck and the pot will be awarded to the shover. If the second player has the best hand and wants to win the pot, then he must show his cards eventually. In a cash game, there's typically no requirement that anyone show their hand at showdown if it's not a winning hand and you can muck at any time and relinquish any claim you have to the pot. In a tournament, there's a requirement that all hands be turned face-up in an all-in situation as some level of protection against collusion and chip dumping. All in all I would say it's not allowed to say "same bet", because if someone doesn't remember the exact bet (and the chips from the last bet are of course moved to the middle of the table already) he might only see the first chips going over the betting line and than the person who puts in the chips can see the reaction. And than move another one in. Some people play with earphone and they wont hear always what you say and for them it looks like a string bet, which is not allowed. This things should be declared in the "house rules". Same for the muck rule, if you can muck losing hands without showing after paying the river. Or if it's allowed to show one of your cards in middle of the game to the opponent. etc. etc. to protect yourself, don't do that. People won't like you on the table anymore after you fight for your position in such a situation as well. If you feel disturbed by a person, playing or non playing, you can adress this to the dealer. He will surely take care, since you are the customer. You should always put all your chips together over the betting line in casinos. Because in the end it doesn't matter if you said what you wanted to bet, if no one hears that exactly. With putting all neccessary chips at once to the right place you are always in a good position regarding any problems of missunderstanding. Then you always have to remove the chips you put in later. For that reason i always say a number i want to bet or raise. So everybody knows whats going on. In your specific case the dealer could or should have as well noticed that you felt distracted and jump in. It's his responsibility to keep to game up and running. This also includes to remind non players to keep silence around the table. Of course there are edge cases, if someone who is in the hand is talking a lot and it disturbes you. He is allowed to talk in general... I always read house rules and see the tiny differencens since I use to deal as well and like to keep myself informed No, there is no such poker rule in gerneral. Player behaviour is often covered in the so called house rules. Some rules which are can be found in the house rules: This actually covers your case perfectly. The player tosses in a $1000 and a $500 chip. If you remove the $500 chip ("any one chip") you still have at least the calling amount. Thus it's covered by rule 41. Rule 41 states that a valid raise must be at least the size of the previous bet or raise. Because the total bet of $1500 is a valid raise ($500 more than the $1000 which was itself a raise of $500 over the original bet), the player's action should be interpreted as a raise. I am angered enough at the other two answers here to move my comments to an actual attempt at an answer. I think they really miss the point. In short: I am a little confused about your described hand action. The fact that you use A, B, and C to denote players implies to me that they're acting in that alphabetical order. If A bets 1000 and B calls 1000, then C calls all-in for 500, there's no reason for A to fold, because he owes no additional money to stay in the hand. Can you please clarify that action? Firstly, the term "short stack" only really relates to a pre-flop description of relative stack sizes of all players. It doesn't have a reasonable use after the action has started. That said, a player may be "short stacked" post-flop but that's entirely down to what action has occurred. Specific to the example, player A can only call the All-In for $7, although his total amount staked is $10, equaling that of player B. Opposing players still to act can only call the difference between their current staked amount and what opponents have bet, assuming they are closing the action. Otherwise, they can bet/raise up to their total stack assuming another player still to act can match it. You mention "before betting" and "after betting" and i'm not certain of what you mean, but it seems irrelevant as the game is sequential. Further action only exists after any action state. The term short stack is only a description and has no real use in game mechanics. As for the side pot issue, player A is involved in ALL pots as his bet covers everyone. That said, in your example: After all bets are matched, player A still has $1 behind which is not in play (i.e cannot be lost or won with), and players B & C are All-In. In a little more detail, player C can only win a multiple of his total staked amount ($9), thus the $27 main pot, or 3 players in that pot for $9 each. Players A & B can win the main pot and the side pot, where the side pot consists of the extra money staked above what the lowest amount staked was (i.e. above $9). Player A only has to match this extra amount of $1 (i.e. difference between what player B & C staked), thus 2 players in the side pot totaling $2.