Also, It's also worth noting that the Fixed Term Parliaments Act 2011 only mandates the election to be held on Thursday under normal circumstances. 

polls reveal information about the likelihood of a policy passing or the election of a candidate, so people resolve cognitive dissonance (“Policy X is going to pass, but Policy X makes me unhappy”) by switching to the side they believe is going to win 

Update: Evan McMullin has chosen Mindy Finn as his running mate, so what would happen to 'Nathan Johnson' who is still on the ballot? 

Democrats Abroad get half a vote. This live blog by NPR states that: 

As to whether a new general election will be called will depend on the new Prime Minister. It's also legally not required for an unelected PM to call a general election and there have been many former Prime Ministers who assumed office unelected and did not call for any election. 

It differs, there's no true swing states, but depends on predictions. In different elections, the states can vary. 

Similar to the stance taken by the Conservative Party, they believe that there should be not be another referendum on the deal, but that parliament should have a vote 

This would give the EU lesser arguments to give the UK a bad deal and at the same time to give Theresa May a stronger argument since she has the popular support. 

As quoted from the official UK Parliament website, business in Parliament will cease when it is dissolved: 

However, keep in mind that this was stated by the party in June 2016. Currently, it's unclear if they will still reverse Brexit and keep Britain in the EU, though they have recently mentioned that they would stop a "Hard Brexit" and keep the UK in the EU single market. 

Most importantly, the final Brexit deal requires the Parliament to vote in order to approve it, so having a larger majority reduces the chances of the UK leaving the EU without a deal. 

This research is further elaborated in this Huffington Post article: 

Article by Politico: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/evan-mcmullin-running-mate-227803 

These examples are referenced from The Guardian. 

An example may be the 2016 US Presidential Election in which Clinton consistently polled above Trump, thus Clinton supporters assume that it's a sure-win for her, resulting in a low turnout rate for Clinton1. 

The “balance mandate” is just a kludge to mitigate some paradoxes in the way votes are counted and save this rather complicated system from a recent court case but none of this fundamentally changes the dynamics of the political system in Germany. 

EDIT: I found a Wikipedia article confirming this for the presidential and legislative elections. Note, however, that the table for the legislative, local (cantonales), and municipal elections are not directly comparable as a candidate or a list who gets more than 50% of the vote in the first round of voting is elected directly, which automatically depresses turnout in the second round (and, in municipal elections, many lists run unopposed because France has literally tens of thousands or really tiny municipalities). 

Note that for the German federal elections, the representation was already proportional as there are only half as many districts (and direct mandates) as there are seats in the parliament. Excess mandates can create a bit of drama but not seriously alter the balance between the parties in parliament. The plurality aspect (the first vote) is not about creating majorities, it's only about allowing people to vote for one person rather than merely for a party. If you remove that, it has no purpose. 

Constitutions typically do not have any strict rules on who should become head of government or who can be a cabinet member but rather procedural rules giving a president or monarch the power to pick someone to form a government. And, while an exact 50/50 split is not common, in many parliamentary democracies lack of absolute majority for a single party is the rule rather than an exception. So even when leaders are important figures, they do not technically win elections or a majority, political parties do and they have to form coalitions. 

Thus, in a slightly different context, the French Front National made a point of fielding candidates in each and every district. That's a way for them to increase their showing in the parliamentary elections and to show they are not some fringe group hoping to stage a protest or become the junior partner in a governing coalition but a real contender to lead the country. 

You don't need to imagine an angry mob, even two or three people queuing at once and eager to vote could easily outpace the officials flipping through the electoral roll. 

At the end of the day, the key test is that the new government must be elected/confirmed by the parliament. Picking the leader of party A over party B would not bring much if party B, C, and D are bent on governing together. Conversely, if the parties can't agree with each other and nobody is in a position to gather an absolute majority in parliament, forming a government can prove impossible even with a distribution like 35/25/20/20. 

Incidentally, in parliamentary democracies, “leader” or “candidate” are informal positions, their names are not on the ballot and all the power and influence they hold stems from their control of their own political party. You can find examples of declared candidates stepping back between the election and the actual cabinet formation (e.g. Gerhard Schröder in Germany after he lost his 2005 bid for reelection, even if his party did participate in the next cabinet), prime ministers that weren't the leader of any party or even members of parliament (e.g. Mario Monti of Italy) and of course many many coalitions formed during a legislature, with a new prime minister that hasn't led his party to a general election before being elected by the parliament (Matteo Renzi would be the last example but in Italy very few prime ministers remained in power for the full five-year legislature period and many came to power in-between general elections).