In the case of An-Nisa' 4:3, the specific reasons for revelation are explained below in a hadith by 'A'isha, but the general words of the rulings prevail. 

And if you divorce them before you have touched them and you have already specified for them an obligation, then [give] half of what you specified - unless they forego the right or the one in whose hand is the marriage contract foregoes it. And to forego it is nearer to righteousness. And do not forget graciousness between you. Indeed Allah , of whatever you do, is Seeing. 

There is no verse from Qur'an or hadith that defines the criteria of the arbitrators. This was a task that scholars of jurisprudence undertook: Such a condition (according to the Hanbali school): In Qur'an 4:6, nikah is referring to reaching the age of puberty (the age at which one is accountable in front of Allah, and one can enter into marriage contracts) 

Hanbali The Hanbali view is explained by Ibn Taymiyyah in Majmū' al-Fatawa Vol. 32, pp. 170 where he said that if the marriage contract stipulates that the husband should not take another wife, and he does, then the wife has the right to annul the marriage while keeping all her rights or to continue with the marriage. Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya shared the same view of his teacher in I'lām al-Muwaqqi'īn, Vol. 1, pp. 238-239. He added that 'Umar ibn al-Khattab, Sa'd ibn Abi Waqqas, 'Amr ibn al-'Aas, and Mu'awiya ibn Abi Sufyan all agreed that a woman may put conditions in her marriage contract related to her lodging, place of residence, and not to have additional wives. Ibn Qudamah also confirmed this in al-Mughni, Vol. 9, pp. 483. 

A woman may include a clause in the marriage contract to be the only wife according to a good number of scholars. In other words, this is considered appropriate, albeit that there is a difference of opinions on the consequences of such a condition. For more information, you may refer to Islam Q&A 112000 (Arabic only). Generally speaking, Islam encourages marriage as in the hadith in Sahih Muslim 1400 c. 

The ruling in question derived from An-Nisa' 4: is corroborated by the hadiths that explain it and that narrate that those who had more than four wives were asked to keep only four. For example: The guidance of Islam is to get married: Another type of marriage was that a group of less than ten men would assemble and enter upon a woman, and all of them would have sexual relation with her. 

And test the orphans [in their abilities] until they reach marriageable age. Then if you perceive in them sound judgment, release their property to them. And do not consume it excessively and quickly, [anticipating] that they will grow up. And whoever, [when acting as guardian], is self-sufficient should refrain [from taking a fee]; and whoever is poor - let him take according to what is acceptable. Then when you release their property to them, bring witnesses upon them. And sufficient is Allah as Accountant. 

O You who have believed, when you marry believing women and then divorce them before you have touched them, then there is not for you any waiting period to count concerning them. So provide for them and give them a gracious release. 

And We will remove whatever is in their breasts of resentment, [so they will be] brothers, on thrones facing each other. In Qur'an 33:49, the word nikah is used to refer to marriage before consummation (i.e., only as a contractual marriage with explicitly no sexual relation): 

O you who have believed, fulfill [all] contracts. Lawful for you are the animals of grazing livestock except for that which is recited to you [in this Qur'an] - hunting not being permitted while you are in the state of ihram. Indeed, Allah ordains what He intends. 

In regards to spousal abuse changing the doctrinal position, the answer is no. Prior to entering Jannah, all potential causes of a future dispute will have been settled: 

It is clear from the verse above that the drivers are tranquility, affection, and mercy; in addition to establishing a family. The verse applies to both men and women alike. The Prophet ﷺ got married, and explicitly expressed that this was his guidance (See Sahih Muslim » The Book of Marriage » Hadith 1401). will not deprive the husband of his right to take additional wives, will not render the husband's future marriages unlawful, will allow the wife to exercise an annulment of the marriage contract at her own discretion which will be treated as any standard divorce (monetary compensation, custody, being able to remarry after iddah, etc.), will allow the wife to forfeit her right to exercise an annulment of the marriage contract and continue with her marriage as one of the wives of her husband. There is no defined time limit as to when she can exercise her rights if annulment of the marriage contract; this has to be dealt with on a case-by-case basis through a qualified mufti. It was narrated from Abu Musa that the Messenger of Allah said: “There is no marriage except with a guardian.” The general meaning of the words are used to derive a ruling, not the specificity of the reasons (see below for explanation). What you are asking about: