Follow the argument down to its logical closure: It is likely given the number of minor infraction for which, via this argument, would get you wounded or killed, that basically no one would want to live in such a world. The level of stress and fear would simply be too high. Following the proposed pattern, if no want wanted things this way, we would all just kill ourselves. Problem solved? No. This points up the fact that eliminating a problem is not solving it. Personally, this is a mode I can pursue, and have come close to it at certain points, for years at a time. It becomes a kind of endogenous depression without negative emotional content. One even physically slows down, without that slowness affecting one's effectiveness or ability to act in crisis. It is very strange. And it contradicts a lot of our cultural assumptions about emotion, comfort and effectiveness. A monster is one whose 'self' lacks 'art'. I am not OK with utilitarianism for other reasons, it encourages too much intelligence (therefore elitism and lawyering) and too little empathy (because 'missing' someone else's perspective 'accidentally' is rewarded by getting your own way.) So I will answer from a different context. I would claim that in order to be subject to moral scrutiny any actor should be able to process that logic, either intuitively or formally, and that those who cannot do so are beyond our ability to judge. No toddler is immoral. We must assume our imaginary actors are not insane in the moral sense -- that they can know right from wrong on a basic level and it matters to them. So yes, they have to be logical in a given sense. It is in fact so natural to so many of us that it is reasonable to follow that impulse into a moral system, via the Golden Rule, or its mostly-debugged rewrite, which is Kant's Categorical Imperative. What flies directly in the face of this notion of "There but for the grace of God, go I." is inherently wrong. In a Catholic interpretation you get forgiven by the Law, or by the Church (who inherits that power granted by Jesus from the Apostles), and not by your own doing at all. In a more Calvinist interpretation it is not your place to judge, it is God's, and you have to forgive others just because you have no power or incentive not to do so. Your attempt at power is chasing an illusion, and it is your arrogance in presuming his right, not your vindictiveness itself, that God will punish if you judge others. There are intermediate positions that feel like you are forgiven because you are forgiving, but they are not very stable logically. (I am not really a Christian any more. So I am judging this by criteria an insider might not apply.) Unless charity is in some way compulsory, it is just a competition to seem better than others seem. It is not a genuine reflection of compassion, or we would abandon our entire way of life and live as the equals of those who inhabit the margins of society, society would fall apart, and no one would be helped. When it is compulsory, it represents a civic value, when it is individual, it represents an affectation of self-defensive pretense. If a machine makes an error, and the passenger is not in a position to take responsibility for knowing what happened, we are left with a difficulty assigning blame. The contest of attempts to prove fault is vastly unfair, strangely it is so to either party, but in wholly different ways. I want to answer this both yes and no. Utilitarians are still moral realists. They have a moral value, and they consider it real. Likewise Kantians are moral realists, mutual respect for autonomy is a moral value they consider real. The relativism of different individual pictures of the world cannot address their moral arguments. They are based in a real theory of human nature (or the nature of all intelligent beings, including humans). There is also the fact that we live in a world that is organized by economics. For Nietzsche, the construction of the self is not a religious act, an obligation, or an act of submission to nature, as variously seen by 'moralities' -- it is an art form. In The Gay Science he says something to the order of 'One must make of one's Self a work of art, carving away something here, growing something there, repurposing some mass of unavoidable ugliness elsewhere to present a more pleasant view from the distance...' (I do not have a copy here, and I cannot find it online, if someone can give me the words...) Your better option is to assign the service of the needs of those who cannot contribute to some shared base, like the government, or the kind of cultural center that the Church used to be when the tithe could be mandated. Then individuals should focus on providing for tiers higher on the scale of needs, and pull people up into a higher position.