In His great, moving prayer in the garden before His betrayal, Christ pleaded with His Father concerning the Apostles, whom He loved, saying: 

A young man I grew up with was hit by a car and pushed through a brick wall. Both of his femurs were shattered, and the doctors said he'd never walk again. He received a priesthood blessing that he would heal, and today he walks as though nothing had happened. 

It wasn't a quick process, it took a while. The Church was not 'extinguished' with the loss of the Apostles, it 'dwindled' away, like a fire burning out without anyone left to tend it. 

What we have for footnotes in the standard works today is the result of many lifetimes worth of diligent scripture study, and thousands of hours work completed as part of a huge effort led by the apostles Thomas S. Monson, Boyd K. Packer, and Bruce R. McConkie, Bruce R. McConkie being a very prominent contributor, having established himself as a student of scripture. In addition to writing the chapter headings, the topical guide, and the bible dictionary, he also produced many of his own footnotes (In the OT alone he produced 600 footnotes that just reference text from the JST, and produced the "Selections from the Joseph Smith Translation" for the references that were too long for the footnotes.) 

It is not the trinitarian language, it is the language with which Christ commanded his disciples to go and baptize: Elder Groberg participated in giving the boy a priesthood blessing, and the boy was restored to his parents. 

Before a woman can be sealed to another man, the sealing to her fist husband must be broken. For this to be accomplished, the woman must begin the process by meeting with her bishop and explaining to him the circumstances for why she wishes to have her sealing broken. The bishop does not have authority to break a sealing, but can direct the woman and help her through the process. After a series of interviews these sorts of things eventually go all the way up to the first presidency of the church for review and approval. They determine whether or not the woman is justified in having her sealing to her first husband broken. One of the only circumstances for which a woman may have her sealing broken to a deceased husband is if she wishes to be sealed to a new husband. The Christianity which was established and grew during the Great Apostasy was a deadly trap laid by the Devil, designed to ironically keep those that desired to follow Christ away from His true Church. This is why the LDS church spends so much time doing missionary work with other Christian denominations, because we know the desire to serve Christ is in their hearts, they've heard the good news, and they want more than anything return to the Father in Heaven, but they are ignorant to the fact that they have damned themselves by uniting with a Church that does not hold Christ's authority to preform essential saving ordinances. They must accept God's living Prophets, and be baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, which is the only Church on earth today unto which Christ has given authority to minister to the world.