The tempo increasing into a new dance, new hope - recovery and healing - and yet another decline. You should watch - or maybe better read up on - Hitchcock's movies. Build up a sense of normal, dull life, then shatter it. The more standard, dull the image, the harder the blow hits, the stronger the effect. Of change and trauma and anticipation, foresight - Of course don't overdo it, don't just bore the reader, but setting up the pristine stage for a disaster is an essential step. Add some good foreshadowing and make it ring now and then in the dialogue with the reader realizing but the characters oblivious to it, and you are sending cold chills down the reader's spine. Triumph. Quiet, strong and sure - overcoming all tragedy. Drum beat. A tragic triad of notes on the trumpet. Unfinished. Interrupted by death. Michael was frozen in his seat. He could hardly think about what was occurring within him. Old world into new. "I was not responsible for Mahler. Or for his child. That was not my work at all." The coldness vanished, leaving him suspended in the auditorium, hardly aware of seats, orchestra, walls, ceiling. He could feel the sky beyond. In his left palm lay a pearly sphere. He closed his hand to conceal it. Mixed with a foreboding of disaster to come - a segue, connective tissue old to new "A daughter," she said. "His other daughter was incarcerated in a concentration camp during World War II," Kristine added softly, leaning to speak into his ear. Mahler's Tenth was leading the way, closing out the old world, describing the end of a long age (sixty million years! or just the end of European peace - or merely the tranquility of one man's life, blighted by the death pf a daughter… perhaps feeling what the second daughter would have to suffer in a new world gone twice mad) and expressing hope for a time beyond. Rich, anxious, neurotic, jumping with each tic and twitch of things going awry, trying to maintain decorum and probity in the midst of coming chaos. "He was dead then," Michael said. Do not aim at optimizing readability. Aim at expressing the character. Michael could move again. He glanced nervously at Kristine to see if she had noticed. The symphony was coming to a conclusion, and he felt his inner strength surge. A dull dialogue may be an immensely powerful literary tool if applied correctly. And then the trumpet, released somewhat from its harsh warning role, was allowed a small solo. The triad reoccurred on other instruments, in a major key and hopeful, not shattering, and then domesticity. "That's what Mahler wrote on the original score." On the stage, the largest drum - an eight-foot-wide monster - was assaulted by the drummer with one shattering beat. The last notes of the Tenth faded, and Crooke seemed to reappear on the podium, and the orchestra seemed to become real again. Or you can go the easier way. Reflect the music in the impressions of the characters - instead of writing about the music, write about their reactions. Tapping the rhythm, going into melancholy, getting annoyed, getting cheered up against their wishes, calming down, delving into reminiscences. That's the easy way, music being the background. Determining how much, and what information you pass through your sentences is a very important subliminal channel of information about the speaker, their character, current situation and mood. Let me add a lengthy quote from "The Serpent Mage" by Greg Bear, narrating the entirety of Mahler's Tenth Symphony. This is to give you a clue how deep in detail one can get, how you can convey a whole concerto piece through a written text.