At least let him know you heard him, and give him a real reason on why something is happening. If you can't think of a reason other than "because I said so" maybe it is a good time to evaluate if he really needs to be doing it. For all the reasons you've stated, I would never discourage my child, particularly a small one, from expressing the general concept of "NO!". I would just help them transition to a more verbally and socially competent approach by connecting with them and through role-modeling. If my child was the guest of honor, and I was the hostess, I would just say "No, it is so and so's birthday." You can say it to the cousins and avoid the mother if you want. Probably better to have this conversation in advance with the mother on the phone. "So, I know in the past we've let them help open presents, but it bothers me because.... Instead, could we _? (Or, I'd like to....)." "I know you don't want to sit in a car seat, and you need a car seat to be safe". edited because i shouldn't imply that all teachers label kids "It bugs me when you __ and I wish you would _ instead" Get a picture or toy of a bug (ladybug, etc) and a picture or toy of a wand. Role play (and practice, practice, practice) using the bug and wand holding each up in turn: Now, for when YOU need a break? You should go to your cool down space :) "I am feeling too tired, I'm going to go to my cool down spot and relax for a few minutes. Could you help me by playing with your toys in your room so I know you're safe?" Or something along those lines. You can work on not making it negative since it sounds like that's your goal. Positive discipline calls it a positive time out - invite the child to take some space to calm down. Beforehand, brainstorm with them what/ where would help them calm down. Is it coloring or reading or listening to a certain cd? Empower your child to learn self-regulatory behavior! Prompt them with "hey you seem pretty upset, I'm thinking your cool down spot would help calm you". Or whatever you call it. Soon they will recognize themselves when they need to go. You just need the "I'm wondering if some time to cool down would help before we talk about this?" as he gets older. Always ensure the child decides when he is ready to come out! It is not a punishment, it is for him to practice paying attention to his own emotional state! When he comes out, smile and ask him how he's feeling. Encourage self-reflection whenever possible. :) And, I still don't see what's wrong with not wanting to play with someone (everyone) but you could teach her more appropriate means of communicating her disinterest (ie "no thank you"). I think teaching little girls they can't say no is a problem in our mainstream culture, personally. Edited to clarify: when your child is older (preschool+), I don't send them to time-out, I am genuinely asking if their cool down spot would help. If they say no, then ask, "what would help you cool down?" Even just naming their feeling can help them feel felt and alleviate their distress right away. "You seem upset" , "You look angry", "I think you might be jealous" - and it helps build emotional literacy which is a key component of self-regulation. If you actually play with her you can get possibly get a better sense of what is going on. Use a 'teacher' voice, and move her away from whatever she's getting into. This could make sense when they're all toddlers, but even then I don't think I'd do it. I mean, they're already getting invited to a birthday party where presumably they are participating in the rest of the festivities. If this new ground-rule bothers them too much, they don't have to accept the invite (same with the rest of this family's issues you've mentioned before). Really, I think you need to talk with your husband about this one and decide together what your stance is and stick to it. A united front is always best, just like in parenting. "I'm sorry" "I didn't know" "I'll stop" "I'll do that instead" "Violence" towards a stuffed animal isn't necessarily a problem. Especially for this age. It is part of imaginative play, just like everything else. Hitting a person/animal is different. At 2 1/2, it is not cruelty or violence, they are still learning. When he hits, make a sad face just say "Ouch. That hurts me. Gentle touches." You can guide his hand in petting the animal or whatever nicely. Then just redirect.