-5 sounds like a nice balance between the "completely equal" -10 (which is a bit of a nuclear option) and the "pretty puny" -2 current option. If you're purely after efficiency, stop answering when you've hit the rep cap. The "effort per rep point" is much higher after that. Personally I'd encourage you to keep submitting quality answers anyway, simply because it's good for the site, but you did ask for efficiency... Having technical knowledge doesn't really mean that someone knows what's best for SO or has SO's best interests at heart - but we use it as a surrogate metric. It works pretty well most of the time, but it does make issues like this trickier to reason about. It's used as a measure of how much the community trusts you not to mess things up if you're given more privileges. That's just a surrogate metric though, basically because we have no other simple way of telling how much the community trusts a particular user. I do have one very specific concern: Rich B may be hit very hard by this, as he tends to stir things up and have inappropriate "punishment" downvotes cast against him, I believe... and he downvotes a lot too. (I may not always agree with his idea of what's downvote-worthy, but I suspect he always thinks before downvoting and doesn't do so for purely personal reasons.) In many ways it feels wrong to bring up a specific user, and I know Rich is controversial anyway, but I for one wouldn't want him to lose edit rights due to this. I'm not suggesting any special treatment here - just raising it as a concern. Definitely answering. Find questions you can answer that only have a few answers so far (or preferrably none) and answer them well. Take the time to polish your answer. Do so iteratively - start with a useful but bare-bones answer, then go through adding examples, links, extra notes etc. (Obviously they are belong to us already really, but this would just make it formal.) EDIT: Thinking about this more, I suspect that one of the problems is that rep is seen in multiple ways: Someone could be a complete git but still get reputation for giving correct answers. They could still be bad for the site (by generally being obnoxious and giving it a bad name on Twitter, for example) - that would discourage some people for voting for them, but probably not everyone. As you say, this is due to the discrepancy between the amount of rep lost for downvotes and gained for upvotes. I've never really understood this discrepancy - I would personally rather have downvotes make a difference of -10, possibly with a cost to the downvoter of -5 instead of -1. This may discourage more "frivolous" downvotes which don't achieve anything. Given that this water is already somewhat muddy, I don't think it really makes much sense to start splitting rep into two different types. Someone who contributes great questions is just as likely to be good for the site (and use extra powers wisely) as someone who contributes great answers, IMO. In fact, I'd say the average quality of question (in terms of style, precision etc) is lower than the average quality of answer - so I'd like to encourage good questions more, not less :) I'm not sure about the cost of -1. When I say "not sure" I really mean that - it's not that I think it's wrong, but I have very little idea of what will happen. When people see that their downvotes have more influence on rep but cost the same, will they downvote more to feel the power? Will they save downvotes for genuinely incorrect/unhelpful answers? I have no idea, and I suspect no-one else does either. It may be worth implementing it and saying that the voting cost is "under consideration" or something similar. (Everyone else seems to have been coming up with the same suggestion of -2, which seems reasonable to me.) I have a blog post about answering technical questions helpfully. It concentrates on adding value rather than gaining rep, but the one usually leads to the other - and it's just good for the world :) I guess I'd like to at least hear more discussion about why downvotes are so relatively powerless. On the reverse side, someone can be very good for the site, but rarely contribute in a way which gives them rep. This is harder to do before you get enough rep to edit questions, but that's the most obvious example. Okay, time to buck the accepted norms again: I think the FAQ is actually wrong - or at least it doesn't tell the whole story. Reputation is several things: Personally I reserve downvoting for answers which are incorrect or significantly misleading - and in those cases it seems crazy for a single upvote to counter 5 downvotes. Surely we should have a more serious form of discouragement for potentially harmful answers. (Or alternatively, you could think of it as encouragement to delete an answer which you posted in good faith but turned out to be inaccurate.) Just because someone is good technically (or knows everything to do with a particular game, if that's the topic of the site in question, for example) doesn't mean they have any sense of what's right for the community.