The interesting test will come if/when the future spouse to the heir is a same-sex marriage, if the heir has progency as a result of sperm donation or if the heir adopts a child. None of those would result in an eligible heir (since they aren't progency of Princess Sophia) but there would be overwhelming pressure to amend the law (again) to make them eligible. 

This is also considered a part of UK law, in relation to the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964, specifically article 2.5; 

As to the spouse of the legal heir to the throne (and anyone in the top six in line to the throne), that's dealt with in the original act and clarified in the Succession to the Crown Act 2013 which indicates that the spouse needs merely to have Her Majesty's consent to marry (or otherwise their offspring aren't eligible to the throne). 

(3) The effect of a person’s failure to comply with subsection (1) is that the person and the person’s descendants from the marriage are disqualified from succeeding to the Crown. 

If the UK had accepted Ecuador's request to make Mr Assange an officially accredited diplomat, he would been immediately entitled to protection under the Vienna Convention, to which the UK is a ratified signatory. Specifically he would have enjoyed Article 29 which explicitly forbids the arrest of a diplomat. 

The official way to hand in an online petition is through the petition portal of the UK parliament. The promise of a response for 10,000 signatures and being considered for debate at 100,000 signatures only applies to this medium. But: 

Because granting these privileges is within the authority of the EU. Either the EU commission can do it themselves or they can ratify it through the democratically legitimized parliament. They do not need to ask the European public for every single change to the union treaty. Even forming the union in the first place wasn't ratified through a referendum in most EU states. 

The reason PiS is considered dangerous is not because they have the absolute majority, it's what they are doing with it. In just the first three month of the legislative period, they: 

Poland currently does too much at once which worries the other EU states. 

This scenario assumes that the members of the party leadership are not at odds with each other. What if the party has multiple elected leaders and they don't agree? In that case either the party notices that the current party leadership can't work constructively and votes a new leadership of people who can, or single members of the leadership resign. The remaining leadership members would keep leading the party under the current name while those who resign would have the option to form a new party under a new name. 

Petitions to the UK parliament are handled by the petition committee which are members of the UK parliament. 

I don't want to claim that the motivation behind these measures is to build a totalitarian police-state but they are very obvious steps in that direction. 

*And no, using his power as head of church to change its rules might not have been a good idea. The last time an English monarch changed the state religion to accommodate their personal marriage plans, lots of people died 

As to whether the pre-planned arrest of an accredited diplomat has occurred on British soil, the answer is that such a thing hasn't occurred for several hundred years. The last case appears to have been in 1717 with the arrest of Karl (or Carl) Gyllenborg, the Swedish Ambassador. His papers and person were seized when it became clear that he was part of a conspiracy against the Crown and he was imprisoned for five months before he was permitted to leave the country. 

Instead, the UK exercised its rights (under the same article) and simply declared his appointment not acceptable. 

If the UK had accepted Ecuador's request to make Mr Assange an officially accredited diplomat, he would been immediately entitled to protection under the Vienna Convention, to which the UK is a ratified signatory. Specifically he would have enjoyed Article 29 which explicitly forbids the arrest of a diplomat. 

The interesting test will come if/when the future spouse to the heir is a same-sex marriage, if the heir has progency as a result of sperm donation or if the heir adopts a child. None of those would result in an eligible heir (since they aren't progency of Princess Sophia) but there would be overwhelming pressure to amend the law (again) to make them eligible. 

(The Salisbury Convention made it difficult for the Lords to directly block abolition of hereditary peers; but prior to the agreement on Lords reform they could, and did, delay and frustrate many other Acts of Parliament proposed by the Blair government.) 

Yes. In the absence of a clear manifesto commitment to a policy, it is harder for Labour to claim it has an electoral mandate to implement it. Most importantly, under the Salisbury Convention the Lords does not block legislation which would enact a manifesto commitment. 

The UK becoming a republic would raise some unique additional questions: 

Voters aged between 50 and 64 voted 40% Remain, 60% Leave in 2016, according to the best available polling data (which does not provide any further breakdown by age). 

However, the technical process of Brexit will require eight further Acts of Parliament, as set out in the Queen's Speech on 21 June 2017. In principle, any or all of these could be vetoed by the Queen. 

After the election on 8 June 2017, incumbent Prime Minister Theresa May remains in office until such time as she resigns (or, theoretically, is dismissed from office by the Queen).