Since marijuana is legal in Washington can the federal government still prosecute me? Yes. Washington's system of legalized marijuana does not preempt federal law. Presently Washington State residents involved in marijuana production /retailing could still be subject to prosecution if the federal government chooses to do so. 

The Constitution is a combination of directive, restrictive, and permissive statements. Directive uses some variant of phrasing including "Shall," while restrictive uses similar phrasing modified with a negative "no, not, etc.." The portion of this clause directing the President to obtain the Advice and Consent of the Senate, restricts the powers of the President while endowing the Senate with the permissive authority to provide Advice and Consent. There is not a directive declaration in the Constitution stating "the Senate shall provide Advice." 

Can the federal government confiscate my assets? Yes. Confiscation of assets is one of the enforcement tactics available to federal authorities. 

Part of it is most certainly about pandering to his base. 67% of Republicans believe too little is spent on defense. Though, there is room for universal appeal, where this could be an effort to unify the country, because 41% of individuals surveyed have a great deal of confidence in the military, while an additional 32% have quite a lot. 

Article 2, Section 2, Clause 2 doesn't require it. 

The Background Check that is usually performed for those granted access to classified material is replaced by candidacy and election process for the President. 

Housing: If you live in federally subsidized housing, any marijuana use or possession charges may mean that you lose your federal housing benefits. If you have questions, please contact the Colorado Division of Housing. 

There is one single Federal Definition of Domestic Terrorism, provided in Title 18, section 2331: 

Anecdote A Colorado marijuana user court case of interest: Coats V Dish Network 

Putting aside a violent overthrow of the government, since the impacts of such an event would go well beyond installing a simple theocracy, focus on the other two. They are inextricably linked, given the full weight of the requirements to amend the Constitution in accordance with Article V. 3/4 of the States would have to ratify any amendment. That means 3/4ths of the state legislatures would also need to be in [group] control. How large do you think [group] is, as a proportion of the populace? 

My guess, based on the collegiality of the court and it's love of consensus is that they would most likely do something like that if the issue were particularly contentious - but there is nothing that would require them to do so. It strikes me that the court could just as likely choose to honor a written opinion as a legacy to a justice who wrote it. 

Individuals could be easily confused, and legitimate buyers could be denied. 

Again, the real check on these rules is mostly the axiom that "turnabout is fair play." In the Senate, for example, Filibusters are controversial, in that they allow the minority party to stop the will of the majority. And, when overplayed, you will often hear about the nuclear option - the proposal to overturn the filibuster. But there is one thing that keeps it from being approved - the knowledge that eventually the majority party will be in the minority some day. And when that happens, they don't want to lose that power. 

In some instances, tax credits can result in you getting back more money than you spend. Famously, 47% of American taxpayers paid no federal tax. Indeed, with the Earned Income Tax Credit, many families will get back more than they paid causing them, as Planet Money says "to love Tax Day". Along with WIC, it is a major way to actually dole out "welfare." 

Prestige: As the above states, AGs and the like have their own personal prestige. As top public officers their actions are widely reported, so if they do not do the right thing their personal prestige will suffer from it. And that prestige is what will help the official to get one of those high level jobs stated above. 

So, for anyone worried, stop looking for "special solutions" and begin working in the regular solutions (raising public awareness, public speech -including peaceful protests-, etc.) 

2Unless someone planned to show at the poll station with a "Mickey Mouse" ID. 

In a busy precint, removing one of each ten means that, while the first person affected is still trying to solve it/argue with election officials, the next one who has been deleted will arrive and join in... in few time you will have an actual crowd of angry people at most of the precincts, getting nationwide attention. If you are doing something criminal, usually you do not want to attract nationwide attention1. 

As a way of already stablished candidates (Reps and Dems) to get a "second brand" that caters to people too extreme for the mainstream parties. 

Only countries and some international organizations can be parties to international law and treaties, so formally only secession could make California a formal signatory of the Paris Agreement.