Are there any documents maintained by the Roman Catholic Church that provide the original (ie, by the councils themselves) commentary on the declarations of the Council of Trent? Is there any historical evidence that Gnosticism disappeared because Gnostics converted to Christianity? If not, what more recent writings, sanctioned or verified by the Roman Catholic Church, comment on the declarations of the Council of Trent? In his article "Mysticism in the Early Church, in The American Journal of Theology, Aurther C McGiffert says, While the following passage in Justin Martyr's Dialogue with Typho the Jew doesn't mention consolation, it does establish that by the second century, some people were teaching that the deceased go straight to Heaven. It also suggests that at that time, the teaching was considered heterodoxical. The strength of Justin's language may actually be surprising to most Christians, since he refers to the doctrine as "blasphemous, atheistical, and foolish" and warns his audience that people who teach such things should not be thought of as Christians. 9 When the elder takes hold of each of them who are to receive baptism, he shall tell each of them to renounce, saying, "I renounce you Satan, all your service, and all your works." 10 After he has said this, he shall anoint each with the Oil of Exorcism, saying, "Let every evil spirit depart from you." 11 Then, after these things, the bishop passes each of them on nude to the elder who stands at the water. They shall stand in the water naked. A deacon, likewise, will go down with them into the water. (Hippolytus. "Apostolic Traditions" of Hippolytus, 21:1-11. Translated by Edgecomb, Kevin P. Derived from Bernard Botte (La Tradition Apostolique. Sources Chretiennes, 11 bis. Paris, Editions du Cerf, 1984) and of Gregory Dix (The Treatise on the Apostolic Tradition of St. Hippolytus of Rome, Bishop and Martyr. London: Alban Press, 1992) From A Dictionary of Christian Antiquities p 160 ed W Smith & S Cheetam (1875) My understanding from seminary was that, for modesty, women were baptised in darkness. Eventually, for the same reason, the practice fell out of favor. Are there any documents maintained by the Roman Catholic Church that provide the original (ie, by the councils themselves) commentary on the declarations of the Council of Trent? Is there any historical evidence that Gnosticism disappeared because Gnostics converted to Christianity? While the following passage in Justin Martyr's Dialogue with Typho the Jew doesn't mention consolation, it does establish that by the second century, some people were teaching that the deceased go straight to Heaven. It also suggests that at that time, the teaching was considered heterodoxical. The strength of Justin's language may actually be surprising to most Christians, since he refers to the doctrine as "blasphemous, atheistical, and foolish" and warns his audience that people who teach such things should not be thought of as Christians. If not, what more recent writings, sanctioned or verified by the Roman Catholic Church, comment on the declarations of the Council of Trent? In his article "Mysticism in the Early Church, in The American Journal of Theology, Aurther C McGiffert says,