Total users with reputation > 4000 

So even if we wanted to do this, we don't have the information. 

As I'm sure you all know, downvotes "cost" 1 reputation. That is, every time you downvote: 

The data certainly doesn't agree. 

I've got a crazy idea: rather than just making stuff up, let's look at the data! 

The brick I am looking at is the Terabyte: 

Ask in public. Do your homework. Be specific. Make it relevant to others. Let us know if you’ve found a bug. Stay on-topic. Stay calm. Listen, even when it’s not what you wanted to hear. I think the only one that isn't relevant (except on meta) is #5 and possibly #7. 

Edit by Jon: Jeff sent me the source data, so here are the upvote/downvote ratio graphs I asked for. The high peaks are artifacts due to low traffic volumes/insufficient data (there were zero question downvotes on SF on a few days). 

The background badge grant process just returns: 

Completed, selection made public, and payment confirmed with the Museum: Our Brick in the Computer History Museum Wall. Now we wait for October to see it live! 

Since there were requests for per-post averages, here you go -- the second number excludes community wiki questions and answers. 

Almost 4× as much reputation has been generated by answers, so I take issue with your statement 

(Also: downvotes are still quite rare on Stack Overflow, so I'd say about 90% of the time, when you see a score, it is pure upvotes.) 

It's possibly something we could do on demand (as @hmemcpy notes), but as an "always displayed" it is a non-starter. 

Now, when I said "increase voting", I meant in both directions, up and down. I feel downvoting on questions is particularly useful to distinguish a well-written, researched, clear and useful question from .. well, a question that is none of those things. 

These tweaks appear to be working. We're seeing good initial results; here's a graph of question votes (just question votes) across SO, SU, and SF over the last 60 days. 

It's for a noble cause -- the CHM is one of my favorite places on the planet, and the money is a non-profit donation in support of their effort to record the history of the computer. 

edit: they have a simple link sharing method now, but it's only for whitelisted providers. We are whitelisted for the time being. 

We've been tweaking a few things to increase overall voting, particularly on questions -- read all about it on the blog entry Vote For This Question or The Kitten Gets It. 

The total vote count (score) is denormalized, but the individual up/down vote counts are not. 

Here's what we have in the substitution table 

By on topic, I mean the 404 image on Stack Overflow should be a programmery "not found" of some kind, and the Super User one should be a power user's "not found", and so forth. 

This is done to make sure downvotes are cast only when you feel strongly that something is incorrect / wrong / dangerous / of low quality. 

http://twitter.com/codinghorror/status/1165936105 

(for question and answer votes together, see these graphs.) 

There is no such method at this time, but I have been in contact with Google about this matter, and they are aware of our request. 

I'm having trouble coming up with anything. Any good suggestions? Post them as answers! 

The moderators have a menu to remove / refund the bounty, so this is no longer an issue. Flag such things for moderator attention as the moderators have all the tools necessary to deal with this now. 

EDIT: good ol' waffles checked in a change that allows us to store the post with the badge award, so this is now complete. 

This text appears at the top of the page with revision highlights on the relevant bits of text. The rest of the 404 page was not changed (for the purposes of this answer, I did clean up some display issues). 

That is, downvoting a question -- and only a question -- would now be 

I'm thinking stackoverflow.com llc / inc should buy a brick in the Computer History Museum Wall. 

As a technical addendum -- we do not store which question or answer triggered the badge anywhere. (because it was never part of the design).