But again, the main difference is that in the UK, people use "manager" and in the rest of Europe, people prefer "(head) coach". Here are the demonstrative examples from official websites of some biggest clubs: Average attendance is higher (stats as of 2015/16 season): Higher salaries: (as of 2014) And finally, probably because France is a bigger player in European and World football as a winner of World Cup and two-time champion of European Championship whereas the others in question winning only European Championship once. (Although, national team strength does not necessarily imply the strength of its league, at some degree it can be the judging factor why French Ligue 1 is in the top Eureopean Five). Besides that, the only practical scenario when being in top 5 actually matters is when deciding the winner of prestigious Golden Shoe award: Counterexample Before going deep in details I would like to give a demonstrative counter-example from the goal scored in UEFA Euro 2012 qualifiers match Azerbaijan 1 - 0 Turkey, where 2 players jump over the ball and leave the shot for the third player. This specific type of corner kick set play is very famous in Azerbaijan and is called "5 qəpik" (5 cents). The amazing thing was that Martin Palermo missed 3 penalties in this game and Colombia won 3-0 (one of them was penalty). From what I recall the most penalties in one international game I saw was 5 penalties on the 4th of July, 1999. The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F 4 missed penalties and another successful one. Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there) The ranking of each team in each group will be determined as follows: World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. It was on Argentina-Colombia match during Copa America. A specific answers to your questions: b) goal difference in all group matches; d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video Source: FIFA laws of the games Today FIFA approved using Goal-line technology in soccer! c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches. FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. The long answer is that the term "manager" is frequently used in the UK to distinguish between a "normal coach" and a "a coach who also has responsibilities of a sporting director (director of football)" - a "manager". In continental Europe, however, the terms "(head) coach" or "trainer" are more prevalent, and in addition, many clubs have explicit sporting director positions. This TheGuardian post also mentions Chapman being the one who practiced counterattacking style of play in the clubs he managed: As you can see from La Liga website, there are no cup matches in March. And generally, cup matches never clash with La Liga matches, and the only instance when La Liga games are rescheduled due to clashes with other tournaments is in December if a La Liga team plays in Club World Cup, in which neither Barcelona nor Athletic Club participate this season. *Note that only the games starting from the group stages were taken into account.