So, the reader is likely to not expect the sequel to be so different from the previous and end up disappointed. And with that, I lose opportunities to create more sequels with these things that got removed. 

Movies (usually Americans) that are set in another country, always have one or some characters who speaks English, softening the impact that the foreign language causes, however the fiction I'm writing is quite long, and I think that just 2 or 3 characters, at the most, who speaks the protagonist language throughout the whole story is quite inadequate. 

As far as I know, and based on what happens in the market I study and what its audience says, a sequel is, generally, similar to the previous work, being kind of a "The New Adventures of X", keeping the world/universe, feeling and atmosphere, but putting the same characters (or most of them) in new events, and such audience like it that way, because that way they can have again the experience they had in the previous work but now with a new story with the characters they love and some new things, very usually keeping the status quo. 

Isaac Asimov has the laws of robotics, and, although not exactly a theory, I don't know if he did anything official besides just publishing his story that uses it, but everyone knows that those three laws are Asimov's. 

I have a story I'm writing which envisions some sequels. However, although the timeline and world are the same, such sequels are so different from each other that I feel I'm causing too many deep permanent changes in the stories. 

However, in my story, if there is a very special and rare race, it's sure that they will be extincted; if there is a bloodline that inherits a powerful ability, it's sure that such line will be broken; if there is a group of very likeable characters, it's sure that the protagonist will be unable to be with them again; if the protagonist goes to the future, it's sure he can't return; if there's a powerful artifact, it's sure that it will be destroyed; if the protagonist has special powers, it's sure he will lose them, etc. Now I ask: is a single story, having 5 deep subjects, "too crowded" or "too unfocused"? If yes, is it that bad? Because if I remove his romance, there wouldn't be a reason for the public to care for his wife; if I remove his life, the setting would be shallow; if I remove his depression symbolism, it would be a great opportunity lost and would yank a very good big content from the story; if I remove his wishes, the story would end just after he loses his wife. 

The story I'm writing have its epicness and drama, but I also want it to be funny, with jokes, puns, etc., made by a character (mostly) or the narrator himself; funny situations, and so on. 

Should I be more careful with the status quo of my stories? Am I right? Should I limit to one or two funny scenes, or decrease the level of "funnyty", like slight jokes? Or is it possible to a story to be epic/dramatic and funny at the same time? 

But I fear that the plot would be ruined by such comicalness, kind of breaking the immersion or emotion, or making the readers to start to expect every scene to be humorous and not take them seriously.