I would think no, they should not. I have seen people make the most surprising changes over time. Don't doubt the ability of people to actually get better. That someone has been banned once is by no means reason (in my mind) to prevent them from ever being a mod. 

Removing the ability to indicate to readers that a post is of very low quality, actively harmful, not a working solution, a poor quality question, etc., harms the site's quality. As for answering, part of that comes down to just getting some experience. You need to get used to what the community values in answers, what it really dislikes in answers, etc. This takes both time and experience. You'll have answers that seem good to you but that others don't like. Sometimes it's just because your answer isn't clear, is too long, is too short, isn't formatted well, or it could be that the community generally doesn't like the content of the answer. That's amazing and exactly what you should be doing. We don't want people to be posting questions because they spent 30 seconds trying to figure something out and couldn't. We want to have really hard questions that will be interesting to experts, useful to others, and that won't be the same 10 questions asked day after day. 

Some users will give up and not ask the question at all, since they cannot get past the filter on their own. Is this desirable? Are we assuming that these questions are of such low quality that they're better off being lost entirely? Do we really want these questions to just not be asked if they can't meet the filter, or is this case an unfortunate side effect of adding the filter? 

A question like this is perfectly capable of creating useful content that can be found by others later (via searches) and thus is a positive contribution to the site. There is nothing wrong with it. 

Someone also took the time to post a comment saying that the technical behavior you are trying to achieve is something that you probably shouldn't be taking the time to support, because it is antiquated. The comment was in no way saying that you aren't allowed to ask about it (if you do so properly).