EDIT: I found it! The great Syme himself penned the memorable suggestion that had Pompey won he would have been killed at the foot of his own statue by honourable men. 

Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no. There are also various continuities between Muscovite Russia, Peter's Empire, the Soviet Union, Yeltsinite Russia and Putin's Russia but they are really not all the same thing. 

Having said that, I must say that some scholars do espouse the view that you suggested - that Pompey can be viewed as the first princeps. Not being a professional, I don't have a ready reference for that right now, but some googling led me to a corroboration of this statement (p. 240 there): 

The Church was later to tap with great success into this potential for religious yearning and transformation. 

Having said that, I must point out that the Empire did not embark upon new conquests after Augustus, with a few important but singular exceptions (Britain, Dacia, and the repeated attempts to quash Parthia). Under the Antonines a very self-conscious Roman Peace held which meant a purely defensive grand strategy. 

Or was he afraid of getting saddled with a veto-wielding conservative colleague in the consulship? 

I wonder, though, why he did not try to get elected as consul (very likely given his family connections and personal distinction) and to enact his reforms then. This would have taken more time but wouldn't it have a better prima facie chance of working out? 

There are also a few references to Clodius's gang in Cicero's own speeches, catalogued here. 

Are there ancient or modern sources discussing this angle? 

Great question - but it is actually a complicated subject. The polytheistic society of the Roman Empire was, so to say, in active search for "the meaning of life" for which the standard pagan cults were not sufficient. This led to philosophical/intellectual movements like Neoplatonism which while not explicitly rejecting paganism and the Olympic gods more or less supplanted them by a notion of a Supreme Being. And this was just one movement among many (others have mentioned Epicureanism, for instance), coming as they always do in higbrow, middlebrow and lowbrow versions (the later Neoplatonism became heavily involved with "magic" and astrology). 

Or, perhaps I am wrong, and it was a Late Roman custom after all to appoint children to the position of consul? 

In the ancient world almost all states were, so to say, opportunistically expansionist. That is to say, almost no ruler or state ever passed an opportunity to take over the lands of a weak neighbour, either by direct force or by some form of intimidation. In that sense, Rome was not exceptionally aggressive - it was just the most successful. 

Pompey never attained the supreme power that Caesar (briefly, before he was murdered, did). Although he at times (such as when he was fighting the pirates or when he was consul sine collegio in the late 50s BCE) had great imperium, he was always either reluctant or unable to arrogate to himself the fount of this power. Therefore, he was always either a member of a power-sharing arrangement or the champion of the conservative/reactionary party. So he can't be really counted as a ruler. 

Perhaps someone can look it up... 

Basically, they petered out and were replaced by new families who in some instances gratuitously grafted old illustrious names to theirs. This process took place a number of times. 

And finally, modern surnames have practically nothing to do with all this. 

Good question; have little time now for more than a couple of thoughts: