My limited experience is with chopping up bikes to make prototypes, and they seem to survive that better than I expected. Skim the "I built it" section of my site and you'll see a few hacked-about-with bikes. http://moz.geek.nz/mozbike/ and specifically the "Bin Bike prototype" which was a BMX with extras, including a rack largely made of 10mm reinforcing rod. 

It depends a lot on the fine print of the bike, and how good you are at guessing where forces will go. Broadly, if you make a solid structure and mount it properly the bike will usually be fine, but most parts of a bike are not designed for forces in new directions. 

The derailleur wheel is dished it's not as strong, as Rohloff discuss here and this Rohloff fan page might help :). 

What we have been seeing for a while is "electric trail bikes" sold as "electric mountain bike", with the huge benefit over a petrol "trail bike" is that the former doesn't need registration and can often be ridden in areas where motor vehicles are banned. This is also why they're controversial with many MTB people, as they allow silent, very fast, and unexpectedly heavy bikes to use MTB tracks. 

My experience is with load bikes rather than people who are loads, but the principle is the same. A tandem rated wheel is your best bet, and possibly a heavier frame. Unfortunately most Dutch bikes are built for tall Dutch people who are generally not that heavy. 370 pounds is about 170kg, which is heavy. Pacific Island rugby player heavy. 

Normally I wouldn't spit on a gasless MIG, but for you it might be the least worst option if you get the chance to try one in civilisation on day (FFS don't mail order one sight unseen). Maintaining the flux cored wire is not much more hassle than keeping welding rods dry, but you can weld thinner tubing more easily. Or you just just decide to burn 10 or 20 rods getting the hang of thin wall tubing (or just design so you don't need to weld it very much). Running a bead along something solid so you're just barely melting into the thin tube might be the least awful solution. You can't easily join two thin tubes, but you can still do a lot. Or maybe "pre-set your filler" rod by tying non-galvanised wire along the join before you weld, to bulk it up a bit. I haven't done that with stick, but I do it occasionally with TIG with I have something really tricky to weld (a sudden transition from 6mm dropout to 0.6mm tubing, for example) 

(italics mine) Which incidentally means you should be able to get a complete refund for your current wheel if they can't fix it. 

What I would do is another custom wheel for your current bike, but with everything focussed on the weight. You can get hubs that are rated to a lot of weight, and Rohloff for example rate their hubs for tandem use even with only 32 spokes. But you should try for more spokes, I think, like the DT Swiss 540 Tandem with 36 or 40 spokes, or if your bike will take it the Halo Dozen with 12mm axle. Pair that with a heavy eyeletted rim like the Velocity Chukker or Mavic 719 and get it put together by someone who builds a lot of wheels. 

My feeling is that you can spend a lot of time and money trying to avoid just paying for something that will work. 

Generally muffler tube is 1.6mm or more and mild steel, where even cheap bikes are 0.9mm or thinner and a harder alloy. If you're confident stick welding muffler pipe you can probably weld the thicker parts of a cheap bike, and if you can somehow magic up some really thin rods it'll be much easier. You want to be down around 30 amps for much of the welding, and most transformer stick welders struggle to maintain an arc at that sort of current. Modern switch mode ones work better, even without HF start, because they can up the voltage to keep the arc active and drop it back when the arc starts, on a millisecond-to-millisecond basis. You can't do that by hand :) If you can get gas a TIG kit for a switch mode welder might be worthwhile, but I suspect you might struggle to do that based on your comments. 

There are two differences between those and power assisted bicycles though. Bicycles in most countries are limited to 200W or 250W, where trail bikes are usually 1kW or more. The second is the key "assist" word. The bicycle can be ridden without power assistance, the motorbike can't be. That makes the difference between an "electric mountain bike" and a power assisted bicycle pretty simple - if it's under 250W and you can ride without the motor, it's a bicycle. 

When we had this problem with a customer at the bike shop I worked at we first re-tensioned their existing wheel, but it broke more spokes the same day he got the bike back. Luckily he came back, because we were at least the third bike shop he'd been to, and even though I said "look, this probably won't work but I think it's worth trying" I wouldn't have been surprised to have him disappear. So we put together the heaviest duty rear wheel we could find, a downhill MTB hub we had in the shop with a 36 hole Chukker and somewhat oversize spokes (3mm straight gauge instead of butted just so it looked stronger). When I built it I took extra time to get it exactly right, and ran over it again after a test ride. He rang a few months later to say he hadn't had any more problems and just wanted to tell us.