In challenge, Boso refers to the language of Matthew 6:12 ("forgive us our debts"), and wonders why man must simply forgive without repayment, but God cannot. Anselm responds: 

He then connects each animal, and its christological association, to the emphases of the gospel writers: 

Carthage was a Roman city at the time, so Latin would have been Tertullian's native language. As a result, it's not surprising that he would write in that language, not just for his own comfort but also to reach an audience that did not speak Greek. 

Bruce Metzger interacts with the authority alleged in the title of the work: 

That said, scholars don't cast significant doubt on Bede's timeline: that by the 8th century, Christian celebrations of the resurrection were associated with a forerunner of the word Easter. 

* Note that I'm defining "inerrancy" broadly, so that it includes both Evangelical and Catholic understandings of the doctrine. 

I am aware that William Carey's efforts to form a missions society and travel overseas as a missionary were opposed by some of his Calvinist (or hyper-Calvinist) Baptist peers. 

The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) 

I've seen a few examples online of people claiming that John Wesley objected to the "hell" clauses of the Athanasian Creed, such as on the United Methodist Church website: 

A recent answer on this site says that "People have always prayed to Mary as a chief intercessor on their behalf." Such a statement will surely seem excessive to Protestants, who would normally characterize the idea of Mary interceding for the living as a (negative) development that took place centuries after Christ. 

It's from Jerome's Commentary on Galatians, 6:10: 

This is still seen as the likely cause of its rejection by some today: 

Hope of individual salvation For King, the hope of this individual salvation was not physical resurrection, as taught in the historical church and among the fundamentalists of his day. Indeed, he rejected the idea of a physical return of Christ, a day of judgment, and the physical immortality of believers. Instead, he expected an immortal "spiritual existence" of some kind, and described the future kingdom of God as follows: