You can see: Ian Hacking, The Social Construction of What ?, Harvard UP (1999). [page 3] Another property of matter is impenetrability, which is so characteristic of bodies that many philosophers have not hesitated to make it, together with extension, the essence of body. Indeed, no thing that has extension but lacks impenetrability can be considered a body. Trivially, newtonian mechanics assume the existence of the planet, of an attractive force called gravitation, and so on. The same for relativity or biology. 2nd premise) Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought) Here perspective in seeing and knowing means : "to take into account" the point of view of the subject seeing and knowing, that means : emotions, values, prejudices,... 1st premise : No body can have a force contrary to inertia. [1013b29] [...] But besides all these varieties of causes, [...] some are called causes as being able to act, others as acting, e.g. the cause of the house’s being built is the builder, or the builder when building. [page 6] However, even though the force of inertia completely excludes all other forces, for the matter at hand I will not assume anything except that two forces diametrically opposed to each other are not able to exist in the same entity. Therefore, since each body is endowed with the force of conservation of state, a contrary force — namely, the force of continual change of state —, cannot be admitted to exist in any body. If we assume the existence of points in the absolute space, they have no intrinsic properties that can differentiate them from one another: we cannot "measure" them against the Absolute Space because they are the absolute space (we cannot measure our height comparing us with ourself...). Long explanation (by Carnap himself) The whole point is clearly stated by Carnap in his paper on the "Elimination of metaphysics through logical analysis of language" (1932), esp. §7 "Metaphysics as expression of an attitude towards life": Or, as Gottfried Gabriel once put it: The first theorem proves that all consistent axiomatic formulations of number theory which include Peano arithmetic (or stronger) include undecidable propositions. That's not the case. You are somehow mixing together the first and the second incompleteness theorem and drawing a misleading conclusion. Briefly put: Our conjecture that metaphysics is a substitute, albeit an inadequate one, for art, seems to be further confirmed by the fact that the metaphysician who perhaps had artistic talent to the highest degree, viz. Nietzsche, almost entirely avoided the error of that confusion. A large part of his work has predominantly empirical content. We find there, for instance, historical analyses of specific artistic phenomena, or an historical-psychological analysis of morals. In the work, however, in which he expresses most strongly that which others express through metaphysics or ethics, in Thus Spake Zarathustra, he does not choose the misleading theoretical form, but openly the form of art, of poetry. The way your source puts it, is very misleading. Logical empiricists had nothing against "metaphysical poetry". This seems to be a recurring misunderstanding. Indeed, according to logical empiricists, poetry is one of the best suited media to express "mystical longings". Entity: I am aware of no special usage of this term. As far as I know, an entity, a being, a thing, an object, etc. are all used more or less interchangeably, with the exception that "being" (and possibly "entity", depending on author) might be reserved for living things. The point here turns on whether you take modality as a primitive, or attempt to analyze it. There have been many attempts to analyze modality, but Phil Bricker's "Reducing Possible Worlds to Language" has convinced many (most?) that it is not possible to reduce modality in an actualist-friendly way. The problem is that a language that countenances only what is actual--- and tries to account for the possible in terms of these things ---will find itself unable to distinguish between certain "alien possibilities". These are possibilities containing individuals and/or properties which are merely possible and indistinguishable in actualist terms. I fear I haven't fully addressed your concerns about possible/feasible explanations, but I have to admit I don't fully understand what you're asking. If you would like more information, try to clarify your concerns in a comment and I'll update my answer.