After 1801, we enter the "late modern" period... 

Witch hunts were by no means unknown in the Middle Ages. However, the growth of the Inquisition from the 13th century (initially in response to Catharism), and the development of the Reformation from the 14th century onward meant that religious crimes and heresy were being dealt with increasingly harshly. 

Personally, I'd suggest that judged against that company, Richard comes out of the comparison relatively well. His one important failing was to produce a legitimate heir. 

He was also noted for his piety, reported to be generous, and the evidence suggests that he was also merciful. We've seen evidence of this mercy in his treatment of William Marshal, but we also see it in how he dealt with his brother John after his treachery. Oh, and, according to the chronicles, he also apparently loved poetry and music (he supposedly wrote a poem called “No man who is imprisoned” which still survives). 

The author further describes some unsuccessful attempts to determine the chemical composition of the inks. 

More generally, there were a lot of people who could be described as "Scottish" living in England in the late 13th century - particularly in the North of England. Nobles often owned land on both sides of the border. As this PhD thesis states (p20), when war broke out in 1296, it demanded a declaration of allegiance, and 

For example, it is often claimed that prior rainfall diminished the effectiveness of the French cavalry at both the battles of Crecy and Agincourt. While this is undoubtedly true at Agincourt, where the rain turned the silty soil into a quagmire, the case is much less clear for the better-drained soils surrounding Crécy. Indeed, accounts of the battles make it clear that, while French cavalry charges became bogged-down in the mud at Agincourt, they were not similarly impeded at Crécy. 

Within weeks, John was once again at war with his barons ... 

If you are in the UK, but not in London, similar opportunities are available nationwide through the new CITiZAN (Coastal and Intertidal Zone Archaeological Network) Programme. 

Kieckhefer, Richard: Magic in the Middle Ages, Cambridge University Press, 2000 

So "medieval" means AD410 - 1485 (or perhaps AD410 - 1540, or some other, similar date range, depending on definitions and personal tastes). 

It is difficult to say exactly how much was lost. We have some sources that enable us to say what manuscripts were held by some monasteries, for example the library at Peterborough, or that at Syon Abbey. 

John contracted dysentery after relieving the rebel siege of Lincoln and died on 19 October 1216. Fortunately, he had entrusted his nine year-old son Henry to the care of William Marshal who had remained loyal to the king (despite his having humiliated William at court some years earlier). It was William Marshal who arranged for John's funeral and the coronation of Henry III. 

In reality, of course, it is meaningless to talk about the effect of the weather on a battle without considering the topography and underlying geology of the area. 

That's a really good question. As far as I know, there isn't yet a definitive answer, although I haven't kept fully up to date with the subject in recent years.. 

It was during the campaign of 1189 that William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke ("the greatest Knight in Christendom"), defeated Richard in combat while covering Henry II's flight from Le Mans. After Henry's death, when Richard was king, he would welcome William Marshal back to court. This is instructive, and tells us a lot about Richard. 

In cases like these, it would be usual to say something like "late medieval / early post-medieval" or "late Georgian / early Victorian" based on the archaeological contexts in which the pottery had been found (and in the absence of other information that allows more precise dating). 

We know that Richard was a warrior who genuinely loved to fight. Perhaps more importantly, he was also very good at it. He was an excellent general and he was courageous, frequently defeating much larger forces with relatively small bands of knights. He shared the hardships of his troops on campaign and led from the front in battle. But he lived in a time and place, in which these were all considered to be desirable qualities in a king.