After teaching for ten years (including in a specialized school for kids with emotional and behavioral challenges), I've concluded that some kids are only intrinsically motivated. These kids also like to be in control of their own destinies (don't you like to be in control of yourself?) Recent research has confirmed that for many kids rewards AND punishments are not really the motivators many parents believe them to be. The methods used for teaching and disciplining these kinds of kids, convieniently work really well with other kids too and teach all kids life skills about self control, problem solving and decision making that are important to their well being. 

With small teacher/child ratios, preschool teachers are generally pretty able to get to know their kids pretty well. Build a rapport with your child's teacher as soon as you know who that will be, ask questions and be interested, but also know they are there to help your child and will be aware that he is new to the community. They'll help guide him through challenges in those first days and alert you to any problems if they crop up. You've chosen this school for good reasons and I'm sure you've done due diligence to be sure it will be a warm, welcoming and appropriate environment for your child. Relax in knowing that even if he has none of the skills I listed in the first two sections - he'll get there and not only will he have your help in doing so, but also a host of educators from the school as well. 

Would the presence of the child be good for you as a parent? In this special case: is the child's presence something that gives you strengt and joy and reminds you of the continuity of your family line even at a time of loss, or would it be a stress factor, distract you from grieving and just be too much for you at that moment? 

After TV time, the brain will be exhausted (and somewhat "neurally scrambeled" due to the amount of impressions that couldn't be "stored" or absorbed properly) but still in "rapid input mode", while the body will likely be craving exercise. And in my experience that's a recipe for disaster. The pent-up energy has to go somewhere while mental control mechanisms are down due to tiredness. And this combined equals a child in "overdrive" with a really bad mood - or bickering, grumpy brats. 

And yes, this means getting your hands (and feet, face, clothes ...) dirty from time to time. That's why we have play clothes and water & soap for afterwards. 

The question of how to connect religious beliefs and teachings and scientific observation and the consequences thereof has been a subject of discussion from Galilei over Keppler to the leading figures of quantum physics and atomic theory (Heisenberg, Einstein, Bohr,...) the ethical implications of their work even more important with regard to WWII, Nazi Germany and Hiroshima. 

Why is she having to race to a bag of toys to get "the best one?" in the first place? If she is just having this problem at parties then it really isn't a problem. She just doesn't like these kinds of games. Make sure to play OTHER less competitive types of games at her own party. she can choose to participate at other parties or not. 

With small teacher/child ratios, preschool teachers are generally pretty able to get to know their kids pretty well. Build a rapport with your child's teacher as soon as you know who that will be, ask questions and be interested, but also know they are there to help your child and will be aware that he is new to the community. They'll help guide him through challenges in those first days and alert you to any problems if they crop up. You've chosen this school for good reasons and I'm sure you've done due diligence to be sure it will be a warm, welcoming and appropriate environment for your child. Relax in knowing that even if he has none of the skills I listed in the first two sections - he'll get there and not only will he have your help in doing so, but also a host of educators from the school as well.