Here, I think we will need to distinguish between the Daodejing and the Zhuangzi in their general approaches. The Daodejing separates mere man from the sages (a term also use by Mencius / Mengzi / 孟子) and highlights how the sage will have better contact with the Dao. The Zhuangzi at several points highlights a rejection of traditional expectations for humanity -- arguing that these are out of contact with the Dao. Here's a few classical passages from Zhuangzi that hint at Daoist ideas of the specifically human: There's several different dimensions on which we can trace Heidegger's beliefs about Greek and German being the only languages for philosophy. "Webbed Toes" "The Deformed Object Shu" From "The Full Understanding of Life" I am having some trouble finding the exact reference but there's also a passage about a guy whose body is falling apart. His friends think something terrible is happening to him but he thinks it's fine because this is Dao. So then the question would be why does Heidegger believe philosophy can only be done in Greek and German? (or perhaps why do I think the causal arrow for Heidegger goes Germany is great → join Nazis and not the other way around). This is actually quite an interesting question. This is going to be an incomplete answer that addresses in part why there are not many general philosophy textbooks (as in books written by a single author or a few authors that explain all of philosophy). I don't think it greatly influenced Heidegger, but Hegel also thought philosophy started with the Greeks and that the Romans interrupted with codification and other things. It's quite possible this was a common thought taught in German classical education. During recent years, there's been some pushback at distinguishing the texts of ancient Chinese philosophy by school. Instead, it is now commonly believed that separating them into schools arose later as sides were taken and Confucianism (or perhaps better Ruism 儒教) became a form of state orthodoxy. Thus, in contemporary discussions, Taoism　道家 or 道教 is associated with the Daodejing 道徳経 and the Zhuangzi　荘子 (and many texts at later points in its history). It's worth mentioning that Heidegger was a Nazi and based on writings that we've found one who was pretty committed to at least some of their theses. But I don't think this means his preference for Germany and Greece arose because he was a Nazi. Instead, I think the more likely case is that he joined up with the Nazis because he already thought for his own reasons that German language / culture was superior. While joining the Nazis provided him with near instantaneous benefits (being a rector, etc), the relationship between him and a lot of what they thought seems to be a matter of debate (I'm not saying here he's not a Nazi nor that his views deserve a pass -- just that we can't attribute every nazi view to Heidegger -- even if we can say he deserves guilt and blame for being in their party and the atrocities it committed). We can see him trying to do this starting all the way back in Being and Time where he works on the etymology of certain German words to accomplish his argument (His followers think he's doing great etymology; his detractors disagree). See the SEP entry here Many German thinkers thought Greek and German had a special link -- "inner relationship of the German language with the language of the Greeks and with their thought”. (Quotations from Only a God can Save Us 113 [quoted from SEP linked above].) Part of it is that Heidegger's view on the history of philosophy goes something like this (caveat lector - this is a gross oversimplification):