I'd argue that the principle at work in whether choosing death is moral is whether the benefit of death outweighs the cost. 

According to the answer, Hebrews 6:18 does not necessarily mean that God cannot lie - only that He won't. So this leads me to a question: What is the Biblical basis for the doctrine that God's omnipotence means that he cannot act against his nature? Would it perhaps be more correct to say that he will not act against his nature? 

This is also ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict cold/heat or summer/winter to cease. 

Countless martyrs throughout history have chosen death for the sake of the gospel. In those cases, the benefit (furthering the gospel, integrity in not denying Christ) outweighed the cost (momentary death). 

The best proof texts for this seem to be Hebrews 6:18 and 2 Timothy 2:13. However, based on a debate with a friend, I asked this question on Biblical Hermeneutics SE, and got an answer that surprised me: 

So, what are some examples of Christians choosing death, where the benefit of death outweighed the cost? But generally, it depends on tons of factors, such as the amount of suffering one is in, the remaining time left in life, the possible benefit one might have to others, etc. Christians should prayerfully examine their own hearts when making such a decision, and remember the importance of loving others in their decision. We shouldn't automatically choose death, simply to escape suffering, when our life may benefit others or further the gospel. Rather we can count our current suffering as joy, knowing that we are choosing it for the sake of love and the gospel, and we will surely be rewarded. 

Of course, for Christians, since we do not love our worldly life, the cost for us is little and the benefit for us is great. But remember that we are called to love, and we must take into our calculation the cost for others and the benefit for others that can be incurred by our remaining in the world. For if all Christians were to simply off themselves, there would be no evangelism. Paul dealt with this very struggle, and his cost-benefit analysis led him to remain: I have heard a couple of "biblical" arguments against Global Warming. One is an appeal to God's promise that never again would a global flood destroy all life: 

The Bible doesn't have anything directly to say about assisted suicide, or therapeutic relentlessness, so any Christian viewpoint on this subject must be an inference from more general principles. I argue that OP's question is a subset of the more general question of "Is it ever okay for a Christian to choose death?" Quite simply (but not to derogate your question), communicating the Word of God requires a clean vessel. Yes, even a person who is harboring and hiding a besetting sin can still preach and teach, but the hypocrisy of attempting to preach the truth while living a lie will eventually catch up with him or her, and the result could be his or her exposure, and with exposure comes (for example) losing one's ministry. Even with repentance, the person may not be able to return to a fruitful ministry, partly because of personal factors, and/or partly from people's lack of trust in the messenger. Yes, I believe God does have genuine affection for us individually. 

The restrictions in particular have both “spiritual” and “physical” ramifications, since people who are created in the image of God are not just spiritual creatures but a somewhat mysterious nexus of the spiritual and the material, mind and matter, soul and body. Because He has poured out Himself to death, Ezekiel did not fall down on the job, however. He was faithful in warning the unrighteous and righteous of the punishment which awaited them if they never initially repented of their sin or if they had repented at one time but "backslid" into their old way of life. This account is but one in the book of Acts of the power and necessity of prayer, particularly when a brother or sister is in "crisis mode." 

In fact, if you were to take the time to search the book of Acts for the words pray, prayer, praying, and prayed (at biblestudytools.com or biblegateway.com), I feel confident you would realize how important communal prayer was to the early Christians, with so many wonderful things happening as a result of earnest, concerted prayer. Peter's miraculous release from prison is just one such account.