"Good pride," on the other hand, is a completely different thing, based on achievement and self-improvement. It's mindset is "I am better than I was yesterday." It's a noble emotion, one that inspires us onward towards the loftiest of all the Gospel principles: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in Heaven is perfect." Pride the Deadly Sin is rooted in enmity, competition and self-centeredness. Its mindset is always some variation on "I am better than you." It should not be necessary to go into detail as to why this attitude is directly opposed to Christian principles. But now, all that was about to change. He was going to be taken by the Jews, tried and convicted and put to death by the Romans. Suddenly their Master's public status was about to go from "eccentric Rabbi" to "criminal condemned for stirring up trouble with the Romans," which would turn those who supported him into fugitives, at least temporarily. Much like "love," the word "pride" has more than one meaning which are very different from each other. There are two (possibly more but two principal ones) in common use: But as we see repeatedly throughout the Gospels, the disciples never really "got" the whole "Jesus is going to die and then be resurrected" thing until after it was all accomplished. Here, they hear him talking about swords, and someone says "yeah, we've got a couple here already." They just don't understand what he's trying to explain, and you can almost hear the Master's resigned sigh. "Sure, that'll be fine." Here, he was trying to explain to them that they would need to be prepared to stay mobile (side note: the word fugitive comes from a Latin root meaning "to flee"): they would need to always have a purse (for money) and a bag (to carry basic supplies) ready, and that a sword (for protection against other men) was to be more important to them than a cloak (for protection against the elements) in the days to come. Leviticus 26 Leviticus 26:14-43 describes the punishment Israel will face for failing to keep the commandments. Here again, specific sins are met with specific punishments, making it difficult to view God's wrath as merely accommodating language. The whole section illustrates the point, but I would like to focus one thought: ... but for those who are self-seeking and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, there will be wrath and fury. There will be tribulation and distress for every human being who does evil, the Jew first and also the Greek (Romans 2:2-5; 8-9) Notice what Paul does not say here - "do not be angry." Instead, he says something like "It's OK to be angry, but resolve your angry quickly, so that it doesn't develop into something actually sinful." This line is actually an illusion to Psalms 4:4: Here, we have two instances of a specific sin (turning away form God) leading to a specific punishment (barren land). The specific language makes it difficult (exegetically) to see this as anything but a literal description. Furthermore, this punishment is something that "all the nations" will recognize as God's wrath (v24). If wrath was a mere accommodation and not actual action by God, it is hard to explain how Gentiles will understand that God is in action here. The idea that anger is wrong does not stem from the Bible, however, but rather a man-made sense of the "enlightened man" ideal where man acts rationally and without emotion, or at least without negative emotion. This "ideal" is directly contradicted by the Bible and also carries unwarranted pride in one's own intellect. In reality, emotion is an essential part of human nature and logically an essential part of God's nature if we are indeed created in His image. Just as one cannot fully understand God's infinite, perfect love, one cannot fully comprehend His wrath either. That, however, does not mean that our terms to describe His wrath do not correspond to a true aspect of God. Furthermore, that His wrath is real is backed by straightforward exegesis. Those who wish to say otherwise must twist scripture to an extent that if applied elsewhere could make God's love just as "unreal." Finally, it should be noted that while "wrath" a synonym for anger, it is not equivalent. Biblically, God's wrath is the opposite of his satisfaction or pleasure in men's actions. That is, it is a term used to describe His displeasure with man. It is described in terms of anger, sadness, even hatred, but it is not merely an emotion, but rather part of God's righteous judgement. (e.g. Romans 2, see below) Indeed, the wrath of God is contrasted with "the righteousness of God [which] is revealed from faith for faith." (v17) While righteousness can only be seen through the eye of faith, wrath is apparent to all. One would have to jump through hoops to explain how the "unreal" wrath of God is apparent while the "real" righteousness of God is invisible to unbelievers.