The adjectives excessive and farfetched are one-place predicates, assign a thematic role (presumably ‘Theme’, in traditional terminology), and, under the XP-Internal Subject Hypothesis, need arguments in their Spec A positions, which, in your examples 3a, 4a, apparently cannot but be the DPs his candour and her ideas, respectively. Hence, at the bottom of your grammatical sentences 3a and 4a, the structure is minimally [AP: [DP: his candour/her ideas] + [A': excessive/farfetched]]]. [I say ‘minimally’ because, for simplicity’s sake I will ignore here the fact that, arguably, the ‘Theme’ DPs are initially complements, not specifiers, of the adjective, which, strictly speaking, requires an AP with the structure [Spec A: ___ [A + Compl A]] and additional movement from Compl A to Spec A inside the AP, but we may leave that complication aside as it does not affect the gist of the argumentation that follows]. 

The answer to your question is no. If a language had a word like whon? standing for what on?, first, that word should, if anything, be described as a 'wh-postposition', not as a 'wh-preposition', and secondly, and above all, if such a word existed in any language, its wh+Q-operator would have to 'question' just the preposition on, not its complement, and the result would not be a 'partial' wh+Q-question, as in your What did you put the toy on__?, but a polarity (= a 'yes/no') question similar in meaning to what B replies to A in the following dialogue (say, between somebody who has arrived at his shop at 8 a.m., before his shop attendant, to find all the lights on and the shop attendant supposedly in charge of closing the shop and turning them all off on leaving the day before): 

However, I see no valid ontological difference between non-events/non-states of affairs in that respect, nor any obviously relevant grammatical difference between the predications that must be negated with "bù" and "méi", respectively. [One of the complications is that there happens to be a unique Chinese stative verb "you3" sometimes meaning 'have', 'possess', 'exist [for somebody]', but also equivalent to 'yes', 'is the case', 'is true' in other cases, that must nowadays be negated with "méi(you)", not "bù", in spite of the fact that it obviously refers to a currently holding state of affairs. Another is that the adverb "hái", meaning 'yet' as in E. "not yet", can co-occur with (precede) both "bù" and "méi(you)", although the sentence in which it appears cannot possibly refer to a non-fact of a past world]. 

What is rather less clear is whether (and, if so, why) such gerunds must be two-place predicates, as, obviously, many 'active' verbs that allow passivisation are not dyadic, but polyadic (e.g., 'ditransitive'), and others are ‘complex transitive’, but still take bona fide direct objects. Verbs like appoint, call, compare, distinguish, give, make, offer, persuade, send, to name but a few, are either ‘complex transitive’ (cf. appoint x + Predicative, make x + Predicative, make x + do y) or straightforward three-place predicates (cf. x compares y to z, x distinguishes y from z, x gives z y/x gives y to z, x offers z y/x offers y to z, x persuades y to do z, x sends y to z/x sends z y, etc.) 

In sum, my guess is that dyadic active gerunds can be constructed as passive complements of need, deserve, etc., but higher-adicity ones cannot. 

In either case, such a pro/dummy-DP chain would not cause any unification trouble at all, because a) there is no conflicting PF content (which is a unification problem in the case of English there-DP chains!), b) there is a single (Agent) theta role (assigned to o Janis in Spec VP), c) there is a single Case (Nominative, structurally assigned in Spec T, but 'absorbed' by the overt DP o Janis in Spec VP), and d) there is a unique set of Agreement ('phi') features (here: person, gender, number) inherently provided by the overt DP o Janis in the lower chain link. 

X-bar theory worked reasonably well for core categories like NP/N, VP/V, or AP/A, but ran into serious obstacles with coordinate constructions, and, above all, with the syntactic structures par excellence, i.e., 'sentences': obviously, under the early TGG analysis of 'S' expressed by the popular rule S > NP + VP, S was non-headed ('exocentric'), and a flagrant exception to the XP = [...X...] pattern that X-Bar Theory predicted all syntactic constructions should comply with. 

As is well known, the verbs need, require, lack and want, on the one hand, and deserve, justify, merit, warrant..., on the other, can exceptionally take -ING complement clauses with ‘concealed’ passive interpretations whenever the verb of the –ING clause allows passivisation. Such ‘concealed passive’ gerunds (Huddleston & Pullum's terminology) can, in fact, even be followed by agentive by-phrases and/or adverbs, as in Your hair needs cutting by a professional, or This draft needs checking carefully by the editor, all of which seems coherent enough with the claim that they are, indeed, a) passive in meaning (although ‘active’ in form) and b) real verbs (rather than de-verbal ING-nouns), as the presence of carefully in the latter example shows.