Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. The reader knows this by context. Let's pretend, for the moment, that the speaker does not intend the "if" to represent a biconditional in the sentence "I'll buy you a new wallet if you need one." This would mean: "I will buy you a wallet if you need one, and I may buy you a wallet even if you don't need one." It seems terribly unlikely that this would be what the speaker intended; if it were the speaker's intent, there are many better ways to phrase the sentence. So, the more parsimonious reading would be to read it as a biconditional, meaning "I will buy you a wallet if and only if you need one; if you do not need a wallet, I will not buy one for you." Your question mentions the square root of -1, but let's take the square root of 2. Does that number "exist in the world" in any meaningful way? Can you give me the square root of 2 apples? Let's begin with a trivial paradox. We know, of course, that there are integers that are not prime numbers. In fact, there seem to be a good number of them. And yet, we also know that there exactly as many prime numbers as there are integers. We have here a simple paradox; two contradictory statements which are both true. First, let's take the example given. The proposition fails, because the "tautology" listed is not actually valid. First of all, complex numbers (and imaginary numbers) do appear in real-world phenomena; they have lots of practical applications. And, as Tarski has pointed out, any language which has a truth-function is going to be subject to the Liar paradox. The fact that the questioner chooses to consider this as "non-signifying" is interesting, as it raises the question of by what rigorous criteria one could choose to exclude it (and other similar propositions). Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. The nested-if definition calls the second one dishonest appropriation, but not the first. It's This is a biology question more than a math or logic (philosophy) question. It turns out that we need to know three biological facts: Hermaphroditism is negligible compared to these numbers. Are siblings' sex correlated to each other at all? What is the (uncorrelated) sex ratio in humans (males/females)? What is the rate of atypical physiological sexual morphology (hermaphrodite, etc.). and we need to know two sociological facts: Edit: had the outer implication backwards. Note that in English, the implication of "some days" is that there are other days that are different. If you said "some days it rains" but it actually rains every day, it would be technically correct but the listener would feel justifiably misled. Almost every phrasing carries some impliciation like this, though: "there has been a day where I neither rode nor drove" suggests such days are rare; "it is not the case that I always ride or drive" suggests that riding or driving is the norm; "sometimes I avoid driving and avoid riding" again suggests rarity; "usually I drive or ride" suggests that sometimes (rarely) you do one but occasionally none; "usually I avoid riding and avoid driving" suggests that you sometimes must do at least one but usually don't. Language is rich with implicature, and if you wish to avoid this, you generally must stick with logical formalism.