However, when translating English to Finnish, the distinction does become relevant: Depending on whether or is used in the exclusive or the inclusive sense, the translation will result in either vai or tai, the two words having a different meaning in Finnish. Rather, the terms can roughly be translated to the more recent semantic notions of intension and extension: To make it easier for you to grasp the idea, just imagine the pluperfect proposition to be the consequent of an if-statement, like Thus, for English -- French, we only need the most adequate translation (which will be ou anyway) and can igonre the further difference between exclusive vs. inclusive or, which corresponds to semantic selection, while for English -- Finnish, we actually need the most adequate sense, so here a WSD is required. 1 and let's also ignore the rather unplausible third reading where we have a yes-no question but with an exclusive or, to which a valid answer would "yes" if the adressee eats either fish or meat, but not both Now what the "philosopher's English" expresses is exactly this: They can imagine a world in which the speaker's hair is green. As for the labels, I don't find the graph you showed too inaccurate. (Interestingly, the descriptions I chose are almost identical to your picture - it seems like the classical definitions of the fields are very persistent.) One might argue whether "speech sounds" precisely captures what phonetics is about in contrast to phonology, the addition of "speech" is very important here. As for syntax, one can decide to drop "sentences" if one assumes that sentences are also just kinds of phrases, but this is hairsplitting. I do agree with the summar "literal meaning" as opposed to "meaning in context of discourse". Eventually, this is what usually separates the two fields: While semantics is interested in a precise account of the meaning of linguistic entities as they are, it doesn't quite care about what could be there "between the lines". Subjects of linguistics that raise questions concerning speaker's intentions, dynamics of conversation, linguistic economy etc. have established as a field on their own, while there obviously is still a close connection between research in semantics and pragmatics. (For example, presupposition theory is usually regareded as an issue of pragmatics, but the way it is handled, it is actually a very semantic topic.) And pragmatics did take a long time to establish as a field on its own (one of my professors used to say "There is no such thing as pragmatics, there's good semantics and there's bad science." I won't attempt to comment on that here.) The element that is reponsible for when this distinction comes into play is probably best described as the "context of discourse", leaving semantics as the field concerned with the non-contextually-modified, more literal meaning, so I'd agree on these lables as long as I don't find anything better. There is also Logic, Language and Meaning by L.T.F. Gamut (1991), two volumes (the first one a general logic introduction, the second one focussing on intensions). I think it's very good for formal logic used in linguistics and it covers quite a lot and in good detail; I like it especially because it is one of the few textbooks that actually provide properly formulated and not just wishy-washy definitions that make you understand what is mathematically actually behind it. I frequently use it to take reliable definitions of basic concepts from. However, people tend to find it harder to read for beginners, so if you're not already familiar with logic from mathematics or something else, it might be better to start with one of the other books mentioned.