In this context, the term accent might be a bit ambiguous. And in fact, you did make a distinction between what you meant and foreign accents. It is a synonym of stress, so it's not that strange that you thought of it, but as I said it's ambiguous and furthermore, it has no opposites that I'm aware of. Going through your proposals for the sake of completeness: 

Natural languages have all these things as well, but like I said, in contrast to the artificial languages, they were acquired over time. There were influences, development. In other words: an evolution. 

No-one thought "let's create a language called English", over time from Old English to the English we know, it developed "by itself", through people's usage. While Esperanto, for example was created in more or less 15 years. 

A natural language has developed spontaneously over time and it has done it gradually. While an artificial language has been created in a relatively short time, usually for a definite aim. Now that other one is the main difference: it has been created. Also natural languages are man-made but the genesis is totally different, in terms of procedures and time. 

Unlike pidgins, an artificial language has a fairly complex grammar in addition to a good phonology system that is usually as complex as the creator's language, a good furnished lexicon and it's provided with syntax too. 

In the 60s a scholar named William Stokoe was the first to declare Sign Languages (to be exact the American Sign Language) as fully-fledged languages that had all the properties of spoken languages, revealing the possibility of their components to be divided in sub-components. If in a spoken language we have a word made by phonemes, in a Sign Language we have a sign made by four parameters, which are the following: 

If near speaker, proximal terms are used (this, here, now); if away from speaker, distal terms are adopted (that, there, then). Speakers and hearers constantly adjust their internal registry of deictics to keep up with the conversation. 

I think that in this case "a pronoun substitutes a noun or a noun phrase, with or without a determiner" such as it or this. 

face expression head position torso posture labialization Certainly, as stated before, Sign Languages are totally independent from spoken languages: they aren't a simplified copy of those languages. Their grammar and their syntax are totally different.