To my mind, perhaps the most plausible explanation is that people vote out of a Kantian ethic. In simple terms, Immanuel Kant's categorical imperative states that you shouldn't do an action unless it would be good if everyone did it. So the argument against not voting would be that if everyone listened to the advice of economists and stayed home, then a given person's vote would actually make a difference, so for that reason you should vote. Economists tend to be skeptical of that kind of reasoning, because they're generally utilitarians in their ethics, not Kantians. (Landsburg, for instance, says that it's "as true and as irrelevant as the assertion that if voting booths were spaceships, voters could travel to the moon. Everyone else does not stay home. The only choice that an individual voter faces is whether or not to vote, given that tens of millions of others are voting.") But I think the average person is more sympathetic to Kantian reasoning. So my question is, does SB 1062 grant a religious exemption to at least Arizona's state laws governing discrimination in public accommodations? And how it would square with the federal Civil Rights law? Does it only shield Arizona businesses from state-level prosecution of religiously motivated discrimination, but still leave them liable to federal discrimination prosecutions? No, the IRS cannot impose any lien on your assets, prosecute you, garnish your wages, etc. if you don't comply with the Obamacare insurance mandate and fail to pay the penalty. (And they certainly can't take away your driver's license, which is a state issue, not a federal issue.) 

EDIT: In addition to making briefings audio-only, the White House is also restricting when the audio can be released; reporter are not allowed to stream the audio live, instead the audio can only be broadcast after the briefing is over. Well, today one reporter violated that restriction and streamed the audio live on Periscope; see this Washington Post article for details. It remains to be seen if this reporter will face any consequences or if other reporters will decide to do the same. 

The graph in the Wikipedia article actually does do what you want: So it looks like there may be a prospect of a government shutdown if the parties can't agree on the presence of policy riders. 

In the case of any failure by a taxpayer to timely pay any penalty imposed by this section, such taxpayer shall not be subject to any criminal prosecution or penalty with respect to such failure. 

Apropos of this point, this Bloomberg View article by Tim O'Brien says this: 

The intergenerational income elasticity is a measure of the extent to which a child born from a parent who makes $X in income will increase his income to $Y (after doing an integral). (See page 10 of the OECD report for the mathematical definition.) Note that a higher elasticity corresponds to a lower probability of increasing your income. 

EDIT: Democrats and Republicans agreed on an omnibus spending bill yesterday, and it seems to contain the following policy riders: 

Forget states that are overwhelmingly Democratic or Republican. Even in a state that's extremely closely matched in terms of political opinion, your vote still has a vanishingly small chance of making a difference. First of all you have to consider the probability that your state will make a difference as to who wins the electoral college, which would only happen if the electoral vote totals are very close, and then you have to multiply that by the probability that your single vote can make the difference in who wins your state, which would only happen if there's an exact tie. See this paper for the results of such a calculation. 

The Arizona state legislature has just passed a bill called SB 1062, designed to protect religious liberty. Opponents claim that it will allow businesses to refuse to serve people on the grounds of race, gender, orientation, etc. if it's done by the owner on religious grounds. But the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination in public accommodations (i.e. places of business accessible to the public, like restaurants and stores). And it seems that Arizona state law contains a similar prohibition on public accomodations discrimination. (B) Limitations on liens and levies