If x is a 'quadratic' irrational number, that is a solution to a polynomial ax2 + bx + c = 0 for some integers a, b, and c such that b2 − 4ac is positive but not a perfect square, then you will never arrive at a final rational approximation (because x is irrational). But if you were to use continued fractions to try to obtain a rational approximation, you would notice that the continued fraction representation eventually starts repeating. If you recognised the pattern, you could arrive at an exact representation of the irrational number — again, without ever knowing for certain that it was correct, but if you did find it you would never need to correct it. The first you should ask what you really mean by equality. How serious are you about the idea that "zero" and "infinity" refer to the same concept? How many Bengal tigers are there, for instance, in your immediate vicinity — none, or infinitely many? (If there happen to be one or two, would you expect there to be infinitely many of them if those two went away?) I would suspect that there being zero Bengal tigers nearby to you would appear very differently to you than there being infinitely many. This gets to the heart of what mathematics is actually for: it's for describing features of the world that you see around you — and for being able to express different ways that the world could be, which you could distinguish from one another if you wished to. If it were somehow "really the case" that zero and infinity were equal — that is, if this somehow were a deep meaningful feature of the world — why are we not being constantly assaulted by (or at least crushed to death under the weight of) infinitely many Bengal tigers? The broad form of the question places it in the subfield of Metaphysics, which includes the study of the nature of reality, including what kinds of things exist, and what defines those kinds. Among the problems it addresses, Philosophy of Biology takes up general questions from metaphysics, epistemology, and logic as they apply to living things and the science of them. Both of these questions have to do with Quine's idea that the structure of scientific knowledge is a “web of belief.” The web metaphor suggests that beliefs are connected to one another. The connections can be understood as resulting from how the definition of any term (whether a scientific term or not) can only be given in terms of other terms. So, the web is partly about the connections among beliefs by virtue of the meanings of sentences being connected, in so far as sentences are built from words, and words get their meanings only by relationship to other words and sentences. The connections among beliefs in a web of belief are also justificatory, given how we build beliefs on top of other beliefs. It is at least logically possible that the universe be designed in such a way that the designer is undetectable. It's an internally consistent hypothesis, and it's consistent with everything we observe. However, it doesn't follow from that that it's a reasonable thing to believe. So far, that is just to argue, quickly, that Premise 4 is dubious. But we might also want an argument for the view that natural selection generally has, when it has produced belief-forming apparatuses, favored their reliability. That is just to say that organisms with more reliable belief-forming apparatuses have survived at a higher rate than similar organisms with less reliable belief-forming apparatuses. Philosopher Christopher Stephens offers such an argument in the paper “When is it selectively advantageous to have true beliefs?”. He concludes: The first you should ask what you really mean by equality. How serious are you about the idea that "zero" and "infinity" refer to the same concept? How many Bengal tigers are there, for instance, in your immediate vicinity — none, or infinitely many? (If there happen to be one or two, would you expect there to be infinitely many of them if those two went away?) I would suspect that there being zero Bengal tigers nearby to you would appear very differently to you than there being infinitely many. This gets to the heart of what mathematics is actually for: it's for describing features of the world that you see around you — and for being able to express different ways that the world could be, which you could distinguish from one another if you wished to. If it were somehow "really the case" that zero and infinity were equal — that is, if this somehow were a deep meaningful feature of the world — why are we not being constantly assaulted by (or at least crushed to death under the weight of) infinitely many Bengal tigers? Defining science institutionally of course stands in contrast to other preceding philosophers' efforts to define science in terms of its internal characteristics like verifiability (Logical Empiricists) or falsifiability (Popper). Kuhn would not argue this way. At the same time, he would not allow that anything goes as science, because he thinks the institution of science approaches the world with certain values that rule out some activities or claims as unscientific. How? Knowledge-generating methods and procedures are scientific precisely if and because they neutralize the desires of individuals or groups to believe one thing or another. An individual's perceiving and believing independently do not have those features. When methods and procedures involving different, independent assumptions converge on the same results, we describe those results as more "robust" or more "objective." No, and we should not want it to be falsifiable, nor expect it to be on its own terms. But you've asked about a version which includes the stronger Premise 4, that “There are more false beliefs that lead to survival-promoting behavior than there are true beliefs that do the same.” It's hard to imagine how Premise 4 could be true, and your example certainly does not support it. The person who goes south and finds water because of the false belief that there are monsters in other directions could just have easily have gone east because of the false belief that there are monsters in the south. Indeed, other things being equal on this simple model, that way of using beliefs to guide action would fail to lead someone to water 75% of the time! Biologically, organisms confused about their environments don't last very long.