The nature of numbers is a real difficult problem; form a "philosophy of mathematics" point of view, the best starting point is yet Frege's Grundlagen (1884 - The Foundations of Arithmetic) - difficult but rewarding. The thorny issue of "reality" of abstract object (starting from Plato and Aristotle) is that we think that objects are real when we are able to see and touch them, and we cannot see and touch numbers. But, if they are not real, why they are so ... useful, indispensable for the entire umankind ? A lot of work in XX century phil of math has been dedicated to find some way to support the idea that numbers are not real (in everyday sense of the term) but mathematics is anyway worth studying as ... a game with symbols, a set of statments true by convention, a social construction, and so on. But the signs K for classes and ∈ [est] for membership are listed as logical signs, and thus the theory of classes is part of logic, and this is common to Frege and Russell. Of course we have some "issue" here : see quantum mechanics, but the scientific community devotes a lot of time and money searching some empirical support to the existence of (e.g.) Higgs' boson. This presuppose some sort of belief in the "reality" of Higss' boson. To add insult to injury, the very theory of orders cannot be explained without quantifying over all functions, and hence violating it. For to explain it, one has to express the fact that every propositional function has a determinate order. Hence, the theory is self-refuting. However, I can't find any objection to Hilbert's version of Formalism (apart from the question of applicability) and this made me wonder two things, Russell was well aware of at least some of these difficulties. To solve them he formulated his theory of systematic ambiguity. This is most easily understood with respect to an example. Take the statement of the Axiom of Reducibility. According to Russell, this has to be understood (for fixed i) as indicating not a single proposition, but an infinitude of propositions: one for each order that f might be. Russell, himself, explains the point with respect to a similar example as follows): What are the objections to Hilbert's version of Formalism other than the two mentioned above? For more on Brouwer's and Weyl's fluid continuum see Is Aristotle's resolution of Zeno's paradoxes vindicated by motion in the intuitionistic continuum? The linked paper also gives an interpretation of Brouwer's first act in terms of Husserlian phenomenology of intentional acts and temporal retentions/protentions: Logicism's original goal certainly was not to diffuse Platonist impulses, although it was later adapted to that end, Frege was a devout Platonist. It was an epistemological reduction programme (aside from the more technical mathematical project): show that mathematics reduces to logic, which is more "secure" on any conception, and deal with the justificatory status of logic later, Frege, Russell, early Wittgenstein and Carnap had different ideas how, from platonism to positivism. What attracted positivists to logicism was the hope of eliminating platonist metaphysics by reducing mathematics to conventions, because it seemed initially plausible that logic could be so reduced (this hope was later dashed by Quine's Truth by Convention). See Friedman's Logical Truth and Analyticity on the evolution of logicism from Frege to Carnap until the final blow to it was dealt by Gödel's incompleteness.