UTG+2 could just call and set mine but I think he wants to isolate on UTG+1 for position 

UTG with AQo calls and wins a big pot 

Just call a raise pre where you might have raised. 

Often everyone will see a flop so getting odds to play suited connectors Other than that only play premium hands 

On the flop you have to put K in his range AK, KQ, KJ KK would have raised preflop 99 might limp call 

Be happy villain checked the flop. You did not improve on turn. 8 could have hit the villain. Be glad villain checked. 

Just outs to improve on the next card is fairly straight forward. Probability to win is much more complex. If it is just you against a single player on the river then you can calculate. A starting hand against 3 random hands is very complex. 

UTG+1 all in - does he think 2 pair is good or is he bluffing a flush I think it is a bluff Since he has the ace clubs less likely UTG+2 has a flush 

Ace high straight is highest but it is actually easier to make because there are no blockers above. 

You should not play 23, 34 as less ways to make straight as you don't have 3 below. 

If only one hand (89) beats you then you need to call pretty much all the time unless you have a really solid read. 

In a tournament the chip does not have a direct cash equivalent. In a tournament the objective is to survive. A chip you lose is worth more than a chip you win. Double up early does not double your chances to win. Lose your stack guarantees your chance to be out of the tournament. 

The plan is to stack a player that thinks a set is good when you have a 1 gap straight. Many amateurs will overplay top pair. 

I like 1 gapper as if I have 57 and the board hits 689 it is not likely someone was playing 7T. Plus it 1 gapper is MUCH better disguised. yxyxx xyxyx xxyxy You can only lose to a larger if they are playing 2 gapper 

Raise pre flop with a premium hand to get money in the pot but don't expect a lot of folds 

I don't play much big stacks heads up as it is the end of Sit 'n' Go and blinds are high. 

Don't try and get tricky early. 

Mid not likely to open with mid to low suited connectors as you want players. It is the type of hand that if it hits it is likely the best hand. Late open raise with it to steal the blinds and you still have a lot of outs. 

How to open from button heads up pre flop? 

The risk of 56 is if the board comes up 789 someone has TJ. If it was an early open then JT is not likely. 

Pre UTG, HJ, limp, BTN raises to $600, SB, UTG, HJ all call Pot $2500 

You have poker calculators but there is no formula 

Negreanu will still play aggressive but with smaller bets. Since he plays a wider range you have to give him credit for hitting a lot of flops. 

The lowest I play is 65, 75 as you have 3 below not blocked by ace. 

Secondary was Alec angle shooting? 

So then villain pushes. Problem with that play is if villain really had a king he should have called hoping to get more money in the pot. I think you were getting about 3:1 on your money. You still had 2 outs to improve. Got to think about calling here. If there is even a 25% chance of a bluff then you should call. 

$2,400 is 1/2 the pot and he called that small raise 

UTG+1 not understanding the donk bet maybe he is repping a big queen wanting to charge a flush draw he does have the back door nut flush draw seem like a flush draw would check 

Highest or lower boat is immaterial. Quads beat a full house. 

Imagine this scenario. A player stands up when the BB gets to them then sits back down when the SB passes. If they don't pay to play then they have avoided paying the binds. 

ATo the second pass needed to get through 2 and Alec was getting 1.56:1 to call. Push without getting a count was sloppy. And it makes it look bluffy in my opinion. ATo is not great but I think it is too good of a hand to bluff in this spot in position. Think of it as a strong T. 

River J♣ SB $5500 BTN call SB turns over 9♣ 6♣ 

If you have players that will randomly go in then take a stand with a hand that will beat a random hand. 42 off suite beats 72 off suite but that is about it. 42 off suite is one of worse possible starting hands. Don't call if you can't even beat a bluff. If you want to gamble then pick a hand like 78 suited or 33 as you are a dog but you have a lot more ways to win - you still should not call two (even one) all-in with it. Two players in the pot then even if it is a bluff let them battle it out. 

Will answer my own. I am really hoping for a good support of Doug's play. 

Will not accept my own answer. 

UTG+1 seem like repping a made flush 

In a tournament your goal is to survive more than to accumulate chips. Avoid all-in unless you have a monster as if you lose you go home. 

I will not accept my own answer. 

Raise with 78s is where it gets expensive but that is also a spot were you can make some relatively safe money. If you are just going to call with 78s then you need to do that with some of your premium hands also.