Outside military or quasi-military service, the 13th Amendment ban on slavery and indentured servitude prohibits employment which cannot be terminated voluntarily at any time. There can be monetary penalties for quitting, but someone can't be compelled to do their job involuntarily. 

(e) The provisions of this section are subject to section 876b(d)(2) of this title (article 76b(d)(2)) There have been efforts to reform alcohol labelling regulations to require nutrition labelling of some sort with alcohol, but generalized warning labels of the kinds found today (e.g. for pregnant women, and for drinking and driving) have largely been a higher priority. Also, while a new election isn't held when an elected legislator either resigns from a party or is ejected from one, that doesn't mean that tools of party discipline don't exist. In recent instances in the U.S. Congress and in the Colorado General Assembly where legislators have switched parties midterms, those legislators have been stripped of committee seats allocated to them by their political party and otherwise denied privileges that they previously held as party members in good standing. In a parliamentary system, a party switcher could have his or her ministry in cabinet taken way by the leadership. 

In part this was facilitated by the fact that European civil law system courts make findings of fact and conclusions of law in every case that can be meaningfully reviewed without a transcript and allow de novo retrial of factual issues. In contrast, verbatim records were not kept in early American criminal cases and the jury did not make written findings of fact or conclusions of law that could easily be reviewed. 

But, really, a legislative political party designation is primarily a designation that describes how one is likely to vote on issues. Any legislature in which elected officials get to decide how they cast their own votes, necessarily must allow for the possibility that some group of elected legislators with a particular political party designation cast their voters differently than other elected legislators with the political party designation. Ultimately, framing this as a legal question rather than as a political one is only marginally useful. There is no court which could hold North Korea accountable for a violation of an international legal obligation or a treaty violation. And, seeking recourse from the domestic courts of North Korea in the context of its current totalitarian regime would be futile. For a family of four in 2016 the relevant ACA income cutoffs were as follows: 

There are doctrines and treaties out there that are often given effect in the domestic courts of various countries and in international tribunals which mostly rely on the governments of some country to enforce their rulings. (3) received military pay or allowances; and The handful of relatively obscure rights under the privileges and immunities clause of the constitution are afforded only to citizens. (B) trial by court-martial; or For example, acquittals can be appealed in Japan (see footnote 48) which primarily used the legal codes of Germany as its model. It is also plausible that treaties between the current regime of Iran and the U.S. would pre-empt this suit, although I do not have a comprehensive knowledge of those treaties. At a minimum, entering into multiple treaties could be construed as a waiver of any such claims, even if claims arising out of the 1953 coup were not expressly mentioned. The most recent treaty between the U.S. and Iran was entered into in 2015.