In the second part of this work Kant deals with dynamics. But he does not give a proof of the inverse square law. Of course, the viewpoint of biology is only one possible approach. At least since the Nicomachean Ethics of Aristotle a professional conversation has been conducted about values and the question whether an intrinsic value exist as a final guide of life. The third part of this work, named Metaphysical Foundations of Mechanics, contains the following propositions: Kant is a philosopher who separates noumena and phenomena in a strict way. He does not aim at unifying them. It is our cognitive system, which classifies the neural input as visual, auditive, olfactoric or sensual due to the brain areas where the input comes from and due to its time-related pattern. Herefrom the brain constructs a world-model with the relevant features of our environment. This world-model is permanently updated. All our perceptions refer to this model. But the model itself stays transparent. It is invisible to our conscious awareness: We perceive the inner world-model as if we had direct contact to the things from the outside world. In 19th century a famous speech was given by Du Bois-Reymond entitled "Limits of our knowledge of nature". Its last passage culminates in confronting "ignoramus"(we do not know) with "ignorabimus" (we will never know). Kant elaborates his metaphysics of natural science in From a biological point of view, one can ask for the function of linking experiences with emotions, i.e. for the utility of emotions. One answer is that emotions serve as a marker of stored experience. As a consequence, in a new situation we have quick access to our stored experience by activation of the corresponding emotion. Hence also emotions are useful. One can discuss whether from a biological point of view intrinsic value exists at all. For me a statement like "nature is absurd" is not senseful. Nature, i.e. real objects and facts, just are. Only the difference between certain propositions can be absurd. E.g., the gap between the propositions valid in every-day life and the insights of quantum electrodynamics or quantum mechanics in general. Hence, please indicate a reference to Feynman's quote to learn about the context of his statement. The philosophical approach employs a constructivist epistemology. On the other hand, neuroscience emphasizes that the content of our mental processes solely results by pattern recognition and pattern processing from the net of neural activity in the brain. The brain is deaf and blind. It neither hears nor sees nor smells nor touches etc. Your list from Aristotle, Met. 986a22ff, numbers ten principles (archai). Aside, what about converting your remarks concerning skepticism into a separate question? This statement seems to me either tautological or trivial. Nobody, neither religious nor a-religious denies this claim. But the perpetuation of a claim does not confirm its truth. Du Bois-Reymond stays completely in the domain of science, mysticism or spirituality was not his topic. For him, two scientific questions remain unanswerable: 1. What are matter and force? 2. How to derive consciousness from its material substrate? My answer to the latter question: There is no epistemic principle which builds a bridge from the possible - but highly improbable - to the impossible. In the meantime, neuroscience has established itself as a player in the domain of philosophy of mind. Some researchers with a strong capability in neurobiology and philosophy have presented new models of the mind; e.g. Gerhard Roth: Das Gehirn und seine Wirklichkeit. 1994 (in German). The most simple explanation for the fitting of the measurements of different groups is the hypothesis that all groups measure properties of the same external objects. The whole passage is part of Aristotle's history of philosophy: Before expanding his own contribution, Aristotle recalls the research to date, i.e. what did his forerunners state about the topic. Quine's opinion concerning the predictive power of Homer's gods: Quine does not make any quantification of the predictive power of Homer's gods, notable he does not quantify the degree of their predictive power. He prefers physical theories to explain our expericence - but that's what everybody would expect him to do. And he states that both concepts physical object and Homer's gods are theoretical concepts. Along these lines I would resolve the apparent contradiction in your statement. First law of mechanics. Through all changes of corporeal Nature, the overall amount q of matter remains the same — neither increased nor lessened. (A116) Added: I learned by the Gettier counter-example, that in certain cases the conjunction of the above named three conditions is not sufficient to assure the intended meaning of to know, see http://philosophyfaculty.ucsd.edu/faculty/rarneson/Courses/gettierphilreading.pdf The Gettier counter-example comprises a correct argumentation, the conclusion is also true, but the argumentation starts with a false premiss. The counter-example is designed cleverly so that it fullfills all three conditions. Nevertheless, one would not name the resulting statement knowledge. More general, religious belief perpetuates because it satisfies a psychic need of many people, e.g. see Kay, Aaron C. et al.: Religious Belief as Compensatory Control. Personality and Social Psychology Review 14(1). 2010, p. 37– 48 For each of these propositions Kant gives a "proof". Added. One can freely download Kant's work as http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/kant1786.pdf Secondly, I would ask him: What argument would you consider a disproof of your claim? If he cannot imagine any argument for a possible disproof then we have an example of immunization. Regarding to principles Aristotle accepts two principles from logic: 1. tertium non datur 2. law of contradiction. Again, quite a different level.