However, the bonus for associating SO-family accounts is 100 rep, as long as one of the accounts has at least 200 rep to begin with. I'm curious if that means someone could get the badge simply by being active on another SO-family site and logging in every few days. 

I can't think of any case where this would be a desired behavior, so I propose rejecting any title that ends in " [closed]" except for the ones generated by the system for actually-closed questions. A quick explanation under "Oops! Your question couldn't be submitted because:" should be enough to make this feature non-confusing. 

Due to a recent change, the accepted — EDIT: now formerly accepted — answer is no longer correct. meta.superuser.com is now a standalone meta site just for SU, and meta.serverfault.com is now a standalone meta site just for SF. 

Submitting flags when that button is unchecked fails sometimes, but not always. I don't see it often enough to have figured out the pattern, if there is one. Can the dialog be edited so that selecting a subcategory button automatically selects the parent button as well? 

A moment ago, I had two "The bounty on your question expires in the next 24 hours" notification banners active here on MSO. I closed one, and it disappeared as expected. When I moved on to another question, both banners were gone. 

However, the reduced-size avatar leads to a bug in positioning of other avatars when it's at the end of a row. Screenshots will illustrate it best. Here's normal alignment: 

Once in a while, some well-meaning user appends the string " [closed]" to a question title after receiving a good answer. This is, of course, confusing to people who, for example, visit the question later and don't see a "closed as reason by voters at time" box. 

So, to make this an actual question, could someone earn Yearling on a given site without really doing anything at all? Or, phrased differently, what is the definition of "active member"? 

Merged questions can't be answered, so I consider it a bug that they show up in the Unanswered list, even though it's technically true. 

EDIT : Although this is marked completed, it happened again today. 

The problem with this, of course, is that it's not good for i18n; residents of some countries prefer warm beer, I've heard. ← Apparently, that's just a myth. Thanks, commenters! 

The only (relevant) difference is that the user with the circular avatar is set to "ignored" in the second screenshot. 

And to answer the inevitable question: no, I don't have that user ignored "for real." It's just to demonstrate the bug. I chose him because his avatar was at the end of the row when I was ready to take the screenshot, and it's easy to pick put a circle among a bunch of squares. 

Sometimes, the main radio button for "it needs moderator attention" in the flagging dialog doesn't get selected even when one of the needs-mod-attention reasons is chosen. 

I just looked over your rep graph and saw only 49 days on which you earned 200 or more reputation from vote-type sources. You're one short. 

I know this may actually already be accounted for in the code, and therefore not a bug, but I couldn't find documentation and I was curious. 

For an example, look at me: I have SO, SF, SU and Meta accounts, all associated. I'm a frequent participant on SO, SU and Meta but have never posted on SF despite visiting every day. I certainly don't deserve Yearling. 

EDIT: Initially, I thought that the OP was referring to the envelope icon that sits in each site's gray "top bar," and by extension, the page for which the envelope icon is a link. OP has clarified that he meant the colored bar that looks like the one that announces newly earned badges. I would be more okay with losing that bar, though I don't think the introduction of the global inbox is a good reason for taking that bar away. 

Stack Overflow steins should just have images of the voting buttons on the side, with the upvote button changing color to orange when in the cold, "containing beer" state. 

Edit: Just had a new idea: set up a special, one-time-only review queue to prepare for this split. Every existing MSO question would go into the queue. The queue prompt would be "Which site will this question belong on after the split?" Options would be "MSE" for questions applicable to the whole network, "MSO" for SO-only questions and "Neither" for questions that just ought to be deleted (plus, of course, "Skip"). 

EDIT: Okay, despite the humorous language, the OP asked a serious question. So here is a serious answer. If the proposal is going to be locked or deleted, why stop at an uncommit button? The system might as well automatically uncommit all followers, in case they don't notice the status of the proposal for a while. I say this because I can't imagine any proposal ever returning to active status after reaching locked or deleted status, even though the possibility is technically open. Forcing people to manually uncommit is an annoyance at best and rubbing salt in the wound at worst.