A brain state in the visual cortex is said to contain information in virtue of it being downstream in the causal chain from photoreceptors in the eye. In the same way, any state of matter (such as a crystal) could be said to be downstream from a causal chain and, thus, be said to contain information. However, the idea of information presupposes some means of interpreting its significance. 

However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: Thomas Aquinas was strongly influenced by Aristotle, and the influence of Augustine is evident in his work as well. Aquinas continues with Aristotle's idea of the mind taking on the forms of physical objects. In Aquinas' account, the idea of forms is used in three different senses: 

The observations of these philosophers from antiquity highlight some of the properties which distinguish the mind and the soul from the physical world. In addition to that, each of them provided what might be considered a unified argument to the effect that conscious experience cannot be material because of a necessary incompatibility, but each of them approached it in a slightly different way. Anaxagoras' approach was that the intellect would be unable to "dominate" its objects of thought if there wasn't an ontological distinction to be made. Aristotle essentially agreed with Anaxagoras, but he also asserted that the active must be superior to the passive. Augustine argued that bodily vision alone would be inadequate because otherwise sensation would not be "accompanied by a thought of the soul." Finally, Aquinas asserted that an impression on the passive intellect could only be made provided that there is a common mode of existence with the human intellect. 

The main difference between the terms "artistic" and "aesthetic" is that the first is a term from natural language, while the second is intended to be a technical term with an exact philosophical definition. In practice, however, neither term is well-defined. Beardsley's own definition holds that an aesthetic experience is the gratification experienced upon correctly and completely experiencing an aesthetic object. However, this definition is arguably circular, or at the least, dependent on some prior definition of aesthetics. 

If your ultimate goal is --for example --for all people to live happy, full lives in which they are allowed to pursue fulfillment of their own individual potential, then your opponent's argument collapses. It achieves an immediate narrow objective without regards to the larger picture. It's no good to win the battle and lose the war. 

Consider the following --we don't know how our universe originated, we don't know what its fate is, we don't know with any certainty our own afterlife, if such a thing exists, and we don't know whether or not our own personal lives might end at any given moment due to circumstances beyond our controls. Those are all things that are true even if we assume material reality exists just as it appears to. Given that, the search for meaning is hardly any more difficult if material reality is an illusion. In fact, it might actually be considered easier, due to the fact that some common options --pursuing material wealth, for example --would be revealed as dead ends. 

3) therefore, you are not the only human with qualia / sentience. In fact a lot of his 1993 book Consciousness Explained is devoted to explaining this illusion. As for Yudkowski's belief in mind uploading, that belief is quite common among functionalists. A lot of people, including Chalmers, Marvin Minsky, and Google's Ray Kurzweil, believe that. 

btw, there is a glaring hole in the scenario described in the animation. can you find it? 

EDIT Dec 6th - in response to Dave's comments: Can't one explain these cases with failure of memory rather than absence of consciousness? how would you eliminate that possibility? If so, then we can have an object that alters "in some mental respect without altering in some physical respect" in some appropriate sense of not altering the physical state (probably relative to other possible worlds, since in this world the physical is in flux). 

on the other hand I believe there is plenty of evidence that many (maybe even most) people may be p-zombies all-the-time; if you don't believe me, just ask them yourself. [A shameless plug warning] However, while I find that kind of speculation attractive, I believe the thought experiments he employs to argue for the principle of organizational invariance are not convincing - and I argue for it in Yet Another Objection to Fading and Dancing Qualia. 

And my request is for references to discussions of this curiosity by philosophers, if such discussions exist. 

Here is the quote by searle from Minds, Brains, and Science (1984, p. 35): "in one sense, of course, we are all machines. We can construe the stuff inside our heads as a meat machine. And of course, we can all think. So, in one sense of 'machine', namely that sense in which a machine is just a physical system which is capable of performing certain kinds of operations, in that sense, we are all machines, and we can think. So, trivially, there are machines that can think."