On the other hand, Charles Hodge, a Reformed Protestant, prefers the second view, in light of passages like 1 Corinthians 10:20: 

For more of Sproul's teaching on this topic, see his booklet What Is the Trinity, chapter 4. He goes into a bit more detail in a video lecture. He also touches on the doctrine of the Trinity in other works, including Essential Truths of the Christian Faith. And since that's how the audience interpreted it, John provides us with an understanding of why in v. 18. The "finding out" language, he notes, is often associated with God's testing:2 

Many commentators don't attempt to draw a distinction between these two, like George Leo Haydock (a Roman Catholic), who writes that these "gods" and "lords" are simply "reputed for such among the heathens." 

Either way, however, we can say with Hodge that Paul's purpose here is to say that Lutheran: Mueller, Christian Dogmatics, 170: 

Among these, Romans 8:27 and 1 Corinthians 12:11 make it particularly clear that the Holy Spirit has a mind and will: attributes of personhood. 

To R. C. Sproul and many other Christians, the word essence is a near-synonym of being or substance in a philosophical sense. It is the English word that he feels best conveys the meaning of the word that the Greeks used when describing unchangeable, ultimate reality: ousios (the present participle of the Greek verb "to be"). 

the place where we treated, to the best of our ability, of the persons of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. [Ch. 7] Augustine addresses this question in at least the Confessions and the City of God. In book 11 of the Confessions he deals with the subject of time extensively, and ultimately he decides that it is inherently associated with change. In City of God he writes: 

The Gospel of John also indicates that the Holy Spirit is distinct from the Father and Son, through its language of the Father (John 14:16) and Son (John 15:26) sending the Spirit: There are actually two similar ways that this passage is interpreted: John Calvin sees the matter similarly. The New Bible Commentary summarizes: 

If the Holy Spirit is the power of God, then this would read, "And Jesus returned in the power of the power of God to Galilee," and the first "power" would be redundant. Other examples of this include Acts 10:38, Rom 15:13, and 1 Cor 2:4. 

That said, it seems to be used more in traditions more closely associated with Calvinism, whether because of shared history or because of historical debates – the Lutheran and Arminian authors cited above use the term more extensively than the others.