I think the problem you're facing is that you're comparing the wrong things. Your quoted passage does not deal with the fantastic or the absurd, whereas some of the examples you've given clearly are. In short, avoid purple prose. Less really is more. There's a lot more to pick out elsewhere, but hopefully you can get the gist: too many adjectives, too much flowery description. Although I would hesitate to say you can't do this or that, the character of Syme doesn't come across as a potential subversive, and find the idea he was plotting to overthrow the government to be fairly far fetched. While it's possible he was a subversive pretending to be loyal, his intelligence suggests that he would have been more successful in acting this out, and wouldn't have drawn as much attention to himself as he did. However, remember that these individuals will know of other people. Note: never used them myself, so can't comment on the actual service, quality etc. Edit: Also, just to add, even though things take place in a museum, a museum consists of many different rooms and places, so although it's one location, it contains many different locations, too. Even then, having only one location is not necessarily a bad thing (think of the film "Alien", for example, where the majority of the film takes place on one space ship). If you story calls for one location, then stick with it. A number of philosophers and mathematicians do see a deep connection between poetry and mathematics. Betrand Russell put it thus: The Old Man and the Sea mentioned three other characters that never appeared directly, but we know of them through Santiago and Manolin. (Incidentally, what you outline for Synecdoche New York is, in my view, unlikely, but not impossible, which is very different to absurd, or fantastic.) While they may not appear in the novel directly, they will have an influence on them. Use as many characters you need. Don't add extra characters unless they relate to the story. Don't tell me it went horribly, show me. Don't tell me he forgot some lines and made a fool of himself. Show me. Don't tell me there's an angry crowd chasing him. Show me. Edit: It occurs to me that if you want to pursue the subversive element, you could use Syme's intelligence against him. Perhaps his arrogance over his own intelligence let him believe that he could fool everyone, and this arrogance led to him being a bit too overzealous in his portrayal of the loyal party member. I still think it a bit of a long shot, but that's one possibility you could consider. What I mean is, your subject of "animal suicide" is something people have probably heard about. Certainly, studying animal behaviour is something people have heard about. People can relate to the concept of teachers, classrooms, and so on. At this point, the reader's brain is establishing conventions with regards to what they're reading, and unless you've established reasons for this aversion to discussing suicide, the automatic reaction is to discount it as unrealistic because they think the rules of this world apply to your world. For such subtle differences between your fictitious world and the real world, the reader needs conventions established very early on that justify what they read! To answer your question about whether poetry would be constricted by the rigid rules of mathematics, it's worth keeping in mind that a lot of poetry is about rules and rigidity: meter, rhyme, form. Poetry strives for the same level of truth in beautiful, elegant, simple and minimal ways, very much like mathematics. It may seem counter-intuitive, but such rigidity in poetry frees oneself to be creative, forcing you to choose your words carefully, to say what you mean in the best, most succinct way possible. Edit: For more information on how the writing aspect works, see this blog post on their website: Crowdsourced Writing Projects on crowdSPRING In my view, this piece of writing exhibits two things you should avoid. In reality, what I suspect you're doing is really showing me what the character knows (this is demonstrated specifically when you say, later on "he knew" and "despite knowing", but from what I can tell most of the paragraph is really a description of what your character knows about the situation). I highly recommend reading Chuck Palahniuk's warning against using thought verbs, and rather unpack your prose: Franz Kafka says that "poetry is always a search for truth". Likewise, mathematics can be described as searching for truth, albeit with numbers. The same beauty and elegance one strives for in mathematics is no different to that which a poet seeks with words.