Nothing happens until the member resigns. About the only time this was an issue was in 1996, when the Senate Majority Leader, Bob Dole, decided he needed to tell people that he really, really wanted to be President. So, he resigned his Senate seat early in order to campaign. In the end, he lost the vote for the Presidency, and because he had resigned his seat, just had to go home. In the election of 1872, the ticket was intentionally flipped by faithless electors. Additionally, until William Jennings Bryan, who ran against William McKinley in 1896, most campaigns were "front porch campaigns", meaning they were rather low key affairs in which it was considered unseemly for the candidate to do anything other than give the occasional speech. Bryan, a young vibrant Populist at the time, rather shocked the establishment by delivering over 600 speeches and making in-person appearances. While he lost (and would go on to lose 4 more times), he nonetheless showed the power of personally crafting the messages which the new media that would soon follow (telegraph, radio, etc...) would exploit. In short, you can't because the Supreme Court has recognized the Right to Lie. In 2008, for example, both candidates, Barack Obama and John McCain, were sitting U.S. Senators (incidentally, it was the first such time this ever happened). Much of this (and a lot more) is sourced at My History Can Beat Up Your Politics, an excellent podcast on the history of the American Presidency, by Bruce Carlson. As such, I can find no way that politicians could be legally deprived of the right to lie. By mentioning the faithless elector issue, you've actually answered your own question. Electors are intentionally not required to vote for the candidate they were originally pledged to. (Ok, technically, there are laws against it in 29 states, but the fines are minimal). This allows electors to use their judgement if flipping the ticket is warranted. Running for office has no bearing on your current office in any way. It's only if you win that adjustments need to be made. The most likely precedent for such a law would be the Stolen Valor Act enacted by Congress in 2005. Here the Congress wanted to do something about people who made claims to certain military honors that in fact they didn't have. (Why this isn't simple fraud, I don't know.) The 12th Amendment is saying that the President and Vice President need to come from different states - not that the electors cannot vote for the "home state" candidate. Indeed, on average, most candidates receive their home state votes, and for much of the 19th century, this regional advantage was often considered when choosing candidates. As a second example, Paul Ryan, in 2012, ran two campaigns. In the first, he ran for vice-president, in the second, as a Congressman from Wisconsin. He won the latter, but not the former. Had they not done so, Cheney would have been disqualified, and Bush would have had to name another person as his VP. (In actuality, he would have had to convince the electoral college to vote for another VP candidate, but I suspect that would have been formality, seeing as they were to pledged to vote for Bush.) In 2012, the Supreme Court, however, decided that this law was unconstitutional, declaring in effect that people's free speech rights include the right to lie. In order to avoid the prohibition in the 12th amendment, Cheney had to quickly change his residency back to Wyoming (and sell his property), in order to avoid a lawsuit that had been filed. Eventually, a three-judge panel ruled that Cheney was, in fact, resident in Wyoming. At least in the United States, this wouldn't pass the free speech rulings of the Supreme Court. In fact, this was actually an issue in the election of 2000. While Dick Cheney had been a member of Congress from Wyoming, he was, in the year 2000, arguably a resident of Texas since he had property there. George W. Bush, governor of the same state, was as well. In that election, Grant decisively beat Horace Greeley, editor of the NY Times. Unfortunately, Greeley went mad and died just a few days later. Greeley actually carried six states, but only received 3 electoral votes because - as stated - he was "sort of dead and crazy". His running mate, Benjamin Brown received 18 votes - even though he was the Vice Presidential nominee. (Note: Another 42 of Greeley's pledged electors ended up supporting Thomas Hendricks) Technically, all but the three votes Greeley received were those of faithless electors - but this was mostly arrived at by consensus. (And, interestingly, the three faithful electors actually had their votes ultimately voided by Congress.) No law was needed, no procedure was broken, because these electors were able to respond to the situation and use their votes logically. It is probably one of the few times that most historians would point to as the electoral college actually preventing a crisis rather than creating one.