Finally, once a punishment is announced, enforce it. Make sure she doesn't walk away from it and if she does, punish for that. 

I have three recommendations for you: 

What works best for us is to get him back to napping. We try to react quickly so that he doesn't wake fully (if he does, the chance is gone). We also try to be very gentle and soft-spoken so that he's not urged into any kind of response - which would also further wake him. 

Given the family situation you mention, you might need to ensure (or keep) her trust. Show her that you're able to keep things separate -- her achievement is not lessened by her stealing, but rest assured that the stealing will be dealt with too! I would try to deal with this as two separate things, at two different times. So: 

Misbehaving includes throwing things; pulling plants' leaves; climbing and jumping on furniture; ramming his ride-on car into walls and furniture; running onto the street; etc. He knows he is breaking a rule, and misbehaves anyway - repeatedly, if he can. This takes quite a toll on mom, and needs to change. After all, even the most patient of parents can only lovingly correct him so many times. 

$100: You should give her back the $100 that she earned from you. You demonstrate good personality traits especially when it's against your interest to keep your promise. Notice the comments by deworde and Beofett! 

Second, the stealing. This is serious. Your question doesn't explicitly say from where she stole the goods but I will assume that she stole it from a store, not from your room. This is a criminal offense, and no small value, either! If she had been caught, she'd be facing problems. Serious problems. With "The Law." 

Mom is at her wits' end, and needs a workable solution. Help! 

If that's not enough, put the child in time-out for a while: One minute per year of age is a basic rule of thumb; adjust as needed. 

I realize that we don't know her age, so perhaps she's really too young to grasp how big her mistake was. But I'm thinking that if she were that young, she wouldn't have stolen makeup. Perhaps I'm guessing poorly. 

TL;DR version: Toddler doesn't understand disciplining. Help needed. 

I can't think of any situation where it might be appropriate or constructive in any way. I got slapped on the cheek sometimes when I was a kid, but I never felt it was helpful in any way. I think it was a combination of parents' exasperation and not thinking fast enough to realize the ineffectiveness and stop themselves. 

I'll try to come back and edit my answer when the question is updated (see "updates" below!), but here's a start: 

Before you punish, learn her point of view: 

I find myself sometimes grabbing my toddler that way too; just holding him so he can't move much, or lifting him away from harm's way. I hope it's not a bad thing! 

As a parent, your authority should not be ignored without some form of punishment, and this is something you can train. Toddlers need immediate feedback because they can't connect cause and consequence if the consequence comes much later. So the next time you're ignored, you must act -- you must escalate. 

If we succeed in this, he's much happier for the rest of the day, and the bedtime is also much easier because "overtired" children don't want to sleep. 

But he is often misbehaving when he's only supervised by mom. I'm feeling certain that mom demonstrates more than reasonable patience, and that the relevant rules are enforced with >97% consistency, so I don't think that mom needs to change herself. I think the level of disciplining needs to go up, but how? 

One threat you might choose to use is that if you ever catch her stealing again, you'll walk her to the store manager and have her confess. Depending on the crime, and the mood of the person you speak to, this can result in a slap on the wrist, or actual charges. Be careful. 

Punishment: She doesn't seem to have understood her fault, or doesn't understand that actions always have consequences. As the saying goes, "when you pick up one end of a stick, the other end always comes with it." Criminal offenses are much worse than putting a dent in mom's car, or eating a sibling's candy. Make your best effort to explain why her suggested punishments aren't appropriate, and then explain why (insert your suggestion) is a suitable punishment. Listen to her complaints about your suggestion and pick her arguments apart with logic and reason. 

As others are saying as well, this will most often not lead to perfect obedience (which would be scary!). My toddler is no angel either and we often repeat ourselves, but we do try to use the above technique as often as we can, and we try to praise him when he does things right away. 

At 22 months, our toddler is incredibly active and always has been. He's also mostly very well-behaved, especially when being babysat alone with grandma, or when dad or others are around -- even to the point of carrying his dishes to the sink and such. 

Learning her motivation is important because you can't adjust behavior if you don't know what causes it. Once you know this, seek her cooperation to think up other ways to achieve what she wants. Be constructive, helpful. Next time she wants (whatever), get her to tell you and then you can make a plan together -- perhaps she can ask you for another challenge so she can earn some money, or do some extra house chores for money. 

Because you're not her mother, I can't know how much authority you really have, so adjust your suggested punishment to the level that you can personally enforce.