When to use a low-value range There is no time when an exclusively low value range is optimal. The purpose of including low value hands in a range is to extract additional value from high value hands, or to play more hands in general against opponents that fold too often. In the first case, you need high value hands in your range to make the strategy work. In the second, there is no reason to limit yourself to low value hands. When the person that will be the small blind busts out, the button stays where it was, and the 2 people to the button's left each pay big blinds. On the next hand, those 2 players each pay a small blind, and the person to their left pays a big blind. This results in a standard small and big blind, plus the button paying a small blind. On the next hand, normal blinds resume. Effective stacks remaining are around $420. Hero checks. Villain instantly shoves all in. Running it twice isn't really part of any official poker rules, so it will always follow the house rule. I would prefer that known cards not be reshuffled between - if the point is variance reduction, which it usually is, you have a better chance of realizing your true equity if the cards are not reshuffled. Table Stacks: Hero (BB) 600 Villain (CO) ~650 Limpers have 200-300 There is no reason to deviate from standard procedure of burning a card before the flop, turn, and river when dealing with an all-in situation - it saves nothing and can only cause confusion. A similar place where a polarized range can be useful is a flop check-raising situation. When the board comes out K 8 4 rainbow, and you check-raise, you are representing a very strong range - mainly sets, possibly AK. To balance that range, you can add hands like small pocket pairs or missed suited connectors - these hands have little-to-no value against the range that your opponent will continue with. Preflop: Hero dealt Q♢ Q♣ 2 limpers to Villain in CO who makes it 13. Button and SB fold, Hero raises to 33, 2 folds, Villain calls. Please note that these are the "official" rules. Each casino or home-game organizers can make up their own rules. However, you'll rarely see this, since it's pretty standard. This is a rare occurrence but, if it happens, then it's not a mistake to fold pocket Aces. Your chance of winning is less than 50 % and, since the bubble is about to burst, it makes sense. I usually never play 22-55 unless I'm deep enough (at least 40 BB). When it comes to 66-88, the value increases a bit so you can play the hand a little more often. 1). The last-aggressor situation. Now, let's do it for 8 players. If you give 1 random card to each one, there will be: Let's strip it down to its core: Pocket pairs are good because if you go against an opponent that doesn't have a pocket pair, he needs to hit the flop/turn/river somehow in order to have showdown value. You don't have to connect to the flop to do this, because you already have a pair. Now here's the key point: The next time you want to give to each of your 3 OR 8 players a card, the probability for each of them of getting a club, diamond, heart or spade is still 1/4, EVEN THOUGH there may be more or less cards in the deck. This applies when there is some betting activity on the river. Let's take some examples: Given the fact that you had a 9 and there were 2 other 9's on the flop, I think it would be safe to assume that your opponent doesn't have the fourth 9. The probability of this is just very low. As it turns out, he did have the fourth 9... and it could've ended a lot worse :) .