No fatigue will touch them therein, nor from it will they be removed. Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. A group arose, they advised the people to refrain from these transgressions and seperated themselves. They built a wall to divide the town. 

Luke 3:2 during the high-priesthood of Annas and Caiaphas, the word of God came to John son of Zechariah in the wilderness. 

Abrogation is when one revealed command is replaced by another, so the first one is no longer acted upon (it was meant for a specific period to address a certain issue) and the second one is to be acted upon. 

Is it likely that the sana'a manuscript was an accepted reading of the Quran? Jesus was called Isa ibn Maryam (Jesus son of Mary) because it was the tradition of his people (the semitic Jews) to add the parents name with their names. Jesus didn't have a father or a son, so his sole blood relation would be his mother, Mary. Mujahid has narrated in his Tafsir that only their hearts were transformed and their intellect was made like that of monkeys. As far as I know this hasn't been said by any other Muffassir. And Allah knows best. 

In Muhammad Asad's translation of the Quran; The Message of the Qur'an he translates the verses 3:65-67 accordingly: 

It is relevant because the Quran is from the muslim point of view from GOD. So God is saying I KNOW, you don't know, Abraham wasn't following what you claim to be following, but rather he was "one who turned away from all that is false, having surrendered himself unto God; and he was not of those who ascribe divinity to aught beside Him. 3:67". This definition about Abraham is how he is described in the Quran and the other books, while for instance the Christian doctrine about the trinity would contradict this definition. That is also why it is said "and he was not of those who ascribe divinity to aught beside Him. (wa ma kana mina almushrikin)" 

Lo! You are the ones who would argue about that which is known to you; but why do you argue about something which is unknown to you? [52] Yet God knows [it], whereas you do not know: - 3:66 (Asad) - But to the Israelites, in the law, only some animals were permitted ( Quran 4:160 and Quran 6:146 ): 

Further, the entirety of the gospels being the Injil is a problematic concept, since the Injil is supposed to be revelation of God to Jesus( 3:48 and 19:30 ), whereas the current gospels are claimed to be human recounts of Jesus's life by the disciples. 

Fakhruddin Razi writes in Tafsir al Kabir: Yes, it sort of does. Though it does not necessarily imply that all Christians believe that, nor is it explicitly stated that the established concept of Trinity is the divinity of God, Jesus and Mary(rather than the Holy Spirit). Indeed the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) interacted with diverse sects that were present in his region at his time and they had diverse beliefs. 

Quran 2:116 They say, " Allah has taken a son." Exalted is He! Rather, to Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and the earth. All are devoutly obedient to Him,