Would you be happier cleaning a bunch of stuff out and getting a shiny new bike that reflects all you've learned? One that will "just work," or It is likely that what you've got is a hex (Allen) head nut & bolt, similar to this seat post binder bolt. If you are lucky you may be able to work it free by loosening the undamaged side. To do that you will need to find way to keep the other side from moving. This could be easy or a real pain. 

I tend to lean towards the build side, but that's partly because I can't afford the bike I really want… For riding on roads slick tires are nice, they give you the largest contact area for a given tire size. You need to balance that against durability and availability. Tires like the Schwalbe Marathon are built for durability, but aren't really slicks (at least not in the sense of a tire like the Kojak). Do look for a tire with a "slick" strip down the middle which is where you'll be riding most of the time. 

If you approach it as a learning experience with a budget, I think you can easily get by for $300. 

As I was looking at the brakes, I noticed that the pads seem to be closer to the rotor at the outside (like their resting configuration is 'V' shaped). As I adjust the pads I start to hear dragging sounds well before the brake travel is reasonable (the lever will go all the way to the bars, and I can move the wheel by hand when the lever is bottomed out). There seems to be a reasonable (i.e., way more than the runout in the disc) amount of space between the pads and the disc where I can see. Just take it slow and fix things one at a time, aiming for a bike that you're not afraid to ride in an empty parking lot, then for one that shifts, and so on… The bottom bracket. It used to be that frame builders were tending towards 68 mm wide bottom brackets with British threads, but now there is a whole new generation of bottom bracket designs, so you may find that you'll either need to pick a frame to match your old one, or get a new one. 

For an old bike that's been flooded you should probably think about: 

The significant numbers are the "50-559" which translate to 26" x 1.90" – my best guess is that what you're seeing is a molding problem that causes the '6' to look like a '5'. The 50-559 is the ISO size of the tire. The first number is the width (50 mm) and the second is the "bead seat diameter" (559 mm). I'm trying to track down a dragging sound from some Avid BB-7 brakes on a Kona Sutra. The hub is a Shimano Alfine DH-S501 dynamo hub with an SM-RT82 Centerlock disc. The noise sounds like a dragging pad, but, so far, I've been unable to make it go away. Here's what I've done so far: