Most applicable to your example is this section of the 14th Amendment, which uses this same convention: Would it be reasonable to pass a new law? The election is currently scheduled to take place in 9 days. Should Congress pass a law unusually quickly, the President would need to sign it before it had any legitimacy (or the President would have to veto it and Congress would need to override that veto). Unless the President and Congress are both completely on board, this is highly unlikely to happen. This question is inspired by a comment that jpmc26 left on my answer here. The comment says: A second category of protections are ascribed to "the people" - a term which does not delineate between citizens and non-citizens. For example, the Second Amendment says: If voters decide this issue is important, they can choose not to vote or vote for someone else. Not Citizen-Specific Most other protections are extended to non-citizens. A lengthy discussion was published in the Thomas Jefferson Law Review, but really it's self-evident from the text of the Constitution. For example, first-amendment freedoms are really a prohibition for what Congress can do: Conclusion There is not any singular definition of terrorism in the United States. Different agencies and different laws will have entirely different and contradictory definitions. The FBI is a part of the Department of Justice (DoJ). Within the Department, the Department Ethics Office issues guidance on professional ethics. In addition to these department-specific requirements, FBI employees may also have ethical obligations from their profession (for example, a lawyer may still inherit obligations from being a lawyer). There is no single official U.S. definition of terrorism. Rather, each agency or law has its own definition which may conflict with other definitions. Congress sets the date of the election The same article gives Congress the ability to set the specific date of the election. They have met this obligation through a law (US Code Title 3, Chapter 1, Section 1) which says: The Current President's Term Must End No matter what else happens, Article II, Section I of the Constitution sets the President and Vice President's terms at 4 years. Whether there is a new election or not, they must vacate their offices January 20. HR6 was introduced February 10, and the committee scheduled it's hearing on March 10. Maryland's electronic system includes no updates since then, so it's likely dead in committee. However, Maryland doesn't include meeting agendas or other information online, so I can't tell for sure what happened at that meeting. State legislatures may not be in session, which means it would be impractical for them to change their laws this quickly. We can only speculate what would happen, but it would likely mean a sleepless night for Attorney Generals across the nation. It could mean that state elections happen on the required date, but federal elections happen on a new day. Some Constitutional protections also apply to non-U.S. citizens. In Kansas, any felony can be considered terrorism under the right circumstances, not just violent ones! Unlike the federal definitions, it does not include the objective furthering a social cause, which is another significant difference. For discussion, let's suppose they passed this act and it became effective on Monday, October 31st. At this point, states and parties have already heavily advertised the date of the election, election sites have been chosen and election workers hired (or recruited) for those dates. Changing the date of the election would require a massive amount of coordination and likely be perceived as unreasonable by the states and parties. Certainly a statute or regulation could be created which allows the FCC (or someone else) to apply this kind of thing on a case-by-case basis, but no such provision exists yet. Fortunately for us, they have published their guidance online. There are probably two sections you would want to take a look at: Therefore, for the Department of Justice, a mass shooting is not terrorism unless it promotes some political or social goal. So the text of the Constitution specifies when citizenship matters. That the writers did not apply the concept of citizenship to all these other kinds of protections is evidence that it was not meant to be citizen-specific (according to the T.J. Law Review). So ISPs which offer inter-state or international internet service ('communication by wire or radio') are common carriers, and therefor fall under the Title II Sec.202(a) restriction. State Laws Many states also have laws which set the election date. For example, Kansas has KSA 25-101(a), which requires an election every-other year on the same date as the federal election. This answer is specific to the Maryland legislative process. In U.S. policy, when are military personnel not combatants? Dept. of Justice According to the FBI website: This is entirely different from the definition in the CFR. For example, any attack on military targets is never terrorism, and only subnational or clandestine groups can be terrorists. Maryland has some restrictions on bills based on when they are introduced. Any bill may be freely introduced in the first 90 days of the year (January 11 - April 10, 2017). However, any bill introduced after the first 24 or 31 days (depending on which chamber we are talking about) must first go through a rules committee.