Also the older child is now even more interested in breastfeeding then ever before on seeing her sibling feed , this inspite of the older child getting enough external foods. The older child feeds more frequently and for longer duration clearly showing competing behavior. I read on the internet that giving tea to infants can cause iron absorption problems, the problem is our infant of 9 months loves tea , as we gave her a sip when she demanded it and now she wants it whenever she sees a cup. The podee bottle feeder seems to be an interesting invention going by the reviews on amazon. Unfortunately this is not available in our country , hence still searching for DIY solutions for this. Thus Is it a wise thing to get babies quickly without leaving much gaps? The reason I ask this is that the first year of the infant requires constant attention which means all time goes in the infant grooming which makes us to think to utilize this time for another pregnancy thus parallely saving precious time? As per the recommendation of the other answer by Mary , we tried crackers(biscuit) as teethers and it worked quite well since if some piece broke while gnawing then it instantly disintegrated with the infant saliva. Also carrots worked well but we had to monitor it. What are the pros and cons of planning babies in a quick succession and then stopping it altogether. e.g: planing one baby per year and then stopping at number three. Interested to know some guidelines for parents who would like to go for extended breastfeeding. One threat we see to this is reduction of breastmilk as I have heard from many mothers that their milk supply reduced towards the end of the year some of them lost it too in the first year itsef, so how to counter this and what are some other problems and solutions that would help us smoothly follow extended breastfeeding . I was looking for some exercises , games for 6-7 month old infants that would help them exercise their motor skills and cognition. Since such infants can't even sit or rollover without support, what types of games, toys etc would help in their mental development? Another one which appears to work well as shown in their videos, probably this can be done DIY: Do any device exist to automatically feed the baby milk like how a IV (glucose line) continously drips glucose water , I have infact seen a similar apparatus (not like how I want) in breast pump manuals as additional gear, but I dont know what it is called but it was connected to breast for mothers who could not get the milk out. Is it normal for an Eight month infant female to not yet control her body and fall over if no support is given? She can sit for few seconds(10-20) but it seems she does not like sitting much and just falls over purposely. And hence cant leave her in the sitting position without supervision. She gets stiff and prefers to stand with full support rather then sit with the partial support. Also our baby loves to gnaw a ripe jackfruit bulb. It seems to be the closest teether alternative which feels like the artificial ones, ofcourse you need to deseed it before giving the infant a large bulb. After some search I got this podee bottle feeder which seems to be something similar to what I was searching for. Also the picture I saw on in the manuals was this , and is called SNS generally used by adoptive mothers: Note: Tea here is the typical Indian tea made from the tea plant called Camellia sinensis and milk Does a newborn infant of 2 wk get enough nutrition from the breast milk which is also fed to a older child of one year in tandem nursing? Our pediatrician said that the better quality milk made for newborn is unnecessarily taken up by the older child, which may cause the newborn to not get the sufficient nutrition. But the local La leche representative did not object to tandem nursing and allowed it. So what are the evidence based guidelines , pros and cons of tandem nursing infants of different ages?