The number you indicate in your question is more like a serial number. I can't find anything for that, but personally I'd use the abbreviated rule for numerals in general, using numerals and letters and not spelling them out. Unless the character's name were something short like the robots in Star Wars, where (for example) R2-D2 becomes "Artoo" for short. However, the horizontal list should be used sparingly, since one with more than two or three items tough to parse. In terms of ranges: Most style guides suggest using an en or em dash (not two hyphens in a row) for these. Longer, unambiguous formats are preferred from the standpoint of being clear, but they take up more room (an issue in a resume, especially when formatting them for a single page) and can look clumsy to some audiences. Just because a shift in expression or body language happens quickly doesn't mean you have to describe it quickly. You could expand the above to something more descriptive. For example: None of these are correct or incorrect, but my optimal way to say it would be without parentheses or dashes; the former are hard to use well, and the latter are overused in modern fiction. Manuscripts in any variant of standard manuscript format will separate sections by either an empty line or three asterisks. However, when these fall at the end or the beginning of a page, they're easy to miss, so writers will often use lines of asterisks or similar symbols. Scrivener's default pound sign is fine for this purpose. You clearly are well-educated, and given that, the kinds of mistakes you are making are simple ones that you should be able to identify yourself. You should slow down and proofread more carefully. Errors like this make it look as if you rushed through your writing, and only did one draft. (It's also worth noting that capitalizing nouns that are not proper nouns can feel old fashioned --this was once quite common in English, but does not match the modern style. If you are deliberately seeking a old-fashioned feel, it might be the right choice.) Once you've established that yes, people do in fact buy books like yours, the task shifts to showing why the world needs another entry in that category (in other words, what makes your book special). Other than that, you're limited to using brief sections of the antagonist POV that could work as well for X as for Y. The one good side of that is you could use those sections to drop subtle clues about the antagonist's true identity. Personally I think a certain amount of conveying tone through punctuation is acceptable even in formal writing. However, it should be extremely sparing. In general, you never want your punctuation to call attention to itself, it should be almost invisible in the service of meaning. For your first statement, you're just missing "of" after because. Perhaps this darkness, despite coming from the same source, varied for person to person. This suggested improvement instead makes it sound like you are willing and eager to learn from others. This does the same thing, but I think it is better, because it highlights the hard work you will do to accomplish your goal. In this particular case, it might make it hard to suspend disbelief for readers, so you should address it. It would be one thing if you were leaving technology out for the whole story --readers might come to accept that as a kind of alternate reality --but since your conclusion requires it, you need to make sure its sudden appearance in your story doesn't call unwanted attention to itself. The point of this is to help the person judging the proposal know how to position and sell your book. If there are other books in the same general space, it shows that there is a pre-existing market. This may be harder to demonstrate for a book that is well and truly unique --unfortunately in today's marketplace, no one wants to be a pioneer. On the other hand, however, even the most experimental book typically has "distant cousins" it may resemble. The thing to remember is that ultimately the question isn't really what books are like yours?, it's what audience will buy your book? A book quite different from yours could be a good comparison if it has the same audience. None of these is written in stone. But - as you said - violating them may be frustrating for the reader. Some best detective and strategy (Chessmaster trope warning! TV Tropes link!) novels have absolutely zero coincidence. They are duels of wits, a game with firm rules and moves chosen as optimal. Contingencies, backup plans, backups of backup plans, foreseeing the next move of the opponent or even manipulating them into making it - a perfectly deterministic setup with zero randomness. No rules. But some guidelines: If you merely use it to optimize readability, you will crop a lot of flavour of the text just in order to pass verbatim data. It's like you took a painting and tried to determine which contrast settings make it most readable. Of course pulling the contrast way up, making all detail stand out sharply will make the painting very readable. It will also murder any dreamy atmosphere, tricks of light or moods it conveys. You optimize for information and kill all the feelings.