If the Sacrament of Marriage is entered into, then God is by definition involved and the Church by its own rules CANNOT be the instrument of its dissolution. The Church neither supports nor condones divorce in such a case. In that case the Church will not issue a Decree of Nullity. 

ยง2. If the excommunication has been imposed or declared, the offender: 1/ who wishes to act against the prescript of ยง1, n. 1 must be prevented from doing so, or the liturgical action must be stopped unless a grave cause precludes this; 

The church holds that the two remain married unless as a result of the investigation and ruling of a Tribunal, a defect is uncovered that demonstrates that the sacrament was not in fact entered into/conferred upon the couple. 

The authority of a Pope: his utterances, encyclicals, and commentaries can be authoritative without having to be ex cathedra. He is the Head of the Church, and the Head of the Magisterium of the Church, which is the church's ultimate teaching authority. That this quote is in accord with a previous proceeding of the Synod argues that there isn't a conflict. 

The Italicized portion comes from Jeremiah 1:5. 

There are two different things going in those passages in Luke Those two narratives aren't necessarily pointing toward what happens in Heaven, as there are varying interpretations to what is meant by the arrival of the Kingdom of God. Since you asked for a Catholic viewpoint, and this topic comes up a lot during the RCIA ministry, here's an explanation that tries to put those two different chapters in Luke into context. 

From the Vatican II council, Lumen Gentium, 16 we find: 

The core of the answer you've already touched on: Jesus explains the call to believe, even if you haven't seen, in John 20: 25-29 via doubting Thomas. 

This encyclical follows up on the work of Pope Benedict and Pope John Paul II in putting forth a position that mankind needs to take better care of the world. It doesn't try to equate the disasters spelled out in the book of Revelation with current environmental challenges. The appeal is to an ethical approach to mankind's role as stewards of the gift we have been given by God: the world. 

In describing the Eucharist as a prayer (per the Pope's citation) rather than as a rite or a celebration of thanksgiving, Pope Benedict names it both an act of prayer and then discusses other forms of prayer. His meaning (in context) is that the Eucharist is also a a form of prayer. (Usually, a great collective prayer).