The best way to minimize the time needed to get higher quality gems (which is ultimately what you will go for - even if you want to farm low-level gems) is to go to higher difficulties as fast as possible, since stronger enemies will have a higher chance of dropping higher-level gems. As a bonus, you can always kind of see what areas you haven't explored yet in the minimap to the upper right of the screen. When comparing a two-handed weapon in your inventory with two one-handed weapons like this: From my perspective it now seems like this is likely something that Blizzard just hasn't focused that much time on, or they weren't able to come up with a better solution. Clearly it would've been possible to achieve the same goals, while keeping the same restrictions and also while making the lifes of players a little more comfortable. If you want some real advice, though: The best merchants are players. If you're looking for good items, check the auction house. The items might be expensive, but you will get good items, and sometimes still for relatively low cost, way ahead of the quality that you're going to get from merchants (especially rares). This patch replaced the existing difficulty system (which did not scale) with a "Monster Power" style difficulty system. This means that as the game host levels up, the overall difficulty of the game rescales to the new level. Your only solution in this instance will be to contact Blizzard support via phone - they will need to verify who you are and then they'll be able to update these details on your account so you can regain access. Diamond Skin is classified as an absorption effect, so you can use an armour effect like Storm Armour along with Diamond Skin with no problems at all. In version 1.0.2 (current at the time of writing) with a full five stacks of Nephalem Valor, you are guaranteed two rares from a "Boss" (superunique) kill in addition to greatly increasing the chance that others will drop due to the additional magic find bonus. While Grave Injustice does not reduce the cooldown for the cheat-death proc, it will stack with the cooldown reduction for abilities such as Spirit Walk. It varies from recipe to recipe. Level 60 legendary recipes will be item level 60+. Level 60 rares from recipes will also have an item level within this range. The items you learn while levelling blacksmithing are lower than this range so without collecting recipes you will not be able to make any worthwhile end game gear using your blacksmith. However these critical hits do not appear to trigger the effects of the Night Stalker passive. So yes - you can use immunity abilities to get these achievements, and a fluke dodge will count towards the achievement as well. Your companions are able to land critical hits, and their critical hit chance appears to be inherited from the player (including Sharpshooter). When you log back in you will be in town, as per normal instances when you join a new game. The difference in DPS in this instance is caused by the Increased Attack Speed statistic on your quiver. Really the only stats on the shield you're currently using that are even relevant to Demon Hunters is the Vitality (health points) and resistances (not really that important depending on build, as they're physical resistance).