It was this image of Eve as a deceiving temptress that left a negative legacy for women throughout both Judaism and Christendom.Again, the Islamic conception of woman is radically different. The Quran clarifies that Satan was the only deceiver in the story of the Garden, while Adam and Eve receive equal blame for their disobedience. There is not the slightest hint that Eve was the first to eat the forbidden fruit or that she tempted Adam to do so. Both Adam and Eve committed a sin, asked God for His Forgiveness, and He duly bestowed it: 

See these ahadith which would In Sha Allah clarify your doubt , 

Hazrat Ibn Abbas Ra who got the title of Tarjuman ul Quran as his Tafsir expertise He stated that in this ayah the bounty refers to Ilm (Knowledge) and Mercy refers to Prophet Muhammad ﷺ. 

Imam Ibn Hajar alAsqalani (Ra) said in Sharh of Sahi Bukhari "fath ul Bari" Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. References from Ahadith We could see the importance of Birthday of prophet Muhammdﷺ from this hadith 

Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamah believe that Prophets are alive in their graves as mentioned in hadith similarly Allah Swt has said about Martyrs that they are alive and dont consider them dead. 

From some narrations we get to know that blessed hairs of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him were distributed among his companions and later on it is transferred among the generations and preserved. 

Now as you stated about God like attribute "to consider alive as shirk" so regarding this when we consider someone to be alive it is not "Shirk" as we are alive yet but it could be if someone claims that He is alive from the beginning and he was not created later and this is called as HAADITH(Something which was not before but created later) so Allah Swt is from beginning but no body else is like that. 

4- All Attributes of Allah Swt are immortal.(Ghair mumkin ul Fana) Now see this please for more clarification, 

All Praise to Allah Subhan o Taala and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions 

Now in Surah Al-Imran verse 81 Allah Swt talks about an event where all prophets were present and Allah Swt mentions arrival or birth of a Prophet Muhammad ﷺ The Prophet peace be upon him instructed men to deal with women in a good manner. He said in his famous farewell sermon delivered at `Arafah: “They said: ‘Our Lord! We have wronged our own souls and if You forgive us not and do not bestow upon us Your Mercy, we shall certainly be lost.” (Quran 7:22-23) References from Quran In Surah Younis (10:58) Allah Swt says Also see the Fatwa from Daralifta Misr http://www.dar-alifta.org/ViewFatwa.aspx?ID=140&LangID=2 (When the news of (the birth of) a female is brought to any of them, his face becomes dark, and he is filled with inward grief! He hides himself from the people because of the evil (and shame) of that which he has been informed. Shall he keep her with dishonor, or bury her in the dirt? Certainly, evil is their decision...) (16:59 Quran) Allah Swt and his Messenger knows best There are 50 muslim Majority countries in the world out of which 47 countries (except for Saudi arab and Qatar) Alhudulillah celebrate birth of prophet Muhammad peace be upon him and 47 countries announces official Holiday on this special day.(These countries from Asia are Afghanistan,Bangladesh,Brunei,India,Indonesia,Pakistan,Malaysia,Sirilanka,Uzbekistan,,,,From Middle East are Bahrain,Iraq,Iran,Jordan,Kuwait,lebanon,Iraq,Palestine,Syria,UAE,Yemen,Except for SaudiaArab,Qatar,Israil all eleven out of 14 Arab countries officially celebrate Mawlid or Milad.From Africa Egypt,Algeria,Mali,Libiya,Morocco,Mauritania,Niger,Nigeria,Senegal,binin,Barkinafaso,Comoros,Cameron,Djibouti,Eritria,CoteDilwoire,Ethiopia,gambia,Ghana,Guinea,Sierraleone,Somalia,Sudan,tanzania, Togo,Tunisia,,,,Other Than these Fiji and Guyana also officially celebrate Birth of our beloved Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him.So more than 85% of world Islamic population Celebrate and recieve blessings of Allah Swt. 

So when someone says Ya Ayyuhan Nabi In tasshahud calling to Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him sending Salam considering alive in grave,it is not considered as Shirk at all. 3- Every Attribute of Allah Swt is infinite.(La mahdood) The best answer in this context is that Prophet (Peace be upon him) is alive in his grave and death will never reach him , but he will remain alive due to this fact that the Prophets remain alive in their graves. 

This situation of women in the Arab society led Umar ibn al-Khattab, the second Caliph of the Muslims (may Allah exalt their mention) to say, as reported by Muslim: 

As the Arabs, in the days of pre-Islamic ignorance, used to feel sad when informed of the birth of a female child, the Prophet peace be upon him promised those who have daughters of great reward from Allah.He says: 

The Prophet (PBUH) respected women and dealt with them in a very unique way, so that when women complained to him that they couldn’t listen to his lessons as much as men, he dedicated a day per week for teaching them and informing them of their duties and rights. 

And do not say about those who are killed in the way of Allah , "They are dead." Rather, they are alive, but you perceive [it] not.(Quran 2:154) 

"These hairs, along with other prophetic relics, have been mentioned throughout Islamic history as being passed through the possession of various people, and migrating with them to various Islamic lands." for more visit this http://seekershub.org/ans-blog/2014/03/07/preservation-of-the-prophets-hair-and-seeking-blessings-through-it/ 2- All attributes of Allah Swt are forever.(Abadi)* "By Allah, we didn't use to think that women had anything until Allah revealed about them what He revealed in the Qur'an, and distributed to them what He distributed..."(Bukhari) 

So it is Sunnah of Allah Swt to hold these gatherings where we do remebrance of His Messenger. All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best