Three Nexus 8 hubs failed at 5000km each. I had a Shimano Nexus 8 in a single-speed MTB fram that I commuted on for a few years. I only did about 5000km/year, the the hub only lasted a year. Fortunately Shimano replaced it under warranty - new internals only, so it was an easy swap. Unfortunately that one also failed after about a year. Even worse, Shitmano said "warranty replacement items have no further warranty" and even though I was still inside the original two year warranty, refused to replace it. Fortunately my LBS agreed to replace it at their cost. Unfortunately... that one also lasted a year. At that point Shitmano no longer made the exact hub that I had, the new Nexus 8 had the same name but different internals and I would have had to rebuild the wheel. So I sold the broken hub to someone who wanted it for parts. 

I swap the Rohloff between my touring and load bikes (406 wheel rather than 559). Initially I was only doing about 2-3 thousand kilometres a year on that wheel round town, plus a tour, but they were hard on the hub - I regularly had rolling weights over 250kg and I'm a fairly powerful cyclist. Later I built a commuter bike and I use the Rohloff in that for my usual 6-8 thousand km of commuting as well as touring. I bought that hub in about 2001 and in 15 years I doubt I've ever done less than 5000km/year on it. 

Whichever solution you pursue, the mechanic that did this installation should have noticed the assembly failure and advised you to of your options rather than letting you ride off with an unsecured cassette. 

For your frame, it sounds like the Park Tool directions for securing bosses on carbon frames should work equally well. The top mount on the seat-tube is also the easiest to repair using this method, so you're in luck. 

There are clearly some incompatibilities between your cassette body and and the new small cog that it's butting up against, as well as the additional protrusions on the back of the cassette. 

Your best solution is probably to purchase a new cassette, as compatibility with an 8-speed cassette body using the 4.5mm spacer will then be correct. If price is particularly a sensitive matter, you could alternatively modify the spacer you have to fit appropriately. Off-the-shelf spacers for this situation don't exist, unfortunately. It looks like you'd need to notch it for the three prongs on the back as well as remove a small amount of material to account for the protrusions on the front of the hub. 

Bosses in aluminum frames are typically rivet nuts, aka "pem nuts", which have a head that should be too large to slip back into the frame. 

You are correct in that the small cog must fully engage against the splines and it does not appear from your third photo is that it will be able to. Though the LBS put the spacer in the correct place, they apparently missed some other fundamental incompatibility. A new 7-speed cassette will work correctly with a 4.5mm spacer; but there were so many variants of older cassettes that it is difficult to be certain what will work. 

In a bike shop I worked in we regularly maintained old two and three speed Sturmey-Archer hubs from the 1950's (and other similar hubs)and some of those had been ridden regularly for more than half a century. We were known as having a good supply of parts and knowledge so we saw a lot of them - people would travel some distance to bring their bikes in. Some of those hubs had worn parts that I didn't think would wear much at all, so they'd been used a lot. 

If your bracket is bending you need another one. Your LBS or local bike fix crew might have a box of light mounting bits you can go through, and that's generally the easy way. This is where having access to a vice and power drill is helpful, or it's going to be cheaper to get the bike shop to do the work for you. $20 in labour cost is easier than buying a cheap vice and not having any further use for it afterwards. 

But it might not be, the photo is not really clear. The thread is quite fine so it can be hard to get it started. If the thread is damaged you're going to have to fix or replace it, so it's worth spending a bit of time trying to get it to screw on. 

Three Nexus 8 hubs failed at 5000km each. I had a Shimano Nexus 8 in a single-speed MTB fram that I commuted on for a few years. I only did about 5000km/year, the the hub only lasted a year. Fortunately Shimano replaced it under warranty - new internals only, so it was an easy swap. Unfortunately that one also failed after about a year. Even worse, Shitmano said "warranty replacement items have no further warranty" and even though I was still inside the original two year warranty, refused to replace it. Fortunately my LBS agreed to replace it at their cost. Unfortunately... that one also lasted a year. At that point Shitmano no longer made the exact hub that I had, the new Nexus 8 had the same name but different internals and I would have had to rebuild the wheel. So I sold the broken hub to someone who wanted it for parts.