I've been hearing about a Pokémon Go event that's happening this week for Halloween. What exactly is going to happen? Even if you catch 20 Magikarp and then a raid boss Magikarp in a single day, you'll be able to tell which one was the raid boss by checking what ball was used to capture it. Based on this post, it looks like aside from the Gastly, Drowzee, and Zubat, the Meowth and Cubone lines also have a bumped spawn rate during this event. As of yesterday, November 21, 2016, many Pokémon had their CP either raised or lowered. Which ones had their CP changed? That is, if you were to switch Squirtle A with 10km walked for Squirtle B with 5km walked, Squirtle B's total distance walked would appear as 5km walked, rather than 15km walked. This is how it has always worked. Letters with accents are distinct from letters without them, so if a Pokémon's name or other search term is accented, you must use the accented character for the search to return the proper results. Apparently there is a bug that actually does reset your progress when you evolve. Powering up your Pokémon will increase their level by 0.5 (to an absolute maximum of 40, or by 1 up to 80, depending on who you ask), which will increase its stats. As noted in the comments, the maximum level of your Pokémon is capped by your current trainer level. For each time your trainer levels up, you are able to power your Pokémon up two additional times. To strengthen your Pokémon, you need to power them up with the appropriate candy and stardust. Note: While Meowth has increased spawns during this event, apparently, Persian does not. As discussed in the comments below, this is most useful if you only hang onto one or two Magikarp at a time. If you like to keep a lot of Magikarp on hand (I'm not judging), the easiest way to keep track of which is which might be to just give nicknames to the ones you want to differentiate from the rest. My son got Up-grade on first spin of the day today (not 7-day). Maryland, USA. Take two of my Magikarp for example: How quickly does this motivation meter degrade on its own? That is, how long will a Pokémon defend a gym naturally? Nope, only one berry can be used at a time during a Pokémon encounter, as mentioned in this Reddit thread: 7th day spin for me this morning too, I got an Up-Grade While a bit counter-intuitive, training at a gym is beneficial for the gym, rather than your Pokémon. The "training" you're thinking of is "powering up" in this game. Users in this thread have also been reporting how many spins it took them to find their first evolutionary item (or not): Type: Searching by "type" or "type, type" (can also use a semicolon or colon) will return all Pokémon with that typing (multiple types will return all of type A and all of type B, not only Pokémon with typing A/B, though those would show up as well). If you are looking at a FEMALE and have not evolved a FEMALE - then the silhouette is still a silhouette CP and HP: Searching for CP/HP number ranges is done by searching for "cp###-###" or "hp###-###" and will return all Pokémon with CP/HP in the queried range. If this is an indicator that the badges have helped you capture the Pokémon (which is what many people think), it, at the very least, shows that the badges are doing something to affect your catch rate. For a visual representation of what happens: I can confirm this behavior on iOS (the article seems to only mention Android). Music playing will no longer have its volume lowered or muted when using the updated app. I believe this happens because the badges actually had an effect on catching that specific Pokémon - something like "look, you only caught this one because of the badges you have." Valor, the bonus item text is red. In the case of a Pokémon being a dual-type (Magnemite (Steel/Electric)), you will receive a bonus catch rate equal to the average of your catch rate bonuses for each type. For example, if you have a Bronze Depot Agent (steel) badge and a Silver Rocker (electric) badge, you will get a bonus catch rate of +1.5, as you get +1 from Depot Agent and +2 from Rocker. If you are using iOS, activate Siri, then close out of it. Your audio levels will be back to normal afterwards. The ball used to capture this Magikarp was a Pokéball. Evolution: Simply searching "evolve" will display only Pokémon that are currently able to be evolved. Currently, this will display Pokémon who cannot evolve due to not having an evolutionary item, but this will be fixed in the future. The +1/2/3 represent an added 1/2/3% increase to the base catch rate of a Pokémon. Under this theory, for hard-to-catch Pokémon such as Dragonite, a gold badge would nearly double its base catch rate (from 4% to 7%). This site has all of the search bar filters listed. From the site, the filters you can search by are: