Come to think of it, one could ask almost the exact same question about spices. They're not unhealthy of course, but they're only needed for taste and therefore carry the same potential of causing a picky eater. 

We want to put the new crib into "A"'s room although it will become a little cramped and won't leave much space for playing on the floor. We are also going to move from an apartment into a house, but the move will be after "B" outgrows his current (small) crib. We want the boys to share a bedroom in the house, too. That leaves another room as their shared playroom where they can be loud (that makes their bedroom a quiet room). 

As a parent, your authority should not be ignored without some form of punishment, and this is something you can train. Toddlers need immediate feedback because they can't connect cause and consequence if the consequence comes much later. So the next time you're ignored, you must act -- you must escalate. 

I have found that child is more comfortable with Hindi words rather than the English. 

She has been told in plain English not to do this, and she does understand that perfectly. But, she still does this on purpose - I know this because she looks at me before the act, smiles, and continues her deed. Then she comes over to me and points out to the thing fallen on the ground. 

How to punish the toddler for "deliberately" throwing things out of balcony? 

I am an agnostic. I don't want my child to believe in God until she is 20 years old. Reason is that I believe that if the child below that age is repeatedly told by her elders to pray to god, that the god exists, and the god can punish them if they don't - then I think the child will follow what the elders say because of her lack of world experience and because of her trust in her elders. 

Should I actually force her to speak these/the English words at this age (by repeatedly asking her to speak)? 

Child is currently 2 years old. 

I speak English at home with the child and the other person too. 

Timeouts don't work - I have tried to make her sit and hold her and count till 150. It doesn't seem to bother her much as she sits calmly. Definitely it will bother her if I count till 250 but that requires too much effort on my part. It is tiring for me. 

When I speak English, I find that my pronunciation is same for all the similar sounding words mentioned above. 

Child has learnt that and follows the practice whenever she sees a photo of those gods. 

Our first child "A" is 3½ years old and has his own room in our apartment. Second child "B" is 3½ months old and sleeps in a crib in the parent bedroom. I'll use letters for names to make it clearer in the text below whether I'm referring to the older or younger boy. 

We are trying to find a sleeping bag that fits his current size (92cm) but seem to be rare in these sizes; apparently they're only popular for infants but not so for toddlers. Even if we find one, there's a risk that he'll reject it, just like he ended up doing half a year ago. 

We are dressing him in warmer pajamas and socks to keep him from getting cold at night, but we can't comfortably dress him warm enough in winter. If we dress him warmly (so that he wouldn't become too cold without the blanket) then the blanket makes him too warm and he wakes in a sweat, so we avoid that. 

My toddler gets a bottle of formula in the evening, as part of the bedtime ritual. At some point in time, we'd want to stop giving that bottle and stop using formula at all.