Wiki has the common definition of this term: As you know, Scrum hold at three pillars: transparency, inspection, and adaptation. I have always heard this word in a negative context. But I don't understand why? I don't see anything bad in deviating from the Scrum. Why not, if it works? Well used ScrumBan is ScrumBut too. Or even if this deviation is not very good, but dictated by unavoidable external factors (such as company policy, or the terms of a contract already signed), why not take benefits from other aspects of Scrum that can be implemented? Of course, exists other formats of Daily Meetings (like Improvement Board), but Scrum Guide prescribes Three Questions format. Otherwise it is not Scrum. 12) Optionally, at the end of the session, go around and elicit key take-aways and/or action items from the group. This is usually important if you’re using the meeting to drive decisions or create work. Taking a photo of the board or any artifacts (mind maps, etc.) is also handy. Which solution is better? Or, maybe, somebody know better way to solve this problem? Ok. You have consultation with customer after each iterations. It is not "daily", of course, but by my opinion, it's enough. Passed. From the original 1986 article by Takeuchi and Nonaka that introduced the term "Scrum": Designate a Product Owner, even if part-time: Write Scrum style user stories: "Self-organizing" does not mean uncontrolled You said: From Mike Cohn's blog on the Daily Scrum Meeting - ...many teams enforce a rule in which only those who are committed are allowed to talk during the daily scrum meeting. All team members are required to attend scrum meetings. Since both the ScrumMaster and product owner are committed team members, they are expected to attend and participate. Anyone else (for example, a departmental VP, a salesperson or a developer from another project) is allowed to attend, but is there only to listen. This makes scrum meetings an excellent way for a Scrum team to disseminate information -- if you're interested in hearing where things are at, attend that day's meeting. [Management sets the] boundary within which self-organization occurs. Here are a few quotes from Mike Cohn's presentation on Leading a Self-Organizing Team: It is not clear why you tagged it Scrum. Please refer to the Scrum Guide. In Agile/Scrum teams, the concept of a self-organizing team and the notion that "the team owns all the stories, individuals don’t" is turning out to be difficult to communicate. I have seen lots of articles and many pages of text explaining this. Good luck with your transition! Feel free to come back and ask additional questions here on PMSE. The purpose of the Daily Scrum meeting is for the team to share with their team mates progress of work and planning for that day. And it is tightly time boxed. So, the entire focus should be on the Sprint backlog and on the people who are doing the work. I believe your development team is grossly exceeding their bounds on the pretext of "Self-organizing". To cite a small example, the stakeholders now have to wait for, say, nine months to see the first demo of the project, instead of every two weeks. Send some of your key people for Scrum training. Team size: Looks like you have 18 people. This is too large a team for good communication and collaboration. Try to split this into two teams. While splitting the teams, make them into feature teams, not component teams. Ideally, designate a Scrum Master and a Product Owner for each team. However, you may be able to work with a common Scrum Master for both teams as well as a common Product Owner. Avoid having sub-teams. Individual Development Team members may have specialized skills and areas of focus, but accountability belongs to the Development Team as a whole. This may be a slow process. But work towards this. Now to answer your specific question: There are 4 more items in the Nokia Test. However, you can go as far as your team finds it practical to do so. Do you account for holidays? For example, if you run 2-week sprints, you may have one sprint with 2 holidays which is 20% less duration than a normal 10-workday sprint. Also, if some people are on vacation, you will have less capacity. May be you want to adjust your sprints for 10 working days, instead? Are there other good examples to help convey this idea to the team?