In the third instance, multiple of the same class can stack their abilities together but the stacking of some effects is limited. In the case of Locust Swarm, it can be applied once by each Witch Doctor in the group to each mob, following the same rules as above. 

During this clear you have the possibility to find: 

The Butcher - will set fire to all of the platforms in his chamber simultaneously if you fail to kill him within three minutes. 

You need to complete normal mode, but from there onwards it is purely RNG. 

Cydaea - will enrage after four minutes, causing spiderlings to spawn more frequently. 

These folders contain the Battle.Net Agent in addition to Diablo 3 Launcher updates and are required for the Launcher to update. 

As a general rule, I go for more clears = more gold, so will skip any cellar with an elite in them. On a poor run (neither of the wells spawn and you don't get the treasure horder) you will make about 10k excluding selling gems that drop. 

In version 1.0.3 (going live soon, announced by Blizzard here) this buff will be adjusted to only guarantee one rare drop from "Boss" (superunique) enemies in order to entice people to farm rare packs instead of bosses. 

After a reasonable hiatus from Blizzard games, I have decided to reinstall Diablo 3. I used to have it installed and working on this machine and removed my previous install using Add/Remove Programs. However, now when I try to reinstall the game, the Diablo 3 Setup starts 'Updating setup files...' and then hangs; 

In addition to increasing your magic find and gold find by 15% per stack, Blizzard have confirmed that the Nephalem Valor buff will also increase the number of items that drop from elite/unique/superunique(boss) class enemies. 

If, for example, you picked up a set that had bonuses for 4 or 5 pieces, then these sets would give additional bonuses as detailed on the items for equipping more pieces of the set. 

As Blizzard take a cut of your final sell price, they won't have an issue with you advertising the item both in game and outside of the game. In fact - they even provide a trading forum on the official Diablo 3 forums (EU, US) and a trade channel within the game itself. 

To unlock developer hell, select the 'A Shattered Crown' quest in Nightmare difficulty or higher, talk to Haedrig to do his quest and then travel out to the cemetery, get the way point and then see which instances have spawned. You're looking for 3x Defiled Crypt and the fourth will be Development Hell. Took me about 70 tries for it to spawn. Video of my find is in my comment below. 

To help hit that goal we’re lowering the number of guaranteed Rare items on bosses when you have your full five stacks of Nephalem Valor from two guaranteed Rares to one guaranteed Rare (you still have a very good chance at multiple rares, it's just no longer guaranteed). In exchange, all champion and rare packs will now drop a bonus guaranteed Rare item when you have your full five stacks of Nephalem Valor. The change benefits players with more overall drops, and a reason to push to continue progressing. 

This ability while enabled will result in you gaining Arcane Power each time you use a Signature ability. Some of these Signature abilities can hit multiple targets - do you regain Arcane Power for each target that is hit? 

Before the Butcher throws out his hook, he points in the direction he is going to do it for about 1 second with his cleaver (as though he is aiming). In addition he will make a 'grunting' sound as he throws his hook, which will give you a split second to move if you're at range.