In a footnote, Sear adds (referring to the aforementioned Regionary catalogues): Scholars also check how evidence which may run counter to the revised history has been dealt with – was this evidence acknowledged (and if so, how) or was it simply ignored? The importance of bibliographies has already been noted by Kargathia. I would add that one should also pay attention to how extensive the bibliography is. If only two or three sources were cited, were they written by people with qualifications in their fields of study? Do they all support the same theories or interpretations, or do they present contrasting views? The extensive use of footnotes is also something to look out for (but they are rarely found outside the academic world). When writing a PhD thesis, students are expected to use footnotes to cite sources (among other things) – this makes it much easier to check specific evidence. but this is the closest I have come to finding anything (note the use of 'suggested'in the text above). He further explains that theatres in Greece and Asia Minor had a much greater capacity than western theatres with a similar diameter. Sears provides tables with seating capacity calculations which give 19,717 for Ephesus (but another estimate he quotes is 21,500) and 18,537 for Miletus. He also quotes a figures of 20,350 for Smyrna (Izmir) and 19,700 for Megalopolis (Arkadia). On the continent, Wikipedia says that Sear goes into much detail on seat measurements and theatre types, and provides several tables showing the capacity of different theatres. He also explains the problems in calculating capacity: Another candidate is Roman Theatre at Apamea which Wikipedia describes as Sources: https://www.ma-shops.com/roman-empire/antoninus-pius/?catid=717&lang=en&ajax=2z6 http://www.wildwinds.com/coins/ric/antoninus_pius/i.html One should also look at the evidence itself and consider if the person recording events had an agenda. Was he aiming to entertain as well as inform his audience (in which case expect at least some exaggeration)? Did he have a sponsor (in which case unpleasant facts about the sponsor will probably be left out)? Even the objectivity of the ‘Father of Scientific History’ Thucydides has been questioned. A document may have been written at the time an event happened but that does in itself necessarily make it reliable evidence. For example, 12th century chroniclers give a generally unfavourable impression of William II but, given that they were all monks and that William II’s relations with the church were very poor (they didn’t approve of his lifestyle either), is it any surprise that he got a lot of bad press? In recognition of this, modern historians have reviewed some of the previously held views on this king and come up with other interpretations. If I am just a leader of a small kingdom, it's not toward my best interest to say, my God is almighty all of you have to bow before Him and pay me tribute and give your daughter as my sex slaves. Saying that would provoke a bigger country to just smash me and said, "where's your God?" Happened to jews a lot. True monotheism doesn't show up or be popular enough to become a state religion until Persia (zoroaster), China (Shang Ti), or Rome (Christianity). I was surprised when I found that finding part of the tanach that support unambiguous monotheism before babylonian exiles is not easy. Do you know any? Persia as a large empire have that same point of view with zoroaster. Well, the difference between polytheist and monotheist is the relative power of their God. In polytheist religion, Zeus is boss over boss. However, if all the other gods unite against Zeus, he's death. Zeus has supreme political power but comparable muscle power with Poseidon, Hades, etc. If I am a president, or a leader in republic or democratic countries, I would make a claim that I should be your leader because I am a good king. If I am not a good king you would kick my ass. So I too will produce a religion that reflect that. I would say, Zeus is boss, like I am boss. But well, if he pissed of Hades, Poseidon, or Hera he's screwed. So I am still your leader but I recognized that others have power to disagree. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him.