Using the number of chariots to denote the size of an army is most often a Spring and Autumn practice. During this period, the traditional, ritualistic formal system of the Chou Dynasty degraded and gave way to ad hoc reforms. Part of these reforms is changes in military organisation. 

- Tincey, John. Ironsides: English Cavalry 1588-1688. Vol. 44. Osprey Publishing, 2012. 

Obviously this depends on how many defenders there were inside the castle. A castle garrisoned by a single person could probably live reasonably well off the chickens that might be in the bailey, for instance. He could even start a vegetable garden or some such. 

Williams, Alan. "The Metallurgy of Medieval European Armour." Proceedings of the Forum of the 4th International Conference on the Beginning of the Use of Metals and Alloys. Shimane, Japan, 1996. This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. 

Perhaps the first strategically significant airborne attack occurred a month later on 10 May, when German Fallschirmjägers successfully captured the Belgium Fort Eben-Emael. The reputedly impregnable fortress guarded the country's entrance on the Albert Canal, and its capture was an important part of the Battle of Belgium. Use of lances declined in Western and Central Europe after the 30 Years War, when sword-centric cuirassiers became the last hurrah of the heavy cavalry. Nonetheless, they did not vanish - in fact, one of the most celebrated lancer charges in history took place in 1605. As late as 1644 a regiment of Scottish lancers performed so well against Royalists in the Battle of Marston Moor that all new cavalry levies after 1650 were ordered to be lancers (up from 50/50). 

For illustration, consider the knights with kite shields from the Bayeux Tapestry: Soviet paratroopers also fought at the earlier Battle of Khalkhin Gol in the Far East, but apparently only as ground troops. (Source: Schmidt, Karl J. An Atlas and Survey of South Asian History. ME Sharpe, 1995.) This original military system called for 30 soldiers for each chariot. That included 3 heavy infantry riding on the chariot, 7 more on foot, and 20 light infantry. At this stage, warfare was still a nobility centric event, and the light infantry were more servants than soldiers. At the start of the Spring and Autumn period, despite severe prestige and territorial losses by the Imperial Chou court when it moved east, many states still followed these rulse (even though they no longer obeyed royal commands). However, the Company treated its forces much in the same way large businesses tended to approach menial labour employees. Insensitivity, low pay, and other HR issues resulted in chronic discontent within the armies. A long history of mutinies by both native and European soldiers and officers stretched back to the 17th century. 寺田近雄『明治・大正・昭和の新語・流行語辞』立風書房、平成4年 

At 3-4 metres long it was too clumsy to handle in close engagements, ineffective against the longer massed infantry pike, and quite useless in sieges and against a musket at any distance. It was expensive and broke easily. It required long training and discipline, "a weapon of much trouble and charge (weight)", says a Spanish authority in 1597. I believe it would be Operation Weserübung, the German invasion of Denmark and Norway during the Second World War. German Fallschirmjägers were deployed in several small scale actions in both Denmark and Norway. 

Originally they weren't very effective fighting forces. The Bengal Army was equipped with European arms, but poorly drilled and lacking discipline. Things changed after the Battle of Plassely, when Clive of India initiated military reforms. He trained them after the regular British fashion, with European officers in command. This proved sufficiently effective that the Madras and Bombay armies soon copied Bengal. 

Logistics were primarily reliant on having stockpiles of supplies. Ancient Chinese states were agrarian societies, and governments taxed their peasants in kind. Surplus rice would thus be stockpiled for military use. Consequently, these states generally did their best to improve agricultural productivity, and reforms were major factors in improving a state's military performance. - Lew, Christopher R., and Edwin Pak-wah Leung. Historical Dictionary of the Chinese Civil War. Scarecrow Press, 2013. 

Round shields did not actually "fall out of use" until the Renaissance, and they also continued to be held in a central grip. It was the weight of kite shields which necessitated strapping them to the users, rather than inherent potential tactical advantages per se. Later manuals indicate that the smaller, and lighter round bucklers were extended in a fist far out from the body, so as to be ready to block any incoming blows with little movement. Strapping them to the forearm would've considerably limited this. 

Realistically, no castle could hope to produce enough food to sustain a reasonably-sized garrison, and I doubt that anyone would have wanted to try. In fact, the whole point of a castle is so that you don't have to defend all your farms and forests and pastures. It's important to note that concrete information on how shields were used is scant, so a large part of any discussion on this subject is speculation and logic. 

Even if the communists had done well in this one operation, their overall inactivity could quite reasonably be considered ineffectiveness. Which, again, they didn't -their campaign soon stalled as Japanese units rallied. Chinese histories tend to very conveniently end the Hundred Regiments Offensive here. In reality, the Japanese counterattacked deep into Communist heartland. By 1941 the Communists had lost over a quarter of their forces and the population under their control shrank by 45%.