With all that said, a fallow period of a hundred years or so is hardly unique in the history of philosophy. It takes at least that long for the last great conceptual leap to be fully digested. Judged solely by the standard of impact outside the academies, the last triumph of analytic philosophy was the elevation of formal logic to a legitimate science. On the other hand, the last continental philosophy to have real mainstream influence was French Existentialism, so if anything is in decline, it's philosophy as a whole. It's basically a matter of form matching content, and presentation aligning with philosophical commitments. Relatively few great philosophers have been married, or had children, whether because their minds were on higher things, or because they were impossible to live with is hard to say. It is also hard to know which ones were actually celibate, as opposed to just unmarried. The existentialists have similar commitments to the primacy of choice in the life of the individual. Neither Kierkegaard nor Sartre believe we can dictate absolute truths to another. Accordingly, they dramatize their philosophies, and leave the reader to draw his or her own conclusions. As with Plato/Socrates, Kierkegaard's work is often a progression where the reader is left at the lip of the last leap to complete the journey alone. For Plato/Socrates and Kierkegaard, this is because real Truth is something they consider to exist in a "realm" beyond ordinary human experience, it cannot be expressed in ordinary ways without debasing it. This can be contrasted with that wide range of philosophers (from Confucius to Russell) who possess more faith in the objective truth of the sensible universe. They accordingly have a higher level of comfort with saying "this is the way things are", "this is what you should believe" and "this is how you should behave." Sometimes the philosopher's chief contribution is just posing the right questions --it falls to someone else to organize the concepts in a testable manner. In retrospect, it may look like the philosopher's ideas are ridiculous, because we've all gotten used to the later, more developed version. But the real brilliance of the philosopher was thinking such a thing was even possible. Plato famously promoted nonsexual love as superior to sexual love, which is where we get the term "Platonic relationship" for a nonsexual relationship. Wittgenstein and Turing are known to have been homosexual. Kierkegaard broke off his engagement, and then luxuriated in the guilt and regret. Simone De Beauvoir had a long relationship with Jean-Paul Sartre that never led to marriage, although he did propose. Kant lived a life of famously monastic regularity, although he did have plenty of friends. Plato's Socrates only asks questions, rather than answers them, because he believes wisdom cannot be bestowed from without, but that the student can only be guided to discover the answers from within --this necessitates the dialogue format. For the second question, the answer clearly depends on your own religious beliefs. The most general, neutral evidence for religion having its own, ongoing legitimacy, aside from any historical scientific benefits, is exactly as you mentioned --that many smart, educated people continue as believers. There is no one universally acclaimed standard or set of criteria. One possible way of conceptualizing this is that philosophy is an earlier step on the road to understanding a subject than science. The philosopher may either be considering a topic that has never previously been formulated, or one that has proven resistant to analysis. On the other hand, Socrates was married to a much younger woman, with whom he had three children (and according to one account actually had two wives simultaneously). He was perversely proud of her reputation as the most unpleasant woman in Athens, and called her an ideal spouse for a philosopher, because she made him long for the quieter embrace of eternity. I think a major source of confusion here is that you're (quite naturally) associating the creator with a Neo-Platonic image of the One God as the unity of all perfections. However, although this passage definitely refers to a version of the "One" (which Plato here calls the "Eternal Essence") Plato isn't calling it the creator. The creator is just a craftsperson who makes the world in imitation of the Eternal Essence (just as, in Ion, poets make poems, or in The Republic, statesmen make city governments, in imitation of that same Essence, imitations which inevitably fall short). There's no strong suggestion that Plato actually believes this creator/demiurge even exists, it just appears in the story as a tool to help people interested in accounts of creation reinterpret the appearances of the universe as reflections of the Eternal Essence. To compound the confusion, some places where Plato appears to be talking about the creator ("he was" versus "he is") only make sense if we take them as solely referring to the Eternal Essence instead (even though the Essence is not otherwise personalized here). As far as the terms, I'm not a Greek scholar, but Plato always uses words in an idiosyncratic way in any case, so an exact translation of any word can only be at best a starting point. I follow an approach to interpreting Plato that takes everything he writes as an attempt to explain his concept of the Eternal Essence (more often called the Ideal of Good) as explained through innumerable metaphors aimed at different audiences. The core belief is that there is a perfect, eternal godlike ideal in a kind of conceptual heaven. That core ideal is surrounded by increasingly imperfect copies. In what, if nothing else, is a wonderful example of form matching function, this leads him to a certain sloppiness in language that can be perplexing to those used to philosophical precision. Since Plato believes the perceptible surface expression is always an imperfect attempt to point to the perfect but imperceptible meaning, he's quite willing to play fast and loose with the superficial details. Thus, each time he uses a term meaning eternal here, it has a slightly different connotation, which we have to glean from context, not from the actual word choice.