Manual pumps tend to not get as much as baby or an electric pump would. Using them - especially a lot - can affect your production negatively. Pumps have made it possible for working moms to continue their work and still supply the baby with breast milk - that is a VERY good thing, but they do make it a little tougher to make as much milk as you would make without the need for them. I address how to handle this problem if you encounter it below, but it does take more work. The more you feed the baby without your pump, the more likely you are to continue to produce just the right amount of milk for your baby at the right time. How to Talk so Kids Will Listen and Listen so they will Talk Get the kids involved (as soon as they are old enough) in interest-area classes at least once/week. Parks and Rec in our area offers some crafts lessons, but of course there are ballet and tap classes, various sports to try, and any number of other kinds of activities - again depending on the specifics of your location. So, now is a good time to make sure he learns good behavior, for what he learns at this age “sticks” and is hard to change later on in life. I've talked to either a nurse or doctor at my pediatrician's several times describing the fact that the episodes can last up to 2 hours, basically until Baby's usual wake-up and feeding (when she often does release gas and a bowel movement because she's finally wide awake - during the day she rarely has gassy episodes and usually about 3 dirty diapers, all loose to very loose). All I ever get is "that's normal for her age." One nurse did advise the rice sock, and it does seem to help her feel better. During this period a start is made with developing a conscience which is a system of norms and values. If the groundrules are not set now, and in the right way, negative consequences will be visible in the near future, to begin with the ‘Terrible Two’s.” As difficult or even impractical as it may seem to give this rule-setting and conscience-building so much of your time and effort at this early and changeable stage of your child’s life, it is an in-depth investment for the future. It will save you, your child and everyone around him a lot of misery. Wake-To-Sleep Some parents have luck with another method from Secrets of the Baby Whisperer known as wake-to-sleep. You enter your child's room at 25 minutes, or 5 minutes before the usual wake-up time. You gently stroke your child's cheek or do the minimum to get your child to lightly stir. The book claims that this restarts your child's sleep cycle. Over time it may teach your child to make the sleep cycle transition on his or her own, especially if your child learns to fall asleep independently. Eliminate one bottle at a time - for the morning bottle simply move breakfast earlier. For the bedtime bottle, if you still have one, replace it with extra snuggles or another comfort method. Drop one bottle a week to ease the transition, but do not go back once you have dropped a bottle. Additional Possible Courses of Action Nap Extensions There are several other things besides fostering independent sleep you can try. First, try to conduct a nap extension. A nap extension is using any means that you are comfortable with that works for your baby to lengthen the nap. Possible options are: I did have a little sister personally, but we almost always had separate rooms (although she often crept in and snuggled with me between say 3 years (her age) and 6 or 7 years when I started saying no to her (it started to get rather crowded when she was seven and I was ten). It is a long process and journey to raise a child, and all of us want nothing but the best for our kids. Keep learning, working at it and showing your child your kind, loving attention and you will have done the best you can for her. After that, her self-esteem is up to her. Obviously, you want to avoid being overly critical, but (and this might be surprising) you also want to avoid over-complimenting too. Many people will tell you it is critical to compliment your children frequently, but there is actually significant evidence that such a tact can backfire (unfortunately, I have so much experience with this concept, I no longer remember exactly where I learned it. However, I've run into Middle school kids, or adolescents with the resulting problems of too many compliments countless times and fully by into the concept because of an education in child psychology and development theory as well as experience. I will link a couple of books at the bottom of this section that are all books that at least give nod to this concept).