According to this, the rule was always there, but was changed in time. At first, it looked a lot like rugby, because the lawn enforced all players to not be ahead of the ball. Then it change to a 3 players rule (you need 3 players in front of you to not be offside). More over here (but we are talking about a game that has 200 years or more old), the rule was enforced using 2 players. Then the line was move form behind the second player to the same line. The last thing I heard was that a board will propose change to the rule, but as far as I know, there are not any word of it. (and please correct me if i'm wrong). 

When you have a casual game without offside, the ball movement in the field is very weird. There is not a lot of strategy filling spaces in the middle, and is very common to just put the ball as far as you can in the opponent field. This makes the game more apeling in the form that matches has a lot of goals (like in 5 vs 5 games in a reduced field), but also make it more bored, since when the defenders are very tigth to they goalkeeper, is harder to score. So the game lost a lot of balance in a big field. There where some attemps to change the rule. I can remember a younger continental championship when the rule was enforced but only inside the penalty area. That was the only test, but I remember defenders standing on that line, and not attacking because there have a lot of field to cover. 

IMHO this rule enforce the game to be played in a smaller part of the pitch, and allow defenders to try to attack without leaving an empty space for an attacker. (although there are situations where the attackers go alone, and counter attacks are common, but that only resides in the ability of the defending team in clear the ball fast). 

See Nigel de Jong's infamous move last World Cup. 

The ideal scenario is that the ball is either cleared to a neutral zone by a defender or for instance by a goal kick. It's of course not always the case, and based on circumstances the ref could blow the final whistle at a less than optimal situation. 

The general rule in sliding tackles is whether or not you get to the ball first before making any contact with the attacking player. As a defender your responsibility is to make sure you are going after the ball, and as an attacker you make sure that you play the ball and not the defender.. 

What I can say from my personal experience is that the referee will consider two factors just before blowing the final whistle: 

The only reference in Laws of the Game, to what you are asking is the following bit regarding the additional time: 

Allowance is made in either period for all time lost through: 

The allowance for time lost is at the discretion of the referee. 

What you'll actually find is that all of the officials are adopting these pager and communication systems. The 5th and 6th officals' wands look more like simply flag-handles. This is because there is nothing in the laws of the games catering for flag signals by these two goal-line assistants - therefore they don't have the yellow and red flag fabric on them. 

In making this alert, the referee's armband or transceiver unit will vibrate and possibly also make an audio alarm in his earpiece. The devices can be configured so that each official has a different audio tone so that the referee knows which assistant is paging him. 

For example, a referee may have his back to one of the assistant referees and an off-the-ball incident such as a fight may be going on behind him. The referee won't notice the assistant however much flag waving he is doing so the assistant referee will alert the referee by "paging" him with his electronic flag. 

These are designed to alert the referee to his other officials, one of which may need to bring something to his attention. 

This technology works alongside the open communication system also adopted by the officials.