Isn't this a perfectly plausible argument? Doesn't the common idea of "robots doing all (or most) of the work" violate the second law of thermodynamics? Isn't machine replacement of human labor in an absolute and global sense ultimately fallacious? Is there really a physical "free lunch" inside the labor capacities of machines? First, we have two "very dumb" (pardon the technical term) interlocutors, In1 and In2 and one belief (B1). The first interlocutor proposes only B1 for both In1 and In2. The second interlocutor proposes, let's assume, a second belief B2. We now have two interlocutors and two beliefs B1 + B2 with, mutatis mutandis, equal likelihood. This seems perhaps closer to Hegel's "historical" approach, in which the law of contradiction must be jettisoned if we accept the reality of motion. Or simply an ultimate capitulation to induction and probability.It also sounds like the kind of thing late Wittgenstein might assert, though I have only a passing familiarity with his work. Marx claimed that machines cannot "produce surplus value" but only redistribute labor and provide individual firms with a temporary market advantage. Nonetheless, many thinkers across the spectrum seem to believe in a globalized concept of "technological unemployment" or the idea that someday "robots can do all the work." Note: I posted a similar question on Economics Stack, but I believe it requires a broader, more interdisciplinary approach best suited for philosophy. The logical implications of entropy often appear here. Peripheral evidence supports this. Obviously, machines are made, fueled, and maintained by humans. Further humans feed, raise, and support the humans who make the machines, etc. Additionally, since the rise of "labor-saving" technology, employed global labor has only increased tenfold. This also suggests that machines redistribute, alter, and subdivide labor globally, but do not "reduce work" in any absolute, quantitative sense. We know that "All bachelors are unmarried men" is among the classic examples of an analytical truth. I note that in one question at this site that it is even given as a "tenseless" proposition in contrast to those requiring temporal operators. The problem in this case is that "bachelor" remains fixed while "marriage" changes. The subject and predicate cannot, in a sense, change "tenses" at the same rate. Nor could any subject and predicate. Breaking them apart and adding different temporal operators in an attempt to different terms would only seem to lead to an infinite regress. Nor is the matter of "trust" negligible or necessarily a rhetorical device. That "reason" too is unknown. But since both In1 and In2 shared B1 prior to B2, there is evidently some overlap of what they accept as "valid reasons." Hence a greater likelihood that the blackboxed "reason" may be valid. Well, maybe. This is a consequentialist view of "law" that for many would explicitly not apply to "divine law." For deontic moralists like Kant, applying the universal law against one's contingent judgment is not necessarily fallacious and the consequentialist approach is not necessarily grounded in evidence. While the answers above should do it, I want to add a note about the assertions of fallacy on the website: In practice, the argument will carry scant weight in a world of infinitely many possible beliefs. We indeed quickly "grow out" of such arguments. But even where the "reason" is not given, good or bad, there is some probabilistic weight to the argument given very restricted beliefs. It is a bit like the Monty Hall paradox. All else equal (as it never is) In1 will technically improve odds in the new domain by switching to B2. I'm sure this question must have a simple clarification, but I am largely unfamiliar with the branches of formal logic and not sure where to look for it. In reality, this type of underwhelming argument does work best the more information and "possible beliefs" are limited, with "young" people, say, or people with "less expertise." Hence my qualification of "very dumb" and my limitation to just two possible beliefs between equally "reasonable" people.