After things were finished up in Judea the city of Jerusalem not only had its name changed to Aelia Capotilina but also the Temple Mount was razed and a whole temple dedicated to Jupiter Capotilinus erected in place of the second Temple. 

But this is one of very few instances that the Romans before Constantine really imposed their religious views and disregarded what the locals felt about these issues. While it apparently should not be called 'tolerance' any longer, Roman religious policy was at least far more respecting to indigenous religions as to make this "erecting offensive statues" not the general norm. They just added to their own pantheon and requested similar worship from the locals for the state religion. 

H. F. J. Horstmanshoff & Marten Stol: "Magic and Rationality in Ancient Near Eastern and Graeco-Roman Medicine", Studies in Ancient Medicine 27, Brill: Leiden, Boston, 2004. 

One of the leading factors to account for the widespread dismissal of the sheer possibility of ancient visual instruments seems to be the lack of durability for the physical objects in question. In more favourable conditions such objects such objects did survive: 

For gladiators and actors it is indeed tempting to take their officially low status and conclude from there that this excludes them from many activities. Gladiators loosing their former status or never having had this status is straightforward in this regard. But this is apparently much too simple. 

It seems indeed prudent to assume that at least the reading stones were in use much earlier than the 13th century and before the Arabs credited with inventing them did so. 

What a travelling doctor could do was inevitably limited by the drugs and instruments he had at his disposal, and by the time he could spare before moving on. ‘Whoever can cure the sick while on the move?’ wondered Seneca, disapprovingly, for ‘travel doesn’t make a man a doctor’. By contrast, a doctor resident in one town could turn his house into a surgery or a cottage hospital, where the sick might spend several days under the watchful eye of the doctor and his assistants. (Nutton p 270.) 

It seems further complicated by the fact that any regulations were held to be important but lousily enforced. More important than to really keep certain people out for good seems the aspect of keeping them separate from the good people: 

This means it is always very dependent on your point of view to describe a certain practice or 'level of purity' as either sub-standard or excessive. Gibbon's 19th century verdicts about the virtues of cold bathing or swift showers when he would come to judge current American habits with long, hot showers are not difficult to imagine. 

But whatever your status: having access to a real (Greek) doctor was a matter of prestige, whatever the status of the doctor. It seems to be quite well known that a human doctor was superior to incubation, and therefore preferred. In case a 'professional' wasn't available Roman family structure already provided an alternative in the pater familias being responsible for curing maladies. But going to such a sanctuary does not seem to have been restricted to any class. 

More generally speaking, the idea that there were Buddhists in the Roman Empire is not very exceptional, despite the overly defensive objections of some. 

This doesn't really have anything to do with walls, but some nomadic tribes were forced westward during the Han Dynasty. Under the jingoistic Emperor Wu in particular, Han armies launched several expeditions deep into the steppes between 133 to 119 BC. A period of peace followed as the overexerted Han Empire found itself teetering on the brinks of collapse, but open warfare resumed after 103 BC. By 71 BC, the Han empire had clearly prevailed. 

It is well established that there was at least some interaction between the Roman Empire and the Indian subcontinent, at a time when Buddhism was ascendant in the latter. Part of this interaction was the movement of individuals, such as merchants and diplomatic envoys, between the two regions. 

However, given how vastly different the Roman economy is to our modern world, such currency conversions are only a ballpark at best. Cleopatra's pearl costed the yearly income of 11,000 Roman legionaries, i.e. two entire early imperial legions, and yet evidently she considered it disposable. Meanwhile yearly pay of 11,000 enlisted US soldiers today would be $211 million, about the same price as the Hope Diamond, possibly the most expensive jewelry in existence. 

This scholarly article on the design of the Arch of Constantine by Mark Wilson Jones argues that the interior of the Arch is, an older Triumphal Arch dedicated to Hadrian. 

As great an honour as it was to even become Consul, those who like Cicero made it in their year were even more esteemed, as never having lost an election and stood for every office of the course at the earliest possible age. 

The Cursus Honorum was a succession of offices to be held by Consulship candidates, each one with a successively greater minimum age much as the minimum age to be a US Senator is 30. The minimum age to be a Praetor, the immediate prerequisite for the consulship, was 39, and was to be followed by a two-year term in the provinces as Propraetor before returning to Rome eligible to stand for the consulship. 

Here is another image of the NW corner of the arch, showing the entrance in the West side: