There's some scientific misconceptions here: 

Pattens have be found in e.g.: 

Say, "Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him, and to parents, good treatment, and do not kill your children out of poverty; We will provide for you and them. And do not approach immoralities - what is apparent of them and what is concealed. And do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed] except by [legal] right. This has He instructed you that you may use reason." -- Qur'an 6:151 It doesn't look like it; the "literal" translation is listed as: 

A few translations of Qur'an 79:30 say that the Earth is egg-shaped. For example: 

In this sense, there is a connecting element, or "link" between Islam and terrorism. Reporters are doing their job as best they can, which involves reporting what they see. They don't exactly go to Afghanistan to report on e.g. Afghan cuisine and hospitality. 

which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here. God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. 

Historical athentecity Muslims believe that there has been no error in Quran as revealed to the prophet and that prophet made no mistake in exactly presenting it to the people as it was revealed to him. During the time of the prophet, he was present and was the main reference for Quran. There wasn't a compiled written copy during his time. I assume that this is not the part you are asking about. Your question is about how well what was stated by the prophet is preserved from his time up to today. 

The issue that different places on earth might have different nights is not explored in Quran or other early Islamic sources as far as I know. This issue is rather modern. It is like asking what is the day that Ramadan starts or what is the time of the morning prayer in various locations on earth (or even in space). There is not a consensus among Islamic scholars on how to deal with these kind of issues which have more practical importance compared to your question. There are also verses where "the book" is used in the same way that "the prophethood" is used, i.e. as a more general concept, e.g. verses 29:27 and 57:26. 

In summery, it seems that "the book" in "people of the book" in Quran is more general concept and does not refer exclusively to a particular book. 

This is also a weak argument to me. God can guide whomever he want however he wants. He doesn't need to follow what some people might think he should. Is calling people by their first name considered disrespectful in Islam? 

What I mean is, if a non muslim who hates islam and starts reading the quran, he will get a totally different meaning from the quran than a muslim who reads the quran. 

Are raffles haraam, even if they are used for fund raising purposes where the winner gets a trip go do an umrah? I'm assuming they practised some sort of fighting technique which used swords. Does anyone know if this is true and what system they used? Sunni view preferred with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? 

For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. 

Is the quran supposed to be like this? i.e. you can only relate to those parts of the quran which you have experienced in your life? The other parts just end up going over your head as you can't relate, just as they do with a normal book, if you can't to certain parts of a book.