I'll leave it to you or others to delve into these articles and appreciate the attempts at solution. If questions remain in a few days when I have more time, I'll try to do some research and summarizing myself. But as it stands, I'm not well enough acquainted with the paradox to discuss the attempts at solution meaningfully without further and more careful research. More generally, it might be worried whether the plurality/class distinction is one without a difference. Simply saying that a plurality isn't one thing isn't very reassuring considering that we can and do use singular terms and descriptions to refer to them -- cf. "the universe of sets". Even if you were to grant that maybe class-talk was best understood as plural-talk all along, there remains the fact that the orthodox ZFC-ist denies the existence of proper classes. They are a mere façon de parler, a view articulated by Allen Hazen in his 2012 "Reflections on Counterpart Theory" where he says that the proper ZFC-ist attitude towards proper classes is a sort of fictionalism where "esse est definiri" (to be is to be defined; a play on Berkeley's Idealist principle "esse est percipi","to be is to be perceived"). Such a view would place sharp limitations on the power of plural comprehension principle, essentially restricting you to a predicative plural logic. That predicative restrictions are needed is more or less explicitly conceded by Williamson. This just amplifies the need for a clear comprehension principle and clarification of the expressive power of plural logic -- the intuitive picture won't suffice. 

Proof[S](x, y) is to be a formula (i.e., a formula all of whose quantifiers are bound) defining Proof(S) in . 

Full second-order logic is also incomplete. There’s also a dialectical component. Insofar as second-order quantification involves quantification over sets or properties it has ontological commitments — sets or properties have to exist. Some, like Quine, have thought that logic must be “ontologically neutral” and dismissed second-order logic as “set theory in sheep’s clothing”. Part of Boolos’s aim in introducing the plural interpretation was to get rid of these extra commitments. “Pluralities” are not (meant to be) additional objects over and above their constituents, whereas sets are. 

So, to reflect your update, I'll update my answer. The argument that you give is, as you note, valid. It is an instance of modus tollens. The problem, however, is that it (plausibly) isn't a sound argument. The premise "If men evolved from apes then there wouldn't be any ape nowadays" seems very open to doubt. In fact, it seems to actually be false. Our best theory is that we evolved from apes. But there are, obviously, still apes. The symmetry of accessibility only guarantees that ∃y(y=a) ∧ Ma is true in the actual world given that □[∃y(y=a) ∧ Ma] is true in w. It doesn't guarantee that the truth is necessary in the actual world. Given the S4 axiom, however, □[∃y(y=a) ∧ Ma] implies □□[∃y(y=a) ∧ Ma], which does give you that □[∃y(y=a) ∧ Ma] would be true in the actual world (since it is necessary, it's true in every world). 

Although Krauss is right that Quantum Logic is non-classical (most presentations I've seen either reject the law of excluded middle or go paraconsistent), and so therefore not the standard logic we are used to, he is vastly overstating the claim if he says that "logic is flawed" (without heavy qualification) and if he thinks that anything about Quantum Mechanics shows that 2+2=5 is possibly true. 

EDIT 2: I just noticed that you were specifically asking for authors, so here are some: In short: it gets complicated quickly and this is still an area of active research and controversy. I think most people who don't reject plural quantification as unintelligible -- which isn't an unpopular position, particularly among the older generation of philosophers who grew up with set-theory as the gold standard for regimentation -- find some intuitive appeal to the idea that domains of quantification could just be pluralities of the values of the variables. But while the literature on the topic presses the need for a precise comprehension principle, it seems that's where opinions diverge substantially -- to the extent that there are firmly held opinions. For some (disclaimer: I'm one of these folks), the lesson to take from various "paradoxes" like those generated by the Löwenheim-Skolem theorems (among others) is that our efforts at formalization are doomed to failure -- Haim Gaifman has a good paper on the significance of non-standard models, which explores these issues. While we can speak of "everything", any attempt to provide a well-behaved regimentation of this talk (particularly any recursive axiomatization) will fall short in one way or another. Let's begin with a trivial paradox. We know, of course, that there are integers that are not prime numbers. In fact, there seem to be a good number of them. And yet, we also know that there exactly as many prime numbers as there are integers. We have here a simple paradox; two contradictory statements which are both true. EDIT: Since the OP wants more detail, I will try to answer the additional question added. But now, on to the philosophical portion of the problem. So, to answer your question: we don't have to rationalize that complex numbers exist. It doesn't matter if they exist or not. As abstractions, they follow certain conceptual patterns. For positive integers, these abstractions are fairly intuitive; for other types of numbers (such as negative numbers, or rational numbers, or irrational numbers) they are less so. 

EDIT: I found an SEP article that specifically treats of Fictionalism in Mathematics; it is a nice reference for the more specific case.