For example, in less than a year my son went from hating reading to reading above grade level, mostly because his school teacher made him read boring stuff and we let him read about Star Wars and ninjas. If we had continued to force him to read only serious academic writing, he probably still wouldn't like reading at all. Instead, because we nurtured the subjects that interest him, he incidentally developed the skills that enable him to do more serious work. 

Mostly that involves not making learning a "chore," giving a child intellectual freedom to explore the things he finds interesting, and exposing him to lots of new things to learn about. Do a search for "unschooling" and you will find a ton of examples of people who are really good at doing this. 

Somehow parents can't resist asking why anyway, but I can count on one hand the number of times I've received an answer that makes sense to me. Just resign yourself to it being the parent's job to figure out why, and if you're lucky, your kids will confirm it for you. 

Phonics is the way you probably learned. You sound out the word and learn the exceptions, then naturally later you start being able to recognize the entire word. 

The second part is called "phonemic awareness," which you can google for a more detailed explanation, but is basically recognizing that words are made up of different sounds. An example of a phonemic awareness test is, "What do you get if you take the 'rrr' off of 'rat?'" 

On the other hand, with my 10 year-old daughter with cerebral palsy we work more on sight words, and she doesn't do well with phonics at all. 

The first part of learning to read is recognizing that letters have associated sounds: 'A' says "ahh," 'B' says "buh," and so forth. 

My son was taught for a year in public school on the whole language approach and it did not work well for him. Think of someone reading by looking only at the first two letters of every word and guessing the rest, and you'll have some idea of the result. Again, it may have been a poor implementation of the approach that hindered him, rather than limitations of the approach itself. We switched him to more phonics-based instruction when we started homeschooling him and now he is reading a grade level and a half ahead. 

The thing to realize is playing is serious business. Don't stifle a child's interests even if he's interested in stuff that isn't "academic," because he will learn much more effectively if it stems from his own interests. 

Obviously, children can be taught before they pick it up naturally, and that's not particularly harmful unless it displaces play and exploration types of learning, for which children younger than 7 are much better suited than formal academics. 

The information I've seen all shows that intellectual curiosity isn't something you develop. It's something all children are born with. The problem is more accurately phrased as how can you keep from unintentionally squelching that innate curiosity.