Unable to contain my enthuſiaſm for the anticipated prancing, I haﬅily incremented the doſſier tally, and pauſed as the machine performed its duty. Until then, though, it's critically important to maintain a very high signal to noise ratio, avoid rep gaming, and make sure we don't pollute search engine indices. How do you ask questions that get answers? I subscribe to a much shorter list, but a relatively reasonable list of 16 basic motivations for human activity can be found on Wikipedia. Several of these motivations may lead one to answer questions on Stack Overflow: 

Further, if we remove deletion we're going to have to fundamentally change how the site operates. Deletion removes reputation accrued to bad questions, so removing it allows yet another way to game reputation. Deletion removes the question from google search results, and for bad questions with no answers, people would end up here via google, and see that their question isn't answered here, simply because they used the same terminology as the person who wrote the bad question. This is bad branding. We are not normally in the business of discussing user history. In this case, only part of the story was told, so I feel that full disclosure is warranted. I can tell you what to do if I can see some code, but without the code, the question is little more than gazing into the bowels of the BCL. Three different people can come up with three different answers, and all of them are correct. Sometimes. First Closure I closed your question the first time for the following reason: You can show almost no effort towards solving the problem yourself but if your question respects other people's time, it's fine. 

It's pretty standard to have something like one of the three following headers for a job on your CV: There are three ways to fix it: Could editing it just to improve the code be a better idea than flagging it? Only flag for moderator attention if you believe a post is an exceptional case. In this case, this question has no exceptional quality. 

Second verse, same as the first? It still lacked context. It asked for opinions or things that are subjective, like preferred. What is this preferred? When? How? Under what specific conditions? 

There are many, many thoughts as to why people do anything, including giving free advice and information for what may seem to be no external incentive. As programmers we are daily faced with having to get requirements, test things out, etc. 

Unſatiſﬁed, I made another attempt, this time on a doſſier which I was certain deſerved the attention of other ætherheads. 

This way others online can see which side has greater numbers or is more likely to win (due to the impact of their arguments on the opposing force) and choose which side of the debate they'll take in real time. 

This alone muﬆ ſuﬃce: The delightfully paﬆel uniprong ponies were not preſent and ambulating as expected. 

Note: I'm speaking of the All time list, although it might profitably be applied to any long term list. Applying it to the short term lists needs to be carefully considered, as we want new users who are trying to get onto one of the league pages to be able to see their progress, even when they've only received a few votes. It shouldn't matter for the long term lists.