This year, with the Super Bowl on February 2, 2014, and the Sochi Opening Ceremonies taking place on February 7, the two events are as close as they have ever been, although they were just as close in 2002, when the two events occurred on February 3 and February 8. Until 2002, the Super Bowl was always played in January, and the Winter Olympics almost always begins in February. Now that the Super Bowl is played in February, the events are closer. Since 2002, the Winter Olympic Opening Ceremonies has been scheduled for a Friday, and the Super Bowl is always scheduled for Sunday. In addition, since both the Super Bowl and the Olympic Opening Ceremonies are worldwide television events, it is unlikely that they would ever schedule both events for the same day. For college, this statistic is explained in the NCAA Football Statisticians' Manual. Kick return statistics are defined in Section 8. From the 2016 edition: But that got me wondering: Which happens more often: a kickoff return for a touchdown, or a punt return for a touchdown? And why? Unless the player is injured, the player could physically get up on their own; if they couldn't, there is no way they would be in physical shape enough to play the game. Nearly every play in football, however, ends with someone laying down on the field. At the end of the play, the players still standing typically offer a hand to help the ones that are down, even if they are on the other team. They always say that it is hard to beat the same team three times in one season. However, it happens periodically. Since 1950, it has happened 17 times: Wikipedia has a list of NFL win-loss records for each of the current 32 NFL teams. The tables on the page include all games that each team has played in, including regular season and playoffs. Sorted by win percentage, combining the regular season and post-season tables, through Super Bowl LI (2017), the best team is the Dallas Cowboys, with a win percentage of .572, and the worst team is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, with a record of .389. Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). So once the ball passes the line of scrimmage, the ball can only be handed or passed backward, never forward. But behind the line of scrimmage, the hand off can be forward or back and it is not considered a forward pass. This is why a muffed hand off results in a fumble rather than an incomplete pass. Additionally, a muffed backward pass is considered a fumble as per Rule 8, Section 7. This trend has continued on. The present day explanation of fullbacks: The official statement was just released. The article points out a few rule clarifications. First, about gaining possession of the football: If the offense attempts a field goal before fourth down and misses, the ball is turned over to the defending team. Rule 11, Section 4, Article 2 of the NFL rulebook: Then in Article 2 (emphasis mine): The four that have a hybrid fullback: So for your first question, the ball must be moving closer to the opponent's goal line than where it started in order to be a forward pass. Only one may be attempted each play. Also note that if a ball is fumbled behind the line of scrimmage, an offensive lineman could pick up the ball and commit a forward pass. But again, this seems like a terrible idea. So a hand off counts as a running play, but so does a backward pass. However, the rules explicitly state that a hand off cannot be forward if the ball is beyond the line of scrimmage (8.7.4.a): If the kick is blocked or aborted (e.g.: the holder fumbles on the snap), possession will not change as long as the kicking team recovers the ball. This will give them another chance. In this case, it is not considered a missed field goal and Rule 11, Section 4, Article 2 does not apply. (a) the ball initially moves forward (to a point nearer the opponent’s goal line) after leaving the passer’s hand(s); or Reading between the lines, the league seems to be indicating the officials may have made an error in judgement, but the judgement wasn't grievous enough to be overturned.