Also, the 25th Amendment to the United States Constitution was adopted to address the question of Presidential incapacity, and federal legislators can be removed by the house in which they were elected for cause by a two-thirds majority (U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 5, Clause 2). I, GEORGE W. BUSH, as President of the United States and Commander in Chief of the U.S. armed forces, hereby DETERMINE for the United States of America that: An "enemy" in the context of the phrase "enemy combatant" is a term of art that refers to a group defined by Congress with whom the United States is at war or against whom it is authorized to use military force. In recent U.S. history, the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) (Public Law 107-40) passed by Congress following 9-11 has defined who qualifies as an "enemy" as it is the only "live" declaration of war in force at this time. 

A U.S. official would have to establish in a Declaration under penalty of perjury that an individual was associated with one of the terrorist organizations covered by the AUMF to declare someone an enemy combatant. The AUMF does not apply to "terrorist organizations" in general. 

(4) Mr. Padilla possesses intelligence, including intelligence about personnel and activities of al Qaeda, that, if communicated to the U.S., would aid U.S. efforts to prevent attacks by al Qaeda on the United States or its armed forces, other governmental personnel, or citizens; (Although, in practice, declassified information is often released to the public, because classified information is often declassified for the express purpose of releasing information to the public as a matter of policy.) In other words, if judges retire once meeting the "rule of 80" they can get the same pay with less taxes without doing any work, and can take senior judge assignments in the discretion of the chief judge of their court for additional pay, while vacating their position. If a chief judge feels that a senior judge is no longer intellectually able to do the work, the chief judge can decline to assign a senior judge to more cases. On the other hand, if information is classified, even if it is subsequently made available to the general public on the front page of the New York Times, this does not automatically mean that it is declassified. The laws that apply to disclosure of classified information do not have a general exception for classified information that is publicly available. 

Only at the U.S. Supreme Court level is the power associated with holding the post so great relative to financial considerations, that the compensation system incentives don't work, and it is arguable that in the case, for example, of Justice O'Connor, that the compensation factor was an important reason for her resignation. Generally speaking, once someone with no duty to maintain a secret obtains classified information without breaking the law themselves, they can disclose it to the world without risking any legal sanction for doing so under U.S. law. 

Federal Elected Officials The upper age limit for serving as U.S. President is eight years older than the candidate was when he was elected, with voter review after four years. If the voters elect someone, they do so with the understanding that the President will serve at least another four years and evaluate for themselves if that is too old. In practice, age is frequently raised as an issue in the Presidential nomination process and in Presidential elections, although it is hard to identify a particular election in which it was a decisive factor. 

Term limits, which are common at the state and local government level, also often impose de facto age limits, because most very elderly elected officials mandated to be so old by being re-elected many times after being first elected at a much younger age. Term limits limit the extent to which this can happen. The issue is not citizenship, it is affiliation with an enemy designated in the AUMF. Sometimes this even makes sense, because classified information that is merely claimed by a media outlet to be authentic is not as valuable to third parties who might want to use it as classified information that is confirmed to be authentic by its governmental authors. 

A U.S. citizen whom a U.S. official could declare under penalty of perjury was affiliated with the AUMF probably could be detained in this fashion, although neither the Padilla case nor the sister Al-Marri and Hamdan cases involving non-U.S. citizens, ever finally reached the U.S. Supreme Court on the merits of the question of whether the enemy combatant doctrine can be applied within a U.S. State (the U.S. Supreme Court case of Rumsfield v. Padilla, 542 U.S. 426 limited itself to the question of the proper venue for a habeas corpus suit), which was one of the key issues before the courts in those cases. (6) it is in the interest of the United States that the Secretary of Defense detain Mr. Padilla as an enemy combatant; and Federal judges can retire or take senior status, with the option of a reduced workload, if they satisfy the “rule of 80.” The requirement says they must be age 65 or older, and their combined age and years of experience must total 80. It is an attractive option because their pay remains the same, but their taxes fall because they don’t have to pay taxes for Social Security or Medicare. 

The concern is also mitigated at the U.S. Supreme Court level, and even at the Court of Appeals level, because those judges mostly make decisions as part of a panel of judges, rather than individually. So, if the other judges on the panel make the right decision, the incompetent judge's decision doesn't matter.