Before I attempt to explain further I'd like to add an important caveat in regard to terminology: An alternative interpretation, based on evidence for climate change in the second-half of the second millennium BCE, may fit the known facts rather better than the interpretation presented in the article in Science. The Museum of London offers an "Object Identification" service for objects found in London. Despite this, some news of Bacon's research and discoveries would have been transmitted by word-of-mouth and by letters. That news certainly travelled all across Europe, for we know that Pope Clement IV requested a copy of Bacon's work. A copy of his Opus Majus, was sent to the Pope in Rome in 1267. However, the analysis of a sample of the remains published in Antiquity in 2011 suggested that somewhere between one third and half of those analysed might have been older males, females, or juveniles [Detlef et al, 2011]. This doesn't really seem to fit the pattern of something we would recognise as a professional standing army. During World War II, the USSR used nearly 200,000 horses in active cavalry fighting. In attack and defense their capability for concealment and rapid dispersal could catch an enemy off guard or force him to move with caution. When operating over broad fronts, the abler Soviet commanders advanced their tanks and infantry over main roads and used the cavalry to cover the higher and more difficult terrain in between. The horses could survive at 22 degrees below zero ad keep moving in dust and sand that clogged and wore out engines. Cavalrymen could fight as infantry after covering immense distances, and, like the motorized infantry, they could exploit breakthroughs punched by tanks. The Russians' retention of large units of cavalry long after this ancient arm had been abandoned by other major armies gave the planners and the Red Army greater flexibility in operations over difficult terrain, and particularly in severe weather. Horses could operate in mud, marshland, and in any sort of broken ground; they could filter through forests and negotiate watercourses and ravines that would halt motorized units. The Red Army's planners provided for expanding this arm, and by 1942 they were working towards 400,000 mounted cavalrymen organized into nearly 60 divisions. The cavalry on left hand looks like Mongols while presence of Knights on right hand side means those are the Magyar. You will notice the banner carried by knights contains a white crescent on a red plain field. Wikipedia states however that this artwork is anonymous illustration so authenticity of the said image might be in question. But by putting the image through Google Image search, it seems this image is used to illustrate the said battle by a lot of sources. When we look at existing monarchies in Europe, following are of German descent: I was reading about Battle of Mohi between Mongol Empire and Kingdom of Hungary. Royal Family of Belgium Royal Family of United Kingdom Royal Family of Denmark Royal Family of Liechtenstein Royal Family of Luxembourg (Now Italian House of Bourbon-Parma but historically Germanic House of Nassau) Royal Family of Holland Royal Family of Norway These make up for almost all existing & reigning dynasties in Europe except Monacan, Spanish and Swedish royal families. In the past German House of Habsburg has even ruled Spain & Mexico. Hohenzollerns ruled Romania. German houses also ruled Greece and some other countries. Sometimes vacant thrones were offered to German ethnic nobles, sometimes they were just next in line to the throne. What seems to be the real factor in German noble families gaining thrones of European countries? Why is the eventuality of them getting a throne higher than other ethnicities? Why didn't such an event cause resentment in native population? Wouldn't it be more appealing to the common people if their King was one of their own, not someone imported from Germany who would have to learn the language of the country and shape his children to the culture of his subject nation? What were the political motives behind such offers in cases when German candidate was not in line to succession in anyway?