Semivowels can function as either vowels or consonants, depending on their context (what comes before and after them). But should I call these "properties" of a verb, "charecteristics", "features", "categories"? Is there one term which is mostly used as a cover term for these and other verbal concepts when considered as a whole? Is there a term in linguistics for such pairs? Idioms were a special class of set phrases whose overall meaning is not transparently based on the sum of its parts, such as red herring and to kick the bucket. But what I'm wondering with this question is whether the concept of version is also used in any other languages. Kartvelian isn't known to be related to any other language families, but it is in a Sprachbund with other Caucasian languages and often terms in linguistics and grammar are borrowed by people describing other languages, especially ones in a neighbouring area or studied by the same people. From the Wikipedia article Georgian verb paradigm: 1 Image obtained from the Stanford CoreNLP online dependency parser 2 I am fully aware that this approach doesn't work for arbitrary sentences of this form; clearly, in a sentence like Harry is an alleged murderer, it doesn't make sense to say that alleged is a predicate that applies to Harry. In such a context, the adjective does act more like a modification of the property of being a murderer; in this respect, it behaves a bit like an adverb modifying the "to be" relation ("Harry is allegedly a murdrerer", i.e. the "to be" relation is modified in the sense that it is not necessarily true). However, in the example given, I think it's okay to say that being talented is a property that applies to Harry himself, so I'll stick to the simplistic conjunction approach. I agree with @Dominik Lukes' explanation on the signifier/signified part, but I think "a case where 1 signified has more than 1 signifier" is not quite not what Frege had in mind with his distinction between sense and denotation. This explanation sounds to me rather like a description of a polyseme or, even worse, a homonym (this would rather correspond to the case of one signifier having two different signified). Also I wouldn't say "yet another signifier/sense" using "signifier" and "sense" next to each other as if they could be used interchangeably. So I think the explanations currently given do not quite match what sense and denotation is about, at least in the way I understood them. Edit: You mentioned non-expiry - I don't know of any specific term for that. The classification among temporal adverbs is rather between time point/span - duration - frequency, possibly others, but apparently not whether the adverb expresses expiry, non-expiry, having expired (i.e. past events) or whatever. I assume the reason is that such a classification wouldn't be very meaningful, as there are types of temporal adverbs such as those expressing frequency that could not at all be classified w.r.t expiry - take the word sometimes; this is neither something that expires, nor something that doesn't expire nor something that has already expired. So I don't think there is an actual terminological classification w.r.t. expiry because this would only be applicable to a rather small set of adverbs. A borrowing or loanword is when a word from language A is added to the lexicon of language B, with whatever phonological adaptations are necessary. (Wikipedia doesn't have a separate grammar article for Albanian and doesn't have an article on adjectival articles) Semivowels can function as either vowels or consonants, depending on their context (what comes before and after them). But should I call these "properties" of a verb, "charecteristics", "features", "categories"? Is there one term which is mostly used as a cover term for these and other verbal concepts when considered as a whole? But what I'm wondering with this question is whether the concept of version is also used in any other languages. Kartvelian isn't known to be related to any other language families, but it is in a Sprachbund with other Caucasian languages and often terms in linguistics and grammar are borrowed by people describing other languages, especially ones in a neighbouring area or studied by the same people. Being in Albania I decided to sit down with a word frequency list of the language and look each up so I would know some of the common words I see around me. In a syntactic structure, what matters are not primarily the precise lexical classes - these can already be encoded in the tree by differentiating between node labels AdvP, PP, NP etc. Rather, what is relevant in syntactic considerations is what role a constituent plays in a sentence. The reason why it is called adverbial is because they behave the same as adverbs. They occur in all the same positions, they make all the same kind of modifications, and if it wasn't for the lexical categories they consist of, you couldn't tell any syntactic difference between an actual adverb phrase and a general adverbial phrase. This makes adverbial a useful coverterm for "everything which behaves like an adverb (= adverbial)", which is at the same time more specific than the terms modifier or adjunct, which can as well refer to, e.g., PPs or AdjPs modifying an NP by adjunction, which I would not call adverbials. While, taken precisely, an adverb phrase is something that contains a lexical adverb while an adverbial might (but not needs to) consist of something different, like a PP or an NP, their function is essentially the same: They modify the verb, the verb phrase, the sentence, sometimes adjectives, and in general anything which is not nominal. 1 This may sometimes correspond to the opposite, but especially for words like pretty or hot which are scalar adjectives you won't necessarily receive the exact opposite like ugly or cold, but rather not pretty, but not exactly ugly or not hot, but not actually cold either - see my comment under the question. Edit: You mentioned non-expiry - I don't know of any specific term for that. The classification among temporal adverbs is rather between time point/span - duration - frequency, possibly others, but apparently not whether the adverb expresses expiry, non-expiry, having expired (i.e. past events) or whatever. I assume the reason is that such a classification wouldn't be very meaningful, as there are types of temporal adverbs such as those expressing frequency that could not at all be classified w.r.t expiry - take the word sometimes; this is neither something that expires, nor something that doesn't expire nor something that has already expired. So I don't think there is an actual terminological classification w.r.t. expiry because this would only be applicable to a rather small set of adverbs.