At the later Potsdam Conference in 1945... 

A submarine operating in the Strait of Gibraltar has all sorts of problems. It's a death trap. A submarine's single advantage and defense is stealth. This can be in not being detectable, but it's also not knowing where it's going to show up next. The enemy has to spread their ASW resources very thin looking for you. If German submarines try to blockade the Strait you know where you look and can concentrate your search in a small and restricted area. Only about 10 miles separates Africa from Europe. If detected there's nowhere to go. Being right next to a heavily fortified and extremely valuable British naval base means retaliation will be immediate and heavy. 

German tactics had to adapt to Allied air dominance and lavish Allied artillery. To be visible from the air meant death by "Jabos" or "Jagerbombers", the German word for hunting fighter-bombers. To remain static in a known position meant getting shelled. Even a solid German defensive position eventually had to move under the weight of Allied bombardment. 

To narrow down this answer, I'm going to pick June - August 1944 to highlight the differences. The Western Front is mired in the Normandy bocage and the Eastern Front is fighting on the open steppes of Ukraine and Poland. These two pictures sum it all up. 

Japan also had a stockpile of oil and other strategic resources, billions of barrels. Roughly equal to two years of peacetime imports. They would need it. 

The OP said this in a comment: 

At this point Germany only had 9 destroyers. They started the war with only 21, had since lost 12, and had only since commissioned one. They wouldn't last long with the major Royal Navy base of Gibraltar right there. It's unlikely Germany would risk its remaining overworked 9 destroyers on such a risky mission as blockading the Strait. 

The Kriegsmarine had no direct effect on the invasion, but did have an indirect one: they laid a lot of mines. 

The Soviets focused on producing and improving three hulls for their armored vehicles, the light T-70, the medium T-34 and the heavy KV/IS line. Their tanks and tank destroyers were all iterative improvements of these three hulls allowing a continuity of production and design. This avoided the long teething problems and retooling of brand new designs so high production could be preserved. 

The rest of the Germany Navy was light cruisers, destroyers and smaller ships. While they had the speed, they did not have the endurance. They also didn't have the firepower. The heavy 203mm and 380mm guns of the Prinz Eugen and Bismarck will be in range long before the 150mm guns of a German light cruiser. Since you're not planning on fighting a fleet of warships there's no need for a screen of light ships. They're just a liability. 

During WWII, there was less doubt about which side the US would join. War with Japan had been anticipated for years and a strategy of waging war adopted in the 20s called War Plan Orange. With Japan's expansionist policies, and the US' territories in the pacific (Guam, Philippines, Wake) it was more a matter of when than if. 

This is a feat unparalleled in world history and caused unimaginable hardship as entire populations were moved thousands of miles and forced to create cities and factories in the middle of nowhere. Despite having a large portion of their country overrun, the Soviets maintained industrial output through the war. 

The super-critical event would make the core too radioactive for use for some time. 

The IS-2 lead to the IS-3, a tank which gave Allied (and later NATO) planners serious pause. Together, the best elements of the IS-3 and the T-34 would be combined to produce one of the most influential tanks in the world: the T-54 main battle tank. 

The gun-type uranium design was more conservative, but imploding a plutonium core was more efficient. Future bombs would all have plutonium cores. 

Here we see the beginnings of the Cold War idea that if you're anti-Communist, you're a potential US ally. That it's better to support a fascist dictatorship than to risk a left-leaning democratically elected government. Sir Victor Mallet, British Ambassador to Spain, wrote 

Large lend-lease naval ships are a bit easier to track down. Here's some examples. 

One of the most overlooked Soviet achievements of WWII was evacuating its industries away from the advancing Germans and to the Caucuses or behind the Ural Mountains out of reach of German bombers (and also highlights the German strategic error in not investing in a heavy bomber).