One thing I have had difficulty with, is that you can only actually destroy beds by "mining" the top half of it. If you are looking at the foot of the bed, you won't actually be able to do anything to it. Try collecting the head of the bed. No, even if you mine efficiently. You should use stone or iron pickaxes for everything except what you need diamond pickaxes for, or if you're impatient and want to get through it quickly. So maybe you'll get lucky and sustain yourself. But that's pretty unlikely. You're better off just using stone or iron pickaxes. Luckily, there is a rather large update coming October 31st. Here is Notch's blog describing what you can expect from it: http://notch.tumblr.com/post/1243370641 This can be more accurately stated as "Revealing 771 blocks below elevation 18 has a 50% chance of finding at least one diamond ore." If you're mining efficiently, you can reveal, on average, 4 blocks per block mined. So in order to reveal 771 blocks, you have to mine around 193 blocks. Now, mining 193 blocks has a 50% chance to reveal at least one diamond ore. The probability of finding "at least one diamond ore" now becomes around 99.6%. However, remember that a pickaxe requires 3 diamond ore, not just 1. Your probability of getting 3 ore is much lower than your probability of getting 1 ore. You might find enough for another pickaxe almost every time, but eventually you will run out of diamonds. EDIT: Since the maps of Minecraft 1.6 are virtually useless, I've just installed the new update for this mod, which now displays coloured wool as the appropriate colour, and as a bonus, no longer requires Modloader to install. I'll also include a video of the mod in action. Try getting everyone on the server to leave the area, and come back. The easiest way I can think of to achieve this if there are a lot of people playing is to try a server reset. This should cause them to despawn. You can also set waypoints with it. REALLY IMPORTANT EDIT: With 1.5, this method of installation no longer works: you need to append the class files of the mod into the minecraft.jar file. If you're unsure how to do this, you can simply download a copy of the already modded minecraft.jar Here.       I found a really neat video a while ago of a Mega Mob Factory someone had made for farming Ham. I'm sure you could do the same with a mob of creepers. After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. There are a number of mods that claim to improve FPS in Minecraft. My experience is limited to OptiFine (an updated version of Optimine from around version 1.2) on 1.8.1, but I do see a very significant improvement in my FPS. Although it's a bit non-specific, I have seen my FPS on a Mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth. I think the underwater tunnel concept is pretty cool but I never gave it a try until this post reminded me about it. After spending too much time dropping sand and picking it up again, I think I came up with a decent method to make underwater walkways in the least amount of time.