Do you want to read about Superman, flying around, watching kidnappers, catching them and throw them into jail, or do you want to read about that drunken bummer watching how this girl was kidnapped and no-one believes him? Who realizes that he is the only hope for that poor kid, which reminds him of his dead daughter (the reason he has started to drink in the first place)? Even if you describe monumental battles, nothing really happens. The reader knows who will win from the beginning. There is no suspense, tension, anything worth reading on. Just imagine Superman without Kryptonite: boring. (Besides that, Superman is one of the most boring characters anyway.) If your character is already a god, in which direction should he develop? A good story shows how the protagonist goes from one end of the spectrum to the other. What the "spectrum" is, is defined by you, the author, for every new novel. A fiction writer writes most of the time about things he has no clue about (rape, dragons, murder, drugs, alien invasions). Maybe you take drugs, but you never met an alien. Writers make up shit, so start doing that. Then your characters will vary. Also, even Christie's work has at least one stable, non-chameleon character --the detective, the firm foundation around which the rest of the plot can revolve. One of the biggest "lessons learned" he cited (and I'm really paraphrasing and interpreting here!) is that being black is normalized in black authors' works, problematized in white authors' works. In other words, the black character in the black author's book is not thinking about being black unless there is some specific reason to do so (because to her it is not an intrinsically exceptional condition of existence). Consider Agatha Christie's Murder on the Orient Express. All the characters are lying about something, or misrepresenting themselves in some way. But they are essentially pieces in a chess match, or a jigsaw puzzle. They have interesting backstories, but ultimately they are just stock characters placed there to advance the murder-mystery plot. It works for this story, and this type of story, where the characters are disposable and interchangeable. But it's not as good for a more modern, more psychological story, where we need to actually care about the characters and have them come alive for us. In my opinion, when we read --or watch--, we are looking to learn something of value to our lives. We don't want a didactic lesson, but a visceral one, an emotional one. So we need a character and/or a situation we can identify with, that character needs to make choices, and those choices, for us, need to be either aspirational, the kinds of choices we can aspire to, or cautionary, the kinds of choices we should avoid. Note: By complete coincidence, I recently had a chance to attend a Q & A session with author Michael Chabon --who I referenced in my prior answer as a white author who does a good job writing black characters-- and I took the opportunity to ask him this question. I had originally edited this into my original answer, but it's really a separate answer, from a difference source. A fiction writer writes most of the time about things he has no clue about (rape, dragons, murder, drugs, alien invasions). Maybe you take drugs, but you never met an alien. Writers make up shit, so start doing that. Then your characters will vary. Adapting and developing means, if your hero had to shoot someone and you've never done something like that, then you can describe him nonetheless. You felt sad and guilty sometime in your life, I'm sure. Just adapt and push these feelings a little bit. If your character is already a god, in which direction should he develop? A good story shows how the protagonist goes from one end of the spectrum to the other. What the "spectrum" is, is defined by you, the author, for every new novel. If you ask me: Superman sucks! Do you want to read about Superman, flying around, watching kidnappers, catching them and throw them into jail, or do you want to read about that drunken bummer watching how this girl was kidnapped and no-one believes him? Who realizes that he is the only hope for that poor kid, which reminds him of his dead daughter (the reason he has started to drink in the first place)? All three of these games have been received well, but they sacrifice keeping the player in intense action in order to tell a powerful story. This attracts some players and pushes others away. There has actually been research into what aspects of video games players enjoy the most. A common model is Quantic Foundry's Gamer Motivation model. Their research indicates that there are six primary aspects of a game that can draw a gamer in - and each individual player will be interested in some, but not all, of those aspects, depending on their own personalities. What this means for you is that you need to think about what type of game you're making. Read the article I linked and decide whether immersion should be one of the core focuses of your game or not. Quite frankly, if it isn't, then spending a lot of time on your game's story is a waste and can even potentially drive away the kind of players you want to attract. There are in fact gamers out there who find stories to be annoying and want to get straight to the action!