Since there is no way your character will not be aware of their gender, I would suggest staying away from the first-person POV. Making your narrator so obviously unreliable will annoy most readers, just as @MarkBaker noted in his answer. If your story is a quest (as it was mentioned as well), you can title your chapters by the names of places your character(s) travel to, if you wish. 

Numbered chapters only give your readers an idea of what is an average length of a chapter in relation to the total number of pages in your book and offer them a break from the pace of the narration, because one has to turn a page to get to the next one. And don't even get me started on the critique sites. 

No, the "creative writing" is not a synonym for "fiction". Any documentary piece of work, such as someone's biography, or the account of the events, which happened aboard Titanic on the night of the crash, or the circumstances surrounding the falling of the Tungus meteorite in 1908, falls under the "creative writing" category by default, and while a section of the technical manual, dealing with troubleshooting of the piece of some farming equipment, probably does not belong there, a blog post, dedicated to a variety of methods of sharpening your katana, most likely does. So, unless you want to alienate your reader, you are pretty much limited to a POV of an observer, who is just as confused about your main character gender affiliation, as you want your readers to be. 

In your particular case, the samples you present can clearly be labeled "tell" (1) and "show" (2), and there is no one in the world to tell you what is better for your story, but you. Observe other people in real life, try to understand why they do things they do, even if you think you cannot be sympathetic and compassionate. 

In Robin Hobb's series of novels, one of the titular characters, Fool, who is ostensibly male in most appearances, later in the story assumes a female identity under the name Amber. It works for the story because it is done deliberately for the purpose of deception of other characters, and when the readers eventually start to question Fool's/Amber's gender, it is a sort of a bonus. Note, however, that the story is never told from the Fool's/Amber's POV, and that is the only way Hobb keeps the suspense going without outrageously lying to the reader. 

It is not, and you are absolutely and entirely right when you answer the question "how do you ..." with "whichever way pleases you", because the only rules a writer should follow (and I stress should vs. must) are the rules of grammar and, maybe, common sense—the latter, frankly, should be applied to any activity, creative, or not. Quote from the linked source, which pretty much summarizes the article: As for the feelings, you do not have to relate to them to understand them and their origin. You might not share an unconditional love which your crazy cat-lady neighbor exhibits for her 50 stinky cats, but surely there is something you treasure (not necessarily of a feline origin), so you can extrapolate. 

Sadly, yes, and the number (percentage?) of people, who are stuck in that corner is nothing short of horrifying. This site is not an exception. Absolutely. Write everything from the first-person POV, and state clearly that you do not give a damn about others (that is actually going to be my next writing endeavor), then write a prequel, in which you are five-year-old and describe in details what in the world your parents did to you to make you this way. Then a sequel... 

You can use date or timestamps (as it was mentioned elsewhere) is the names of the chapters, if the timeline is important to the story and to elevate the sense of urgency of what is happening. If there is a time bomb ticking, you can use the countdown markers ( 4 hours to big boom, 3 hours to big boom, etc.)