Any effectively axiomatized formal system that extends a very basic theory of formal arithmetic called Robinson Arithmetic (Q) will contain an undecidable sentence. In full generality, you can state the syntactic version of the First Incompleteness Theorem as follows: It is, according to Wittgenstein, a paradigmatically philosophical conceit to put distance between a rule (viewed in abstraction) and the understanding of a rule. Only in philosophy are we tempted to talk like this: in reality (i.e. in language games that arise naturally in our form of life) rules are followed in the same way that commands are carried out, viz. as a reaction to prompts and ostensive definitions carried out in a shared form of life (what in our case we may call a shared 'linguistic environment'.) This is what Wittgenstein means when he says that by "interpretation" we should understand simply alternative ways of expressing (as opposed to understanding) the same rule. This is as general a statement of the theorem as you can get. Note that Kleene - in your quotation - is talking about the semantic version of the theorem. What Godel originally proved however involved no semantic notions such as truth, arithmetical truth etc. Whether or not you can see/recognize/acknowledge G as true depends on the semantic/intensional understanding of G - it is a common misconception that Godel wanted to prove the limitations of arithmetical truth. The background he was working against was Hilbertian formalism - so his primary concern was to demonstrate the purely syntactic limitations of formal systems. So, in full syntactic generality, (G1T) says (informally) that no approriate manipulation of symbols in any formal system complicated enough to contain some arithmetic will end up with G. To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. This is as general a statement of the theorem as you can get. Note that Kleene - in your quotation - is talking about the semantic version of the theorem. What Godel originally proved however involved no semantic notions such as truth, arithmetical truth etc. Whether or not you can see/recognize/acknowledge G as true depends on the semantic/intensional understanding of G - it is a common misconception that Godel wanted to prove the limitations of arithmetical truth. The background he was working against was Hilbertian formalism - so his primary concern was to demonstrate the purely syntactic limitations of formal systems. So, in full syntactic generality, (G1T) says (informally) that no approriate manipulation of symbols in any formal system complicated enough to contain some arithmetic will end up with G. It is, according to Wittgenstein, a paradigmatically philosophical conceit to put distance between a rule (viewed in abstraction) and the understanding of a rule. Only in philosophy are we tempted to talk like this: in reality (i.e. in language games that arise naturally in our form of life) rules are followed in the same way that commands are carried out, viz. as a reaction to prompts and ostensive definitions carried out in a shared form of life (what in our case we may call a shared 'linguistic environment'.) This is what Wittgenstein means when he says that by "interpretation" we should understand simply alternative ways of expressing (as opposed to understanding) the same rule. Any effectively axiomatized formal system that extends a very basic theory of formal arithmetic called Robinson Arithmetic (Q) will contain an undecidable sentence. In full generality, you can state the syntactic version of the First Incompleteness Theorem as follows: To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional.