(d) Another, more stable currency These 2 sections of the Quran to me seem to be saying that when it's time for worship, worship! When it's time to work, work! Work could possibly be considered a type of worship if your have the correct intention. However, I'm no scholar, so you should probably get this clarified by someone more reputable. English translation of the Quran by Muhsin Khan So my question is, if all relaxants and intoxicants are not forbidden, which types are not forbidden? i.e. which relaxants and intoxicants were not forbidden by the prophet of islam and/or God when the prophet of islam was alive? Relaxants: A drug used to promote relaxation or reduce tension. Languor: The state or feeling, often pleasant, of tiredness or inertia That all kinds of bit seems to tell me that many different types of intoxicants and relaxants were forbidden but not all. If it had said forbade ALL intoxicants and relaxants, that to mean would mean that absolutely ALL intoxicants and relaxants are forbidden. But the above hadith says all kinds of instead of all. Is calling people by their first name considered disrespectful in Islam? Prefer sunni view with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. I posted a thread previously about differences in cultures. Again, I am part of 2 cultures, and based on 1 of them, parents apologising to children is a very good thing, it is considered setting a good example and it teaches the child manners and also respecting them at the same time if the parent does something wrong and apologies to the child. So in the first culture, if your granddad's name is John Smith, it is perfectly respectable to call him John, and would be considered weird to call him granddad. By saying something like "ohhh, sorry, are you OK"? 1 culture I am part of recommends this, the other culture considers this almost sin like. What does islam encourage? That parents are too high in their position as a parent to apologies to children, or parents should teach their children by apologising to them if needed to set an example? Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. The other culture I am part of considers this to be almost sin like, i.e. a parent never ever apologies to a child, no matter what, even in an accident situation or even if the parent wrongs the child and realises later that s/he wronged the child.