How can one establish the nature of a person/group to the reader without relying on actions to 'show' it? For example, if I have a group which is evil, how could I convey that to the reader without actions? Telling is of course an option, but I feel like I need to back it up with something, so the reader will know the group is evil beyond a doubt. You can see how it's a lot easier to understand. Add in focusing on the character rather than the actions, and you have it. 

In addition to simply conveying the nature of the person/group, I need to do so in a way that dispels all doubt. The reader needs to know that this person or group is good, evil, or whatever their nature is. And I need to do it without relying on actions. How can I do this? 

Your trouble in finding a word is that it does not exist. You will need to use adjectives and other descriptions to properly describe it. You can also usually get away with a very brief amount of telling. For example, you could say, "early in the morning," or, "a few minutes later," or, "around dinner time." 

Assuming you want your novel to be read multiple times, what can you do to make it re-readable? 

The first sentence is the pause in the story/narration. In the second sentence, the narration resumes. In my experience, this sort of thing is generally frowned upon by writers. The reader is there for the story, not your commentary. 

Alternatively, I'm going for a passive approach. I want a character or group to be inherently understood to be evil. Action is not off of the table, but it's not the reason why they are considered evil (you can reinforce the image with actions all you want). The reason they are considered evil is _____. That blank space is what I'm looking for. The other thing you can do is to equate the clothing with something that looks similar. 

Combat Before you address martial arts in fiction, you want to avoid the combat trap I (and apparently many others) have fallen into. If this doesn't apply to you, great. Skip this section. I am an aspiring author. I've often heard that you have to keep your 'target audience' in mind. It makes sense - certain genres attract certain crowds. Well... I want my books to reach as many people as possible. I've heard of books that transcend - or contain - two genres. Snow Falling on Cedars is a good example. Though I have not read it, from what I have heard, it appears to be both a mystery and a romance novel. A book I have in mind has an interesting premise involving time travel. It obviously starts out as a science fiction genre, but could easily delve into historical. Mystery and romance could also be viable genres, based on what happens. The overall genre of the book, however, would likely remain Science Fiction, thus avoiding that dreaded title 'uncategorized.' If I transcended, say, four or five genres, my book would likely attract people of all kinds, right? Or is there a disadvantage to transcending more than two genres?