Stoning married adulterers is a revelation from Allah ﷻ. This is why the Prophet ﷺ and his companions did so. The verses you quoted on flogging refer to unmarried adulterers. In the Holy Qur'an 3:144, it says In this hadith (attributed to 'Umar and not to the Prophet ﷺ), which was documented in several other books of hadith (e.g., Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Nasa'i, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Baihaqi, Sunan Ibn Majah, Musnad Abi Ya'la, Musnad Ahamd ibn Hanbal, Musnad Al-Humaidi, Musannaf Abi Shaiba, Al-Mustadrak, and others), 'Umar is predicting (and it is possible that this was based on something that 'Umar heard from the Prophet ﷺ) there would come a time when people would question the ruling of stoning adulterers. He added that it was revealed in the Qur'an, and that it was practiced by the Prophet ﷺ, and by his companions after him. The verse in the Qur'an was abrogated in recitation but not in ruling. This is also confirmed by 'A'isha bint Abu Bakr: The hadith was narrated on the authority of ibn Abi Najeeh through his father. Al Baihaqi commented that the Prophet is like other prophets before his time that also died or were killed, so both are possible for the Prophet. Is celebrating the birthday of the Prophet ﷺ an innovation? Yes. — NOTE: Translation from The Spirit of Islam: A History of the Evolution and Ideals of Islam, chapter 9: Messenger of Allah said, “A strong believer is better and dearer to Allah than a weak one, and both are good. Adhere to that which is beneficial for you. Keep asking Allah for help and do not refrain from it. If you are afflicted in any way, do not say: ‘If I had taken this or that step, it would have resulted into such and such,’ but say only: ‘Allah so determined and did as He willed.’ The word ‘if’ opens the gates of satanic thoughts”. Regarding your other concern sending another kind of salawat to be biddah so what kind of salawat is "Mola Ya salli wasallim daiman abadan" every muslim knows it and recite it very well.Majority of Scholars have said your quoted salawat to be permissible. Mankind inherited from the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him a great Islamic tradition when he said: Keeping in mind that teachings of the Judaism is not assosciated with Propet Moses or Moosa peace be upon him or christianity to prophet Jesus or Isa peace be upon him directly as they are later formed and their inspiration contradict to the teachings of Prophet Abraham (Ibrahim).So on one side both Jews and Christians claim to follow the way of Prophet Abraham peace be upon him but are also involved in Shirk. This day I have perfected for you your religion and completed My favor(Na'mat) upon you and have approved for you Islam as religion.Quran (5:3) When this caravan reached madina Rasulullah salAllahu alayhi wasallam was busy in constructing the houses for his family near the masjid e nabawi and all his family stayed in those houses. In the pre-Islamic era of Arabia, fathers commonly became extremely angry and disgraced with the birth of a female child into their family. Some considered it an evil omen. Allah, the Exalted, describes the father's reception of the news about the birth of a daughter: (And they say: What is in the bellies of such cattle (whether milk or fetus) is for the male alone, and forbidden from our females, however, if it was born dead, then all have shares therein...) (6:139 Quran) It was narrated from Anas that: The Prophet (ﷺ) said: "I passed by the grave of Musa, peace be upon him, and he was praying in his grave."(Nasai) All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Allah swt and His Messenger knows best. It is narrated from Ibn Abbas Ra which interpretes that some well known jews and christians from madinah gathered and did debate with Muslims on religion and claiming their religion to be best and refusing prophethood of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him ,rejecting Quran as the holy book and asking muslims to enter into their deen or religion so Allah Swt revealed this ayah. That shows they were not living altogether but exact could not be confirmed from it. Anas (May Allah be pleased with him) reported: When Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) went to Mina, he came to Jamrat-ul-'Aqabah and threw pebbles at it. After that, he went to his lodge in Mina and sacrificed. Then he called for a barber and pointed his right side to him, said, "Shave from here." Then he pointed his left side and said, "Take (hair) from here." Then he distributed his hair among the people. [Al-Bukhari and Muslim]. “I (God) will greatly increase your pains in childbearing; with pain you will bear children. Your desire will be for your husband and he will rule over you.” (Genesis 3:16) So Martyrs are not above the level of Prophets so when they are alive how come we could not assume such about Prophets as well by the above clear hadith.