Your idea isn't bad, but it needs more research. A human mental state cannot endure 10+ years (especially if MC is a teenager and the abuser is the dad) of abuse without being broken. There are going to be trust issues with men. Someone like a Father who is one of the most important roles to children and daughters, broke their trust, and will. There is a reason that people have "Daddy Issues". It isn't as light of a joke as people like to toss it around. Abuse means that they believe this person to be in control through fear. It means they believe they are worthless to anyone but this abuser. It means that even though the front door is wide open to escape, they believe and are convinced that the second they walk through it, there is nothing they can do in the world and that the abuser will find them, torture them, and bring them back. Conflict doesn't always mean a fight but rather a road block that hinders MC from getting to the main goal. Maybe MC wants to play basketball but is not good enough to make the team. They have to practice to be good enough. Maybe along the way in that story, they get a BF or GF who distracts them from their practicing which creates a side conflict and they have to choose between them or practice. You need to think about what is the overall goal of the story. I hate watching sitcoms/tv because they lack a broad story but rather each episode is a story separate from each other (for the most part) without an ending until the producers decide to take them off air. Is your goal that the MC get's accepted into a top college? Then maybe MC struggles in a critical class needed to be accepted or they don't have enough life experiences like in the movie 21. conflict is always created when 2 people have a difference of opinions. There is no magical formula or "trick". It's a natural part of life and society. To be without conflict means nothing grows, nothing improves. Everything stays status quo because no one has an issue with the way things are. Conflict is easy to generate.... 2 girls like the same guy, 2 guys like the same girl. 10 people are trying to get accepted for a job that has 1 opening. Competition brings out conflict. A teenager has to choose between sneaking out to go to a friend's party or staying home as their parents instructed. Again conflict within 1 person is created. Do you choose pasta or chow mein? again an internal conflict is created. It is hard to give advice without knowing your story. convey (someone or something) in a furtive or stealthy way. You don't need to write a long, descriptive, prose-filled passage to show he is happy or feeling great about the trip. You can do this throughout the hours leading up to the trip by expressing emotions and happy actions that he is doing while getting ready. As you can tell, by definition, to be sneaking requires an action, not clothing. Does clothing help? of course, but clothing is not the factor in telling if someone is sneaking. it is the ACTION. Crouching, laying low, slithering, crawling. Action words or images that can be drawn to denote sneaking in context of words. move or go in a furtive or stealthy manner. Until someone shows them the light, the truth, until a kind hand gently touches them and pushes them out the door and says you have nothing to be afraid of or that this situation is very wrong, this life is going to seem normal. do or obtain (something) in a stealthy or furtive way. So think about your target audience, think about the characters and their personalities. You said that they are each already significantly different from each other. They may already be memorable but because you have spent so much time working with them, they don't feel "unique" to you. My suggestion would be to give it to someone with fresh eyes and preferably void of any or most knowledge of your story. Let them experience it just like someone who were to pick up your book from the shelf without knowing anything about the book. See what they say and feel about the character development after they are done. Hopefully they give you a good honest opinion. "someone sneaked a camera inside" To be unbroken from abuse while... not impossible, is not... likely. You can be defiant... for a time. You can be mentally able to endure the verbal lashing... for a while. If it's her father, this abusive behavior is all she knows and would not particularly be "resistant" to it because it is all she knows. Would something feel off? Of course, but it would be rationalized to well every family has their issues or it's just his way of showing he cares. There are going to be deep rooted issues that may not come to surface until someone else comes and hits a trigger. Attach the emotions to actions. As he loads the boat with his belongings for the trip, does he quickly toss his bags into his cabin eager to get started? Or does he just simply prepare the boat for departure? Does he skip around and whistle his favorite sailing tune while making preparations? Or does he just walk up to the boat and prepare to depart? Is he able to sleep the night before? Most times people can't sleep on the eve of doing something they are excited or nervous about.