* Keep in mind that bias enters these numbers twice: magazine readership is not representative of the population, nor are those who respond to magazine polls representative of magazine readership. But in this case, they actually might have been fairly accurate (see the second bullet point). I'm not claiming that there wasn't poverty, hunger, and hardship during the Depression: there definitely was death due to starvation during the 1930s. But in no sense did the United States experience anything on the scale of the Holodomor. Would Hoover (who helped address Russian famine after WWI) or FDR (father of the modern American welfare state) have allowed around 5% of the population to starve to death when the nation literally had more food than it knew what to do with? 

Citation for Gallup Poll: USGALLUP.DC2036.R01; sample size around 1,500. I can't provide a direct link because I found it at the Roper Center's Public Opinion Archives, which is a password-protected database. Sources: The first two polls can be found at the Polling the Nations repository. The full Carnegie Endowment study can be found here. There's a lot more in it; it's worth checking out. 

This has something to do with transliterating of words from Hebrew to Greek to Latin to English. That's three different alphabets and four different phonetic systems. Hebrew and English both have a letter for the "Y" phoneme, but Greek and Latin don't, so something got lost in transliteration. Unsurprisingly, many people who do not want a legal prohibition against interracial marriage are nonetheless "uneasy" with a relative entering into an interracial marriage. Still, the general trend of greatest tolerance in New England and least tolerance in the South holds. The Mid-Atlantic and the West are in between the two extremes. 

East North Central = Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio 

Mountain = Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico 

The Jordan River is referenced in the Hebrew Bible as the "Yarden". It's very common for English versions of Hebrew words to use a "J" where the biblical Hebrew has a yud ("y" sound). Yehoshua became Joshua, Yahweh became Jehova, and the Yarden River became the Jordan River. 

The basic effectiveness of these poverty relief programs is evident in the fact that historians and economists are consistently unable to find increases in American mortality attributable to the Great Depression (with the exception of suicide). 

After World War I, the region was made a British protectorate called Transjordan (as Pieter Geerkens points out), although English use of "Transjordan" predates the protectorate. Transjordan roughly means "the other side of the Jordan River." This name obviously doesn't make much sense to the people actually living in Jordan, so after independence the country's common English name was shortened to "Jordan." 

This is further corroborated by a flyer circulated by Montgomery's Women's Political Council after Parks' arrest. According to the WPC (who were in a position to know) Parks was the second woman in Montgomery other than Colvin to be arrested for this: The results from the Literary Digest Prohibition Polls are at this link. To summarize them: 

But lest we think that citizens of former Soviet nations are actually pining for Stalin, only 15% of Azerbaijanis, 18% of Russians, 22% of Armenians, and 24% of Georgians would "like to live in a country ruled by a person like Stalin." The study also finds that younger generations have "a growing indifference to Stalin." West North Central = Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas * 1972 is the earliest GSS, so unfortunately we do not have data from the period before Loving vs. Virginia. Obviously, destroying food didn't sit well with many people, so in October 1933 Congress created the Federal Surplus Relief Corporation. The FSRC 

It was very rare. In Montgomery (which OP specifically asks about), the passengers mentioned above are the only other passengers arrested before Parks, according to History.com, this NPR story, and every other source I can find. So with that political history aside, we need to explain where that "J" in the river's name came from. That answer recapitulates in miniature the historical process that created the oldest English translations of the Hebrew Bible, which were based on Latin translations of Greek translations of the original Hebrew. 

English versions of these words were often borrowed directly from the written Latin versions. English speakers did not begin to consistently differentiate i and j until the 17th century, so they came to pronounce these words with the hard "J" that you find in the modern English pronunciation of Jordan--and Judea, Joshua, Jerusalem, Jehovah, Jehoshaphat, and so on--instead of the soft J that you find in words like "Hallelujah." This is because the English word for the country of Jordan is ultimately derived from the biblical Hebrew word for the Jordan River, not from the modern Arabic name for the country. We can see a similar process in the transition from the Hebrew "Yehuda" to the English "Judea." The Greeks represented the "Y" sound in writing with an IO combination, which was then represented in Latin by the IU combination. At some point, "J" was added to the Latin alphabet, and a lot of leading "I's" in Latin became written as J's.