I think it was less "something special or dramatic happened circa 1971" than "gradual evolution of social attitudes" (not unlike what we see in various countries today with gay marriage). Edit in response to Mark C. Wallace: Passing a popular referendum is a much higher bar than say passing a law (e.g. UK, 1918) or a constitutional amendment (e.g. US, 1920). (Edit: I don't mean in general. I mean just for the issue of women's suffrage. Just my opinion.) And in France for example, the Committee for National Liberation simply gave women the right to vote in 1944. Were it by referendum, it would probably have taken years more before French women had the right to vote (though perhaps not as late as 1971). In Switzerland, it had to pass a popular referendum. (Switzerland also joined the UN and legalized abortion only in 2002 — both decisions that were passed through referendum.) Similarly in Liechtenstein, 1984, where the 4th referendum in 16 years only narrowly passed despite support from newspapers and both major political parties. But if you are a legislator, it is unclear whether women voting is necessarily a bad thing. Indeed with women voting, this might be a good thing for some legislators, who can now get a bigger proportion of votes. One might then ask, "Why are (male) legislators more inclined than the general male population to give women the vote?" Here's the timeline suggesting just such a gradual evolution: 1959 national referendum: Rejected 66.9% to 33.1%. Introduction of Women's Suffrage at the Cantonal Level. 1959: Vaud and Neuchâtel. 1960: Geneva. 1966: Basel-Stadt. 1968: Basel-Landschaft. 1969: Ticino. 1970: Valais, Lucerne, Zurich. 1971: Aargau, Fribourg, Schaffhausen and Zug. Feb 1971: National referendum passes 65.7% - 34.3%. The Appenzells only gave women the right to vote (cantonal) in 1989 and 1990. I think asking why the Swiss referendum succeeded specifically in 1971 is a bit like asking why regarding gay marriage in the US, Obergefell v. Hodges "succeeded" specifically in 2015. Or why there was a crossover point in support for gay marriage in 2011: When the British Army took control of the interior of Ceylon in 1815 under the Kandyan Convention, the island became a new Crown colony. It was therefore never part of the later British Raj created in 1858. So the real question isn't so much why Sri Lanka separated, but rather why didn't Ceylon merge into the Company Raj in India. - Library of Congress. "Democratic National Political Conventions 1832-2008." Library of Congress. Although one might describe the Shogunate as hereditary (in the same sense that the Crown of the Holy Roman Empire was "hereditary"), the office of Shogun was technically an Imperial appointment. Powerful samurai clans lobby the Imperial Court for appointment to this office, in order to legitimise their military governments with the backing of Japan's ancient civic laws. The heredity of their feudal power gave the impression of hereditary succession to their chosen titles[Note 1], but this is not strictly accurate. - Haydon, Colin, and William Doyle, eds. Robespierre. Cambridge University Press, 2006. It may be easier to understand the way that the system worked if you remember that most votes were controlled by this network of patronage. Individual patrons were often themselves caught up in the network of patronage of more important figures. It would not be at all unusual for someone to repay a favour to one patron by calling their clients to support a particular candidate (say from the Optimates) for election as a Praetor, while simultaneously also agreeing with another patron to support a candidate from the rival camp (in this example, the Populares) for election as an Aedile at the same time. Political support in Rome was primarily mobilised by patronage or clientela - the relationship between wealthy, influential patrons and their poorer but free dependants. The concept is complex to modern eyes (and I suspect it was not much less complex to ancient Roman eyes). It had some elements that we might think of as the more modern notion of noblesse-oblige. Other aspects we might associate with the techniques employed by modern drug lords or Mafia kingpins. These could involve acts of charity and patronage or through the use of enforcers with clubs and brass knuckles. If a patron changed sides, he would expect his clientele to come with him. This usurpation of royal authority undermined Zhou's heavily impaired prestige, and contributed strongly towards the increasing expansion of the eastern lords. At the same time, the paralysis of royal leadership at a time of pressing barbarian threats, also provided a vacuum for the more powerful vassal states to step in and take up the mantle of defending Hwa-Hsia. This border in particular seems straight because a huge 3,500 km section of the Canadian-US border was somewhat arbitrarily fixed at the 49th parallel. Most of the border west of the Lake of the Woods was first proposed in 1807, and decided in the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, with the Oregon section finalised in the Oregon Treaty. It is important to realise that Hitler did not gain dictatorial powers solely by virtue of winning a democratic election (though the Nazi electoral performance helped immensely). In fact, in the last generally free election of Weimar Germany, the Nazi party's share of votes had actually declined by over 4% compared to the previous one. The Taira, a cadet branch of the imperial family who gained power by usurping royal authority to bestow high offices and governorships on their own kin. The Minamoto, another branch of the imperial family who established the first shogunate after overthrowing the Taira. The Hōjō, stewards of the Minamoto Shogunate. Took over real power when the Direct Minamoto line suddenly died off. The Ashikaga, a branch of the Minamoto clan. Founded the second shogunate when Ashikaga Takauji championed the anti-Hōjō cause after the latter's dictatorial rule provoked a revolt. The Toyotomi, who inherited the conquests of Oda Nobunaga. They took over the Fujiwara's court positions and ruled Japan in the name of the traditional civil government. The Tokugawa, founders of the third shogunate after usurping power from the Toyotomi. They claimed descent from Minamoto and Fujiwara origins, but that seems to be a forgery. One might consider Japan in this period similar to a modern constitutional monarchy, except of course real power was won on the field of battle, rather than in democratic elections.