The reason is that try is a two-place predicate that assigns an Agent theta role to Mary and a Theme (or similar) role to its infinitival complement, whereas seems is monadic (in your example), must assign just one theta role, to its complement, and cannot have a second argument in its specifier to which it can assign Agent (or any other) role. [Of course, seems may also be two-place, e.g., in It seems to me that Mary is an excellent teacher, but in that case it must have two 'internal' arguments, and assign a Theme role to the subordinate clause and an Experiencer role to the PP complement to me; under no circumstances can it assign an Agent role to the PP to me, because Agent is never assigned to an internal argument in complement position; Agent can only be assigned in Spec v/V position, and, of course, never by a non-agentive verb like seems]. 

The following six Spanish sentences are different versions of the question/different questions corresponding to the unmarked declarative sentence Alguien más podría haber estado usando su ordenador (= Somebody else could have been using your computer) and all but (6) are acceptable, but how exactly are they derived under current minimalist assumptions, why is (6) excluded, and what consequences follow as to which of them is/are more ‘economical’ (and presumably ‘unmarked’) and which are less ‘economical’, ‘marked’ and reserved for special ‘informational’ uses? 

In my view, there is a very simple argument you can deploy to justify the claim that in He himself the head is he, not himself (assuming he himself is a single NP/DP constituent, which is a possible analysis, but not necessarily the right or only one, since himself need not appear next to he): if the contrary were true, the whole NP/DP would inherit the grammatical properties of himself, rather than those of he, would not carry nominative Case, and therefore could not be a legitimate subject of a finite clause like ...he himself could enjoy the corn. Furthermore, if himself were the head, he would have to be an optional 'adjunct' (note that it cannot be a complement, since himself is saturated), and, since optional adjuncts, by definition, need not be present, himself could by himself act as a DP/NP in subject position. Apart from the case issue that would raise, it would follow that an anaphor need not have a binding antecedent c-commanding it in the smallest clause that contains the reflexive, which, of course, violates Principle A of Binding Theory. 

As a consequence of that difference in argument structure between try and seem, in a sentence like Mary tried [PRO to be there] a PRO is needed in the subordinate clause to discharge the Theme role projected by the predicate be there and some other argument (Mary, in this case) is also needed to discharge the Agent role assigned by try in the upper clause to its own Spec V. If you had only one argument, i.e., if you base-generated Mary as the specifier of be (there) in the subordinate clause, and then raised it into the Spec of the higher verb try, the chain formed by Mary in Spec try and its trace in Spec be (or by the two copies of Mary, under the 'Copy Theory of Movement') would receive two theta roles (Agent and Theme, respectively), the Theta Criterion would be violated, and the derivation would be ungrammatical. (Under later versions of Chomskian grammar, of course, that Theta Criterion violation need no longer be invoked to block the derivation: since Mary already has a valued role attribute in Spec be, it could never be raised into a higher thematic position, e.g., Spec try, because there would be no feature to check in Spec try and Economy would automatically forbid that movement. Mary could still raise, of course, but not in search of a second theta role; it could raise directly into Spec Tense, for example, to check its Nominative Case feature there, but it would have to do so skipping Spec try, and therefore would never get assigned a second theta role as Agent of try anyway. 

Note that such objections emerge even at the most elementary level of metatheoretic analysis, in the simplest grammatical sentences, but there is rather more than that to account for in a natural language, isn´t there? There is, at least in many languages, an extremely subtle 'word order' (just think of the ordering restrictions among the more than forty different classes of adverbs that Cinque has identified), and, of course, there is 'scope','displacement', 'discontinuity', 'island (accessibility) constraints', 'minimality effects', 'superiority effects', 'reconstruction effects', and there is 'binding', and 'control', etc., etc., etc. 

In the case of Spanish, the standard pro-form for definite direct objects of transitive verbs is one of the paradigm le/la/lo, and, clauses being neuter gender, it would be lo, and the standard pro-form for attributes of stative verbs like ser or parecer (this case) is also lo. Spanish, unlike English, completely neutralises the D.O./Attribute opposition (in this respect). 

Assuming that languages do not create complexities in vain, the existence in Mandarin of two different propositional negation devices - via “bù”, an adverb, and “méi” or “méiyou” (verbs) - seems to point to relevant differences between the negated 'predications' and possibly between the ontological properties of the ‘states of affairs/events’ that such predications describe. However, what such difference(s) may be is as yet unclear to me. 

(2) Fauré deserves comparing __ to Prokofiev (= to be/being compared...) 

As you can see, there are at least two rather solid arguments in support of the standard view that only he can be the head of the construction he himself (if it really is a 'construction' - a constituent, say at surface level - and has to be analysed as a single NP/DP). In case, however, you should remain skeptical and ask "How do you know that himself is not nominative?", the answer would be straightforward: if it were, * Himself could enjoy the corn should be a mere violation of Principle A of Binding Theory and Him could enjoy the corn should be a possible English sentence, but, of course, it is not. Finally, if you were to ask me, "How, come, can himself carry accusative case at all if there is neither a preposition nor a verb governing it whether it follows he or appears clause finally?", I can contemplate two possible answers: a), perhaps the most plausible one, that there is a hidden preposition (by, or maybe for?) (cf. He did it himself < He did it by himself), as there arguably is in cases like I saw her Saturday/last weekend, or b) that accusative is the 'elsewhere', or 'default', case (since nominative and genitive are assigned only in very specific contexts, subject of a finite verb or specifier of a Determiner or a noun, depending on your preferences concerning NP structure, respectively), an approach that the existence of 'absolute accusatives' in Latin and other languages could arguably endorse.