The Impending Crisis: 1848–1861 I've tried to cover the major attempts here, but there were many other attempts that I did not list. Other sources- Members of Congress Who Die in Office: Historic and Current Practices However, it appears this info was copied directly from another article(warning: large file) which goes into much deeper detail about the tavern. However, it says no more about the tunnel. It does not say when the building was constructed, but it does allude to the late 1700s. It is found in Monroe, New York. It could be what you're looking for. The US constitution stated that no amendment regarding slavery or direct taxes could be permitted until 1808. This was mostly to give the states time to decide what to do about the matter before an amendment to the Constitution was made. So, to sum it up, for the most part, the signers signed with the rest of the signers from their respective state. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_African-American_Civil_Rights_Movement According to this page, 815 House Representatives have died in office (it does not include the last three members to die in office. I included them in the previously stated number). One notable person was Robert Carter III of Virginia, who freed more than 450 slaves by "Deed of Gift", filed in 1791. This was more slaves than any other single American had freed or would ever free. The latest Constitutions of North Carolina, Illinois, and Virginia all became effective on the same day (July 1, 1971). Was this coincidental, or was there some coordination going on? If so, why did they choose to concurrently make effective their Constitutions? The First Emancipator: Slavery, Religion and the Quiet Revolution of Robert Carter The Society for the Relief of Free Negroes Unlawfully Held in Bondage was the first American abolition society; it was formed in 1775, primarily by Quakers in Philadelphia. Rhode Island Quakers, associated with Moses Brown, were among the first in America to free slaves. Who was the first US police officer killed in the line of duty? When and where did it take place? By US police officer, I mean any active-duty police officer working for any force in the US post-constitution. Isabella Baumfree, a former slave, changed her name to Sojourner Truth and began preaching for the abolition of slavery in 1843. Nat Turner led the most successful slave rebellion in U.S. history in 1831. The rebellion was suppressed, but only after many deaths. Our grand total is 1113 US congressmen to die in office since the 1st US Congress in 1789, as of April 25, 2012. One of the first to attempt to abolish the slavery trade in the American colonies was Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson included strong anti-slavery trade language in the original draft of the Declaration of Independence, but other delegates removed it. As President, Jefferson signed the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves on March 2, 1807, which took effect in 1808 (which was the earliest it could have came into effect). However, whether or not Jefferson was a true abolitionist is debatable, as Jefferson kept hundreds of slaves himself. He privately struggled over the issue of slavery. See this Wikipedia page for more details concerning this issue. John Hancock was the President of Congress. So, as stated, he signed first and largest. In the leftmost block are the signers from Georgia. In the block immediately to the right of that one are the signers from North Carolina. The block below contains the signers from South Carolina. This pattern continues throughout with a few exceptions. Here is a visualization: The Jefferson image in the American mind The Transformation of American Abolitionism: Fighting Slavery in the Early Republic John Brown led a famous raid in 1859, and seized federal Harpers Ferry Armory, which contained tens of thousands of weapons. Brown believed that the South was on the verge of a gigantic slave uprising and that one spark would set it off. However, he was eventually hung in 1859. He was a major cause of the Civil War. According to this page, 298 Senators have died in office (it does not include the last member to die, who died in 2010. I included him in the previously stated number).