What one would need to do in order to become convert to Catholicism, would be largely up to the priest. I have a friend who is a convert who showed up on a priests doorstep 30 some years ago and the priest gave him one-on-one instruction until he joined the church. But others, Lutherans in particular, say "all the priest said to do was make a general confession", other parishes have RCIA programs led by lay ministers similar to Catechetical instruction for children leading up to their confirmation. 

ยง2. Those baptized in a non-Catholic ecclesial community must not be baptized conditionally unless, after an examination of the matter and the form of the words used in the conferral of baptism and a consideration of the intention of the baptized adult and the minister of the baptism, a serious reason exists to doubt the validity of the baptism. 

Same basic format as Sunday mass, but read from a different part of the book. The power that the apostles confer to their successors, the Bishops and their helpers, the priests, has the eternal significance of both bringing down Jesus to be with us in the Holy Sacrament of the Altar and acting In Persona Christi to forgive sins in the confessional. In one sense, yeah, he's telling us to do this, but in another sense. The sense that the Pharisees knew in Mark 2:7: It's not a sin to believe what you believe to the absolute exclusion of all else, especially when what you believe is what you have come to know is the truth. Where there is truth in other sects, the Catholic can participate, but when a practice ardently excludes Jesus implicitly like in Judaism or explicitly like in Islam one must guard ones self against what can only be describe as Jesus-less worship. You just cannot be Christian and drop in to Jesus-free mode because it suits your tastebuds. Catholic calendars usually say, St. Agnes Virgin, Martyr to signify which prayers are supposed to be read in the Liturgy of the Hours (unless otherwise noted the section you read for a saint like St. Agnes is called the 'Common of Virgins') it also signifies what colors are supposed to be worn by the priest at Mass. Red for martyrs, white for other saints (including virgins). This is not part of the Mass and doesn't even necessarily need to coincide with the Mass for the Dead. It's pretty much the same as at any other secular(ish) event. 

This looks like a job for... Canon Law 869 He didn't tell Mary Magdalene to do this, he didn't tell His Blessed Mother to do this, he didn't tell Pontius Pilate to do this, he didn't tell the Pharisees to do this, he didn't tell Lazarus to do this, he didn't tell Jarius to do this, he didn't even tell John the Baptist to do this. 

In any event, our justification is that Jesus told his disciples to do this: 

What are the cultural/social norms around interacting with the mourners? 

Fear of God's punishment (imperfect contrition) Desire to love God and please him (perfect contrition) If they don't have these things, then they're not truly forgiven, there's no magic involved here. There is only forgiveness and Jesus. The priest sort of recedes into the background here. He's incredibly helpful because he often gives you great advice anonymously and freely. But the forgiveness part, that's all the Holy Spirit. and could hardly be considered incumbent on the entirety of the Christendom in a place where The liturgical part of the process can be found in this book I bought it and read through it because I'd like my dad to become Catholic, but it's not much help really. It is also prayed as part of the Angelus (a prayer traditionally prayed at 6:00 AM, Noon, and 6:00 PM). 

The requirements for joining the Church are different for unbaptized folks than for baptized. Either way, the RCIA process is followed and culminates with all three sacraments of initiation Baptism, Eucharist and Confirmation (with the exception of Baptism for the already Baptized) . 

Beyond all this, the banning of a simple meal, never could have taken place. Church laws are mostly self-accusatory unless they bring scandal. So, a large meal, with Disobedient Christians and Jews, would bring scandal, but a small meal, wherein a Christian family shared a bit of cheese with a Jewish one or vice versa, would not bring scandal. Likewise a Christian probably would not be allowed to partake in big meals on Jewish feast days. But, for the most part, a Catholic still isn't allowed to fully partake in big meals on Jewish feast days. Because of scruples from both religions. 

I'm preparing a class on the institution of the Eucharist and my text says 

The gist of it is, there's no need for re-baptism, being baptized by anyone in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit is sufficient. the reasoning behind restricting communion for Christians who broke bread with Jews was to keep them apart so they wouldn't draw together and bring in to action Canon 16. Intermarriage, has been traditionally prohibited by the Catholic Church and always requires some sort of dispensation. 

The answer is though, we don't know for sure since no public revelation details heaven. Also, priests themselves have no inherent right to hear confessions. Priests are given the faculties to do so from the Bishop of the diocese they are stationed in. But there are extraordinary circumstances in case of emergency and also times like World Youth Day when priests from all over the world will congregate when any priest will hear your confession. There's nothing in there about not eating with sinners and nothing in there that says Jews are sinners with whom one should not eat. It says, do not eat with Jews. I'm not gonna defend it, I'm not going to abide by it, but I'm not going to say that it may not have been a good idea at the time. Although Spain, according to secular history, has always been a succession of bad ideas, if not cruel and inhumane ones.