The Presidency armies were the muscle of the East India Company, which managed to achieved dominance over the subcontinent. Given that achievement, clearly they were comparable to the best forces of their contemporary Indian states. Rather, the most critical development was the appearance of larger bloomeries. It was no coincidence that plate armour began in North Italy shortly after such bloomeries appeared there - they made it possible to produce sufficiently large steel plates in one piece. [4]: The Hundred Regiments Offensive was essentially a coordinated mass surprise attack, somewhat similar to the Tet Offensive of Vietnam. Up till this point, the Imperial Japanese Army had very little respect for the Communists, partly because of their inactivity. The extended relative quiet also made them complacent, and most regular units were redeployed to the front. The occupation was maintained only by a very light garrison, who were extremely unprepared and overextended. 

Occasionally armies would harvest the farmlands of their enemies as well as forage, but for the larger armies of the late Warring States era, supply wagons were a necessity. 

By the 14th century, however, smiths had begun using watermills to driver hammers for shaping the steel, greatly reduced the labour required. First of all, there is no evidence that Jiang Baili graduated with the highest score. The Imperial Japanese Army Academy held two graduations in 1905: the 17th and 18th classes. See the following table of top graduates, between 1902 and 1907 for good measure. The Chou dynasty prescribed extensive rules governing most aspects of social and political life within their empire. These applied both to the royal domains, as well as most Chou-aligned tribal states concentrated in the Central Plains. 

[5]: They tended to do poorly against bigger or fortified groups, not just militarily but also due to a overcautious strategy. On the first day of the offensive, Communist forces numbering some 2-3000 attempted to storm the strategic Lady's Pass on the Great Wall. They might have overwhelmed the 200-strong garrison, except they retreated at the sight of 800 unarmed Japanese passengers disembarking from a nearby train station. Consequently the Japanese sortied on 22 August, when a 150 contingent of reinforcements arrived, and on 25th, when they routed a 700 men unit. The siege was abandoned after about a week. Kunzle, David, ed. From Criminal to Courtier: the Soldier in Netherlandish Art 1550-1672. Vol. 10. Brill, 2002. Because lances were unwieldy but required significant training to be proficient in. Their usefulness was progressively declining against the increasingly attractive (and cost-effective) firearms. 

In a battle, therefore, more specific orders or intel could passed down through the ranks via the chain of command, usually by dedicated messengers. This complements the use of flags, drums and gongs for broad coordination to realise effective command in a battle. 

The first airborne assault occurred at approximately 5 a.m. on 9 April 1940, when a German battalion were dropped on the Danish island of Masnedø, where they stormed the coastal fortress and took control of the Storstrøm Bridge. Having met no resistance there, the first opposed airborne assault took place slightly later when the Germans landed at Sola Air Station and came under fire from the Norwegian base's defenders. 

Anyway, returning to kite shields. It's probably a safe bet that it was not a coincidence that kite shields became common around the time cavalry began to dominate in Medieval Europe, and declined once leg armour became widespread. The heater shield that largely replaced them are noticeably shorter. In other words, once the benefits for leg protection diminished, kite shields were replaced by lighter and more maneuverable, shorter shields. Note that round shields remained in use throughout the same period. A "lieutenant" (three star) general is one level below a "full" (four star) general. And a five star general is a "general of the army." Does this mean that a five star general is an army general, a four star general is a commander of a corps (the unit between a division and an army), and a three star general is a "lieutenant" corp commander? 

Also, long bowmen apparently made the difference in favor of the English at Falkirk (and later against France in the 100 Years' War), but not at Bannockburn. Why would that be? 

The Soviets suffered mainly in comparison to the German forces, which were the best trained and led in the world. Even the Finnish forces they faced in the Winter War were (indirectly) German-trained (under Mannerheim). 

There were a few reasons. First, those two countries had the longest coastlines of any hispanic South American country (Brazil was Portuguese.) Second, they had more English (read "naval") influences than the other Latin American countries. (Chile had Admiral Cochrane, for instance.) Third, it was easier for either country to project naval power to Peru; Chile, obviously, Argentina through the Straits of Magellan, with the ability to resupply in Chile. Of course, their navies could go to the north Pacific as well. During the Battle of Cochin in 1504, a Calicut fleet consisting of some 160 vessels attacked the numerically much fewer, but technologically vastly more advanced Portuguese force. 

Therefore, not all 200,000+ soldiers were physically present at Wulin, where the famous burning of the ships took place. Note that some have argued that Tsao Tsao's forces totaled ~220,000 overall, i.e. some were left in the north to guard his homeland. In this interpretation, perhaps no more than 100,000 actually took part in the battle. 

It was the newfound relative affordability of plate armour, combined with improved designs reducing its tactical downsides, that ultimately enabled its adoption. The full plate armour reached its peak about the same time advancements in projectile weaponry began to render it obsolete, however. Around the mid-16th century, advancements in firearms as well as proliferation of pikes were making the earlier heavy cavalry obsolete. One of the ways cavalry forces responded was to shift their focus to mobility and firepower. The Schwarze reiters were the pioneering example of this paradigm shift. Created by Günther of Schwarzburg, the black riders adopted pistols as their primary weapons. Their integration of firearms into cavalry manoeuvres developed into the famous tactics known as the caracole. - Diarty of Thomas Pattenden (1748-1819), Resident of Dover The first airborne assault occurred at approximately 5 a.m. on 9 April 1940, when a German battalion were dropped on the Danish island of Masnedø, where they stormed the coastal fortress and took control of the Storstrøm Bridge. Having met no resistance there, the first opposed airborne assault took place slightly later when the Germans landed at Sola Air Station and came under fire from the Norwegian base's defenders.