Specifically, opening a small pocket pair from any position should be considered with regard to just a few important things: Think, "Are our Implied Odds (IO) favourable?" and "Will we have enough Fold Equity (FE) later in the hand?". Playing with this in mind with marginal equity, yet high potential hands like PP's is good due to commonly having high IO whilst having low FE, and vice versa. The equity advantage of starting hands is exponential. Chens formula give more weight to Aces than to Kings, etc. but that will mean nothing on, for example, a four flush board with no card of that suit in your hand! I don't think you can make a sound judgement here that is little better than a guess. It seems you certainly don't have enough info on the opponent, aside from him limping in Preflop (often a sign of passivity), thus his turn shove can be conceived as tighter than usual if that's true. Also his ~10xbb Preflop open will usually be oversized from experience. It could be the table norm however and may be due to stack depths around the table. Thats for you to judge of course. The linear method is terrible - starting around 5/10 blinds, the structure would end up looking something like: Deep As stacks get deeper, lower speculative hands begin to drop in value. A set of 2s becomes less valuable - you will still make some money, but you will not get a 200+bb stack from 2 pair, or AA. Likewise, when you hit your flush with a low suited connector like 54s, and stacks go in, you are much more likely to be against a higher flush. So, in general, you can play a fairly wide range of hands when deep stacked, but you need to be able to get away from non-nut hands. Axs and Kxs have much more value than lower suited connectors. High pocket pairs have much more value than low pocket pairs. High connectors have mcuh more value than low connectors. Hands that are coolers with 100bb stacks are disasters with 300bb stacks. This is the concept of reverse implied odds. Any time a straight flush, quads, a flush, or a straight is not possible, the nuts is a set, and your pocket pairs have that. I call. 
Board: Ts 6s 3h Qs
Dead:  

         equity   win     tie     pots won  pots tied   
Hand 0:  64.352%  62.88%  01.47%  747       17.50     { KdKs }
Hand 1:  35.648%  34.18%  01.47%  406       17.50     { JJ+, AQs+, AKo } Firstly, the term "short stack" only really relates to a pre-flop description of relative stack sizes of all players. It doesn't have a reasonable use after the action has started. That said, a player may be "short stacked" post-flop but that's entirely down to what action has occurred. Also, the equity distribution of starting hands is NOT linear. The "Chen Formula" tries to equate for this weakness, but is less flexible than is best as hand strengths are relative, not absolute. For example, Many players think AA is just as much better than KK, as KK is better than QQ. It isn't. This graph illustrates that point... Specifically, opening a small pocket pair from any position should be considered with regard to just a few important things: Think, "Are our Implied Odds (IO) favourable?" and "Will we have enough Fold Equity (FE) later in the hand?". Playing with this in mind with marginal equity, yet high potential hands like PP's is good due to commonly having high IO whilst having low FE, and vice versa. The equity advantage of starting hands is exponential. Chens formula give more weight to Aces than to Kings, etc. but that will mean nothing on, for example, a four flush board with no card of that suit in your hand! Considering whether players cold-call, 3bet, squeeze, float post-flop cbets, etc. against you should make you consider tightening or loosening your opening standards. The simplest example would be opponents who are IP on you. Opening is less attractive with aggressive opponents yet to act. Conversely, if you have weak, tight and passive opponents who fold too much and/or allow you free passage to hit your strong equity hands at favourable odds, then opening small PP's becomes a better prospect. This dynamic also allows tremendous opportunities for varied play when deep. There is a lot more room to create fold equity when deeper, and there is also a lot more room to bet/fold when deep. When 2 players with 100bb stacks each get 100bb in by the flop, everyone is all-in, and no more mistakes can be made. When each player is 300bb deep, and they each get 100bb in by the flop, there are still 2 streets of big decisions left. The dynamics of a match, and quick adjustment, become much more important with deeper stacks. A similar place where a polarized range can be useful is a flop check-raising situation. When the board comes out K 8 4 rainbow, and you check-raise, you are representing a very strong range - mainly sets, possibly AK. To balance that range, you can add hands like small pocket pairs or missed suited connectors - these hands have little-to-no value against the range that your opponent will continue with. Deep As stacks get deeper, lower speculative hands begin to drop in value. A set of 2s becomes less valuable - you will still make some money, but you will not get a 200+bb stack from 2 pair, or AA. Likewise, when you hit your flush with a low suited connector like 54s, and stacks go in, you are much more likely to be against a higher flush. So, in general, you can play a fairly wide range of hands when deep stacked, but you need to be able to get away from non-nut hands. Axs and Kxs have much more value than lower suited connectors. High pocket pairs have much more value than low pocket pairs. High connectors have mcuh more value than low connectors. Hands that are coolers with 100bb stacks are disasters with 300bb stacks. This is the concept of reverse implied odds.