There are really two distinct challenges to writing: 

20 Master Plots: And How To Build Them by Tobias - amazon link Plots Unlimited (A Creative Source for Generating a Virtually Limitless Number and Variety of Story Plots and Outlines) by Sawyer & Weingarten - amazon link The Writer's Idea Thesaurus by White - amazon link and finally, one of the most terrible implementations of the idea is 

Solve Technical, Resolve Emotional 

Then, J Lo tries to ease the contestant down, "Baby, it's a no." The soft sell. Get the crazy guy out of here and make sure he gets his meds before he kills us all. Now that his self-concept is bruised and battered, anything could happen. 

Not Writing Is The Only Failure 

American Idol: (Failed) Self-Concept On Display 

Consider those terrible, awful, singers, auditioning for a spot on American Idol, who sound worse than a cat with its tail caught in a door. One of the judges, like Keith Urban might ask, "Well, how do you think you did?" 

Coincidence in the beginning of the story vs. coincidence at the end of the story (Deus ex machina problem) Conflict decreasing coincidence vs. conflict increasing coincidence The reader forgives (and sometimes want) coincidences that happen at the beginning of the story and conflict increasing coincidences. 

The cavalry at the end rescuing the protagonist, because he is inapt doing it himself is a no-no. ("Why have I read all these pages if he can't rescue himself? What a loser!") 

Caveat: None of the above is true if you write a parody. 

So coincidences at the beginning of the story and coincidences which are punishing the protagonist (increasing conflict) are good/acceptable, helping coincidences and stuff that happens later out of nowhere to keep the story running are no-gos. 

If the protagonist has a street fight against the evil doers and he is running out of ammo, then that's increasing the conflict. If he runs out of ammo in front of a gun shop, it is decreasing the conflict (i.e. unfair help for the protagonist). If the gun shop is locked it is increasing again (reader will like it again). 

So the car accident between protagonist and antagonist at the beginning is ok. If they meet again when applying for the same job, the setting is already introduced ("Oh, that guy!"). 

It's been done in at least a few books: 

Self-concept erupts. "Who are you to say? Some people like this kind of thing. My mother loves to hear me sing." 

For Help, Try This Book There are a number of books over the last 20 years that I've read that have actually helped me become a better writer. I may not be the greatest writer, but I am far better than I was 20 years ago, so it must be something. I must've learned something. One of those books is very old but has some great information that the author stumbled upon about how your brain works with writing. It's Becoming A Writer, by Dorothea Brande. Am I allowed to add links to books here? I hope so. Amazon link to Becoming A Writer, by Dorothea Brande 

That book walks the reader through a lot of the emotional and has you set up Writing Appointments. You determine an exact time each day to write and then you watch yourself to see if you follow through. Basically, she says, if you never show up, your not a writer. Interesting and much more. 

"I think I killed it," the contestant answers. 

In a moment of honesty she explains that the gentleman has a huge net worth -- "that's right, Herman, he's rich and I like being pampered. I suppose you think I'm terrible" she says and brushes his face with a hand. 

It is at this point, the contestant either cries (full on blubbering) -- realizing that maybe the self-concept is incorrect. Or, the more fascinating and often occurring response is that the contestant becomes angry. 

Solve Technical, Resolve Emotional 

Music I hope you know that the sound that the words make in your readers' heads actually matter. That's why some people can write anything and you want to read it. It's about phrasing and sentence lengths and more. You can learn this stuff. 

There are usually deeper reasons about why you get stuck writing a story. It could be that there just isn't enough tension (conflict) in the story to begin with. 

I define it here as: Writing That Works (more in a moment on the inspiration of this phrase) But, what does that mean? That seems very loosely defined. That is why I further define Writing That Works as: 

Then, J Lo tries to ease the contestant down, "Baby, it's a no." The soft sell. Get the crazy guy out of here and make sure he gets his meds before he kills us all. Now that his self-concept is bruised and battered, anything could happen. 

Inner Obstacles: Why You've Stopped. How To Keep Going 

Technical Difficulties Now to the technical difficulties. If you are worried about your writing not being good and learning that you are not the Great Writer of Our Time, then you need to work on your technical ability so that you can be a better writer, so that people will actually enjoy your writing. 

American Idol: (Failed) Self-Concept On Display 

Once you trust yourself you'll probably find the block falls away. 

Smooth Transitions When you write the next thing that the reader is thinking because you've led the reader to think that, then you know you are writing great. 

Meanwhile he pines away for the girl next door who is gloriously beautiful. (I'm having to tell here instead of showing you guy's tongues fall out of their mouths as she walks by, because telling is faster for this summary, but believe me, she's a knockout with curves in all the right places.) 

Consider those terrible, awful, singers, auditioning for a spot on American Idol, who sound worse than a cat with its tail caught in a door. One of the judges, like Keith Urban might ask, "Well, how do you think you did?"