In Gymnastics, the laws are really complicated, because there is a multitude of disciplines. Generally, women seem to have more options. Beach Volleyball Here are the generic rules of the game. Those are gender-independent (see §4.3). No, not in any of the sports I am aware of. Male swimmers, on the other hand, must have bare stomachs. In Swimming, men must wear more revealing clothing. In Aerobic Gymnastics' COP, you can see the wording in §2.3. The details are quite technical, but notably men have to choose from five options (basically all tanktops), whereas women are more free to choose. Women are allowed to cover their entire arms up to the wrist and their legs. Men have to show at least 1/4 of their leg and most of their arms. Note that the Men's shorts must be at 20cm or longer, whereas the Women's shorts must be 7cm or shorter. Depends on the sport and discipline (e.g. it's fine in swimming), but often not. In Beach Volleyball, men's pants must be at least 20cm long. Gymnastics In section 2 §9 of the general laws, you'll just see (see COP), which turns out to be discipline-specific regulations. A lot of sports require any athlete to cover their stomach. Beach Volleyball only applies these regulations to men. However, women (though not men) may opt out due to religious or cultural beliefs, as seen in §4.4 of the same laws: In some sports and disciplines, shorts are allowed. In gymnastic disciplines, they are allowed (even required) for men but not women. Finally, the additional Olympic regulations for Beach Volleyball seem to consist of a form where athletes have to register their colors in advance. Swimming Swimming is a rare sport where men must reveal more than women; see FINA By-Laws §8.3: Depends on the sport and discipline - sometimes the differences are enforced, sometimes it is in principle possible to opt for longer clothing, and sometimes it's up to the choice of the individual player. Yes, but it is possible that the sport federation's olympic rules (determined in cooperation with the IOC) amend or modify this (for instance, prohibiting advertisements). Summary In Beach Volleyball, the default clothing is indeed strikingly different and far more revealing for women. Women may wear more modest clothing citing religious or cultural reasons, but have to request permission for these. Men are not allowed not wear more revealing (or more modest) clothing. This is the default design in Beach Volleyball, but women may opt out.