So, those of you who took the time to share something about yourself in "About Me" in the past, but didn't fill out some other fields, your day has come. And if any of you dreamed of seeing that badge glinting on your profile page, but resented some of the fields, go put what you want to share with the community in the "About Me", and it's all yours. 

We take your privacy seriously, and are extremely reluctant to share private information if it can possibly be avoided. 

That sound like you? Apply here today. 

It's here. Key changes include that it's now: 

(Yes, I get know that it's not the permanent logo - I'm just curious why it was chosen as the temp one.) 

We're looking for Community Manager candidates: 

Caveat: I'm not a lawyer; I'm just a humble VP who wants to ensure we're as transparent with our community as possible. 

(Some of you may have noticed that we posted the new policy a little while back; we waited to post this because it had not yet been certified to be Safe Harbor compliant by the DOC, which it now has.) 

As such, I personally find it a benign example. My attitude would change if someone indicated that they found it personally offensive or likely to be an emotional trigger for someone they know, etc. 

I don't envision anyone over here suing you in the near future. I may sue Undo, and possibly ArtOfCode, but only if I get super-bored, and most likely for reasons unrelated to their use of SO/SE. 

This happens very, very rarely. I have more than enough fingers to count the times this has occurred since I started working here a year and a half ago. I wouldn't need a single toe, and I'm pretty sure I wouldn't need both hands. 

No need to contact us unless you receive any NEW requests to post spam. 

When something is known to be in question, which one can definitionally assume to be the case with almost any question posted on the site, a simple "yes" or "no" will almost never be sufficient to provide a trustworthy resolution to the inquiry. 

Brevity, in and of itself, isn't necessarily a problem for some kinds of answers, but it almost always is when the answer is "yes" or "no", because those answers aren't very helpful to the OP. 

Note that the role is not going to be limited to covering a future Portuguese-language site. We're hiring someone who will function like our current CMs do now, but will be able to be a primary contact who's fluent in the language when we are ready to roll out Portuguese site(s) in the future. 

Its meaning is entirely dependent on the reader taking it as an absolute given that beating one's spouse is odious, shameful behavior. 

In my opinion, you could argue that it should have gotten comments requesting more explanation, rather than being deleted, which is a valid discussion, but not that it was useful in its original form. 

We like when people build on our data; that's why we make it available. Sounds like you're a force for good here. Rock on.