On the other hand, although long lasting peace was unsustainable (probably), a temporary truce in 1937 would still have benefited China immensely. The German trained and equipped elite Chinese forces, freshly eviscerated on the bloody streets of Shanghai, would have had time to rebuild and expand. Chinese industrial expansion could have been undertaken, and relocating them to the interior would not have had to be achieved with massive sacrifices under enemy fire. 

- Roberts, Geoffrey. Molotov: Stalin's cold warrior. Potomac Books, Inc., 2011. 

- Gordon, Colin. Dead on Arrival: The Politics of Health Care in Twentieth-Century America. Princeton University Press, 2009. 

In conclusion, just about every relevant detail in the supposed event is contradicted by facts. 

For example: reform the military, reform the political system, develop popular movements, enact defence education, suppress the race traitor Trotskyists, develop military industries, improve living conditions - should we do these seriously? 

This meant that fax/telex technologies were unsuited for delivering emails. Both fax and telex are point-to-point physical communication systems: faxing relies on the telephone network while telex had its own telegraphic network, but the principles are similar. When you send a fax, you target a physical line via a number. The machine on that specific, physical line then receives it. 

Among some of the more notable officers were: 

The Liangkwang Incident began on June 1, 1936. The Guangdong and Guangxi cliques telegraphed a denouncement of Chiang's central government over "inaction" against Japanese imperialism. They then announced that their forces were moving into Hunan. 

The British Act of Parliament that established Indian Independence the next year states: 

Because the medical profession was opposed to it. Roosevelt's administration feared that including the universal health insurance provisions would kill the entire Social Security Act. 

This time Chiang held a high level meeting of the Chinese government, which concluded that, with no demand for reparations or recognition of Manchukuo, the terms were actually acceptable. Chinese acceptance was transmitted to Trauntmann on 2 December for relaying to Japan - by which point, Japanese forces were on the verge of capturing Nanking. 

- Isner v. United States, 8 F.2d 487 (4th Cir. 1925) 

Add in the fact that warlords were primarily concerned with their personal powers, then it would seem the biggest voice against compromise would be that of the common folk. I'm not sure that, in an impoverished China ruled by warlords, their voices carry much political weight. 

Update: I have added a few quotes from Gandhi's speeches. They have been taken from Collected Works of Mahatma Gandhi, so in case you disagree with my conclusions, feel free to respond with additional quotes/reasons. 

However, it is true that Gandhi tried to stop the communal riots that engulfed India. But this was not an exception, considering the fact that almost all Indian and Pakistani leaders at least claimed to have tried their best (and in many cases actually tried their best) to stop the destruction. 

Update 2 In case anyone is interested about the latest news on the disappearance story, there is a story about a monk dying in 1985 in Faizabad in India. Many people (including three journalists) had claimed that the monk was Bose in disguise. The High Court of Uttar Pradesh has just ordered the government to conduct an inquiry into this incident. 

A lot of colonies continued to employ British citizens in their government even after attaining independence. But how were these employees paid (in local currency, or in pounds)? Was it not considered a threat by the military, especially since many of them were employed by the air force and the army? In case of some military action against the wishes of the British, on which side would the loyalty of those officers expected to lie? 

Therefore, on a legal level, this excluded Bhutan and Nepal. 

1: Jowett, Philip S. The Japanese Army 1931-45 (2): 1942-45. Vol. 2. Osprey Publishing, 2002. 

There's not really a "specific reason" since he lost favour over some period of time, rather immediately in response to a single event. But some generally agreed factors were Stalin's paranoia and intolerance of dissent, as well as and Molotov's own personality. 

Among some of the more notable officers were: 

Trotskyism, and by extension Trotsky himself (and vice versa) was definitely denounced in early Communist Chinese propaganda. Whether or not he was a "hate figure" depends on what criteria you use for that nebulous phrase. Since the question declined to define it, I'll focus on the government's general attitude instead - though personally, I would say it was protrayed as a minor hate figure. 

Though the system had largely fallen apart with the death of most of the genrō, it nonetheless it lasted until the rise of militarism in early Shōwa. In 1937 the last genrō resigned his powers and saw them replaced by a similar but less antiquated group of elder statesmen. Thereafter the premiership became dominated by the military. 

For a long time after the war, these trophy skulls were treated like souvenirs and memorabilia, or simply forgotten in a basement. As the decades passed however, custodians of Japanese remains increasingly sought to repatriate them to Japan. Often this came about as veterans began passing away and their surviving family went through their inheritance. Many veterans, too, began seeing their wartime souvenirs differently than their younger selves. 

- Blumenthal, David, and James A. Morone. The Heart of Power: Health and Politics in the Oval Office. University of California Press, 2010. 

In fact, the National Prohibition Act of 1919, which implemented the Prohibition, contained a ton of exceptions and loopholes. One example is making wine at home; although the law called it "nonintoxicating cider and fruit juices", it was wine [see note below].