I'm wondering how this was possible. Were the downvotes not too old to be revoked? I realize sending automated E-Mail to arbitrary addresses is very tough to do reliably. There should be an alternative way of sending invitations manually, like access tokens. The "public" and "employer" views of the careers profile look very clean and beautifully designed. That clause contradicts everything we've ever been told about posting on Stack Overflow, which was supposed to be happening under the nonexclusive CC-Wiki license. Creative Commons' FAQ state: Reproduced in Chrome 5 and Firefox 3.6. the "this is what your career should feel like" text is hovering above the water. Are you insinuating that my career is supposed to sink? Or that it is about to sink? One thing I run into frequently is the need to find a specific answer that was made in reply to a question of which I only remember a keyword or two. I know this isn't a sneaky scheme to take away our rights through the small print, but right now, technically, that seems to be exactly what it's doing. Unless there is some super powerful good legal reason for it that no one of us can think of, it needs to go. To fix this, when a user asks their first question here, it should be pointed out in big bold letters that voting follows different rules here than on the mother site. Just to offer another option. I'm not sure - completely free downvoting may indeed be the answer. It would see more abuse as a tool in personal conflicts, but that happens already and the net benefit is likely to vastly overshadow that. These are things the majority needs to know even if it isn't interested in the blog (which it has the good right not to be.) The question has issues (such as the complete absence of code), but those are by definition for the community to handle, and possibly close. Maybe, but many other users are not. The impulse to answer is stronger than the impulse to dupe-vote, and any education about a possible dupe is a good thing in my book. If the loss of a reputation point really is one of the main motivators behind the lack of downvoting, then I guess making it free or cheaper is indeed the way to go. Maybe mark them with a message like I don't see why this had to be mod deleted - it was probably a mistake. There is a lot of irritation and whining from newbies when their suggestions get downvoted because they don't understand that votes have a different meaning here.