Let's say I ask "what are the prime numbers less than 10?" One person answers with a definition of prime numbers. Another answers saying "3 and 5". Another provides the complete list. Yet another provides some code for calculating them. Perhaps some of these people downvote some of the other people's answers, considering them incomplete or alternatively considering them full of irrelevant stuff that wasn't asked. I have quite a lot of interesting tags, and from time to time over the last week or so I notice that one or more have disappeared from the list. Then I add them back in. I think this started happening at the same time as the extra pop up menu over interesting tags to uninteresting them. I think I am accidentally clicking that. Is there a way to suppress it? I was ok with the red X next to the tag and the extra menu is distracting at best for me, and might be causing this "oops I dropped a tag" situation as well. I was just looking at my list of accounts and was puzzled to see that Stack Apps appears twice. No other site appears twice. When I hover, the user number in the link is the same for both lines. This happens whether I click Accounts while on my Meta profile or my SO profile. In fact, it even happens on my Stack Apps profile. Thanks for the heads-up; that sucks. Going forward, the question is: Update 2: StopBadware has sent an email that sounds like this: Nobody else can see them, though. In particular, this is not related to reputation (unlike the ability to see deleted rooms). PBKDF2 based on HMAC-SHA1 with twenty-thousand iterations (the latter is set in our configuration). Yes: In addition to moderators and the originally posting user, the room owners (of the particular room) also have access to the history of deleted messages. Update: For now, I've added "message starred" to the list of event types for which we don't send the user id to the client. This is not an issue, since that information is not currently used (at least by the official client). There is no evidence whatsoever of any problems on sstatic.net. I have requested a review on StopBadware.org; I have no idea how long that usually takes. Well, I'm kinda paraphrasing... Anyway, we'll give a couple of hours for blacklists to be updated and then switch back to regular sstatic. Should "who starred this" be public? If so, it should be obvious that it is (e.g. there should be an easily accessible "starred by" list, and/or similar info for specific users). Or should it be private? With my above-mentioned change (which will be deployed in a few minutes) this will be the de facto status quo, so if there's interest in going with 1) instead, that should be a new feature-request. I was just looking at my list of accounts and was puzzled to see that Stack Apps appears twice. No other site appears twice. When I hover, the user number in the link is the same for both lines. This happens whether I click Accounts while on my Meta profile or my SO profile. In fact, it even happens on my Stack Apps profile. If you want site-specifc advice about how to edit a specific question - what to add, what parts to take out - then this overall Meta is not the best place to ask, and you should ask on the meta of the site where your question was closed. But it was right to come here first, since you have now learned you don't re-ask closed questions, and the difference between closed and protected, among other things. The comments are correct: I have it where I expect to have it, though I was (at first) only notified for one (randomly chosen?) site. Since then I have got another notification for Meta. I presume the Workplace notification will show up eventually. (At one point it had been five hours with no sign of it.) This is how they look: alt text http://www.gregcons.com/sopopup.jpg alt text http://www.gregcons.com/sopopup2.jpg I think your best bet is to comment on such questions saying that it's obvious to you this is a nefarious deed in progress, and urging people not to answer. You can then use your downvote powers to punish not only the asker but any answers that try to help. That's already within your powers. You also have the power to close questions, using Other, and filling in a free form reason. If 4 other people agree with you then no answers can be added, though comments may be left and it's possible 5 other people would re-open the question.