Talking *&it about your political opponents is as old as American democracy itself. Or, at least, as old as having 2 competing parties - see the infamous first 2 party elections of 1800: 

OTOH, some localities have paper ballots with IDs. 

So, there are 2 ways to cheat: 

Ultimately, like any politics involving the use of force internationally, it boils down to creating actual conditions such that the original country is no longer either able or willing to wrestle back control - either by being defeated by force or by its populace losing will/interest in such things (the latter happened with most colonial powers in 20th century). 

those countries where we have bases not covered by an official treaty, the jurisdictional rules are defined by something called status of forces agreements 

Ironically, this is as fully bipartisan issue as they come: 

Whatever local laws may be applicable based on United States' treaties/agreements with the placement nation 

So, you CAN (1) Fail to provide driver's license # when registering and (2) Use an easily forgeable form of ID (a copy of the utility bill and/or bank statement with name and address whiteouted and changed) to then vote by mail without providing harder-to-forge drivers or non-drivers ID. 

This runs counter to the Tenth Amendment of the US Constitution 

However, given that voting is anonymous, I'm not even sure invalidating your prior vote would be technically possible, so this may not be as much of a concern. 

Leaving aside the questions of efficacy, ethics, cost, national security implications[2] or likelyhood of this proposal coming to life due to opposition of congresscritters, what interests me is: 

As an example, look at some other independence cases: 

Let's say someone as a voter is concerned with the level of corruption and lack of transparency in Washington, especially in Congress and White House. 

In short, it's about two things: 

Predictably, California has an app law for that: 

If the base is on a foreign territory, the rules are a union of: 

I think Yannis alluded to this, but I would like to spell it out explicitly: 

[2] Then again, one has to wonder at how much social acceptability bias affected that poll, since a staggeringly low 9% considers extramarital affairs "morally acceptable", compared to between 20 and 70% estimates of people actually cheating. 

Political Action Committees have First Amendment rights (see Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission 

Multiple laws allow for the negation or commutation of penalties. The courts may reduce a sentence, a Governor or President may pardon someone. 

Houston, Texas is inside Harris County. The Texas Legislature passed the Bandit Sign Law in 2007 (House Bill 413 that added civil penalties and empowered the County Attorney and District Attorney to take legal action to collect those penalties. 

How the system got to be this way and why. What were the driving forces? 

Contributions made from the treasuries of corporations, labor organizations and national banks are prohibited. Additionally, national banks and federally chartered corporations may not make contributions in connection with any election, including state and local elections. Contributions may, however, be made from separate segregated funds (also called political action committees or PACs) established by corporations, labor organizations, national banks, and incorporated membership organizations. 11 CFR 114.2 and 114.5. 

Parliament can change the constitution simply by passing new Acts of Parliament. 

This varies state by state - but I assume most states without Voter ID laws operate similarly. I will give an example of what I know, NJ. 

those countries where we have bases not covered by an official treaty, the jurisdictional rules are defined by something called status of forces agreements 

This runs counter to the Tenth Amendment of the US Constitution 

Ultimately, like any politics involving the use of force internationally, it boils down to creating actual conditions such that the original country is no longer either able or willing to wrestle back control - either by being defeated by force or by its populace losing will/interest in such things (the latter happened with most colonial powers in 20th century). 

To quote an famous adage (I heard it attributed to Swedish King Gustav Adolf), "don't pass laws you can not enforce". In other words, it doesn't matter if the law has a good rationale - if you can not enforce it, you merely sabotage the legitimacy of the government, to no good end. 

Tennessee Constitution prohibits anyone from office who participated in a duel. Too bad! 

Let's say someone as a voter is concerned with the level of corruption and lack of transparency in Washington, especially in Congress and White House. 

Anecdotally, I personally drive a >15 year old car and it is safer (runs well, easily passed inspection, and is well maintained :) than many other cars on the road judging by latter new cars' dents and scratches 

Multiple laws allow for the negation or commutation of penalties. The courts may reduce a sentence, a Governor or President may pardon someone. 

The FCPA was repealed when the 1971 Federal Election Campaign Act was passed. It was amended several times. It established the Federal Election Commission and increased disclosure of contributions for federal campaigns. It was amended in 1974 to place legal limits on the campaign contributions. 

Elected Officials may not accept campaign contributions from corporations. 

Ever since Marbury v Madison, the Supreme Court of the United States has had the power to determine what is and what isn't constitutional, and to strike down (or roll-back) an unconstitutional law. 

Contributions made from the treasuries of corporations, labor organizations and national banks are prohibited. Additionally, national banks and federally chartered corporations may not make contributions in connection with any election, including state and local elections. Contributions may, however, be made from separate segregated funds (also called political action committees or PACs) established by corporations, labor organizations, national banks, and incorporated membership organizations. 11 CFR 114.2 and 114.5.