I like how the Agile in a Nutshell website puts it: One note of warning, iterative household tasks is not for everyone. I know one of my Agile trainers who's girlfriend really hated it. They are separated now... 

After the Daily Scrum it is fine to discuss a little bit about details if needed. Update Found a blog post which supports that this might be a good idea, should have googled first before asking this question maybe. Still interested in your experience though. 

Also have a look at the definition of ready, which is used to check if user stories are ready to be picked up by the development team. It should include that the acceptance criteria have been written. I would give the testers in your teams the following book to read: http://agiletester.ca/ Not sure if you do, but don't estimate tasks in hours, switch to story points (this is supported by Jira). For management its harder to convert done work into hours and compare them. Work is done when its done, not when the team estimated it. Some tasks will take longer others will take shorter. The burn-down is there to give insights if you are going to finish your forecast and adapt accordingly if the plan does not come together. Value your culture and values highly. Showing that the company makes exceptions is the same as saying: "We do not take our values seriously". Now everyone will just do whatever they want. This is not the path a company wants to walk. As a Scrum Master I always like to promote swarming: 

There are always some tasks developers could do during any downtime: This makes sure that the release/sprint branch is always in a releasable state, and that it does not contain any unfinished work. At the end of sprint you release all finished work and you can continue with any unfinished work in a new sprint. Then he goes on about how the (project-)managers didn't like that interpretation and how these people wanted to be permanent Scrum Masters. 

I would ask the Scrum Master or the team in a retrospective to try swarming or pair programming for a couple of Sprints. It are classic Agile practises, so it should be very acceptable. Certainly if you feel there are issues surrounding working as a team. I like how impact mapping helps you think in measurable goals and not in deliverables.