Other prosodic boundaries include syllable boundaries and phrase boundaries. I added the phonetics tag to your question because phonetics is the field of linguistics that deals with how phonological units like words and phrases are delineated acoustically (acoustics is not a field of linguistics per se; one can study the acoustics of jet engines or the acoustics of a concert hall, but phonetics deals with the acoustics of speech) and how those acoustic cues are produced and perceived. 

Those facts alone may not be that surprising, but there are certain seemingly exceptional examples in my dialect that make it less than straightforward to analyze from a phonological perspective. For example, in most cases the raising is only "triggered" when the voiceless consonant is in the same morpheme as the diphthong--so [ʌɪ] appears in ice cream but not I scream. But there are exceptions to this generalization--[ʌɪ] occurs in high school (when it refers to the institution of secondary education). Also, as you mentioned, the raised version of the diphthong occurs in some cases before voiced consonants! It appears in spider, idle, and cyber, for example. Finally, it can even appear before [nt], as in pint (as opposed to pined). The usage of the term prosody in the conlang grammar you linked to is a bit confusing and seems to conflate prosody and intonation. It's not really that languages "distinguish" between "sentence" and "phrase" prosody; rather, as described above, different phonological and phonetic processes are observed to occur at different prosodic levels (i.e. over different prosodic constituents). UPDATE: I stumbled upon this great website, the Interactive Atlas of Romance Intonation, that includes clickable maps with audio and video data collected from an intonational survey. The vocative tune was included among the elicited utterance types. The survey made a distinction between "vocative" and "insistent vocative", and these category names were functional rather than descriptive. That is, the survey provided a scenario for the speaker to imagine while calling out a person's name. As a result, not all speakers chose to utilize the descending third tune that is the subject of this post. But many did! Not counting the less nativized loanword pronunciations of words (like [siː] for the English letter 'C'), we never get [s] before [i]. Related forms like [osu] 'press-PRESENT' and [oɕita] 'press-PAST' give us further evidence that at least some instances of [ɕ] before [i] are likely surface realizations of /s/. 

Patin, C. (2008). Tone and Intonation's Waltz in Shingazidja Polar Questions. 3rd TIE Conference on Tone and Intonation (TIE3). Lisbonne. 

Mandarin: The local contour of the lexical tone on the final syllable was largely preserved but shifted upward in the speaker's vocal range. So a falling lexical tone was still falling but from a higher starting pitch. 

There are several varieties of this phenomenon, however, and the one to which you are referring happens to be the one that I speak. I was born and raised in New Jersey, USA, which is one of the regions where this variety is commonly found. I make the voiced/voiceless distinction for /aɪ/ but not for /aʊ/. I maintain the distinction even when the underlying voicing distinction is neutralized, as in the flapping examples you mentioned, like writer and rider. Many opponents of a rule-based approach to language-learning support an exemplar-based approach instead. In these models, the language learner does not form an internal grammar by learning abstract rules that manipulate segments; rather, she stores vast "clouds" of tokens that are committed to long-term memory on a word-by-word basis. Every time we encounter a new token, we compare it with every similar token we've heard before and adjust our mental representation of that token accordingly. It is important to point out that Port et al do not deny the existence of segment-sized units as a cultural construct, or even as part of individual impressions of speech: Syllable counting is a phonological task that relies on learned knowledge about the phonotactics of the language in question. It requires words to be presented auditorily or in some unambiguous phonetic transcription, since orthography is often not a reliable or unambiguous representation of pronunciation (How many syllables in the English word peer? How about 911?). 

Imagine the government asks a research group to figure out "how much the Lincoln Tunnel gets used by people to enter Manhattan from New Jersey in a 24-hour period". There are two obvious ways to obtain this measurement; one could count the number of vehicles that enter the tunnel in a 24-hour period, or one could count the number of people riding in the vehicles that enter the tunnel during a 24-hour period. Either metric could be relevant, depending on what the government is trying to focus on. If they care about factors that contribute to street traffic, then the vehicle-counting metric might be more appropriate. If they are more concerned with the actual population density of Manhattan during the day and how much of it is affected by out-of-towners, the person-counting metric might be more appropriate.