However, whatever your approach is, you must be consistent. There may actually be extenuating circumstances or a truly accurate justification, but you cannot change your approach depending on the situation and then expect the child to learn to own their role in particular events. Be prepared to have that conversation when it needs to be had, whether you're at the store, at home, on the subway or in front of relatives. However, an 8yo that lies regularly is a problem beyond in/consequence. even inconsequential lies are consequential at that point. I would recommend going back to the drawing board and attempting to establish what the real problem is and whether or not they understand socially Right and Wrong. Either way, it's probably time to seek a professional. This part is to your SO mainly because of the pronouns I used It's a hard lesson, and there may be tears involved (yours and theirs). But -- go you -- you have identified the need for an essential lesson, early. Whatever your approach, at this early stage I think you will be able to work on it effectively. So when you've busted her, don't bother arguing... because she's 5. Go straight to step 2 then 3 and accept nothing less than her acceptance of the full punishment (1 min per year of timeout or whatever it is was always good for me). Again do not converse. She's 5 and it will lead nowhere. Be the parent, lay down the law, tell her what's right and wrong, be prepared for hissy fits, and be consistent. If you're talking abotu an 8yo that told a 1-off lie about something that could really get them into hot water, then I would suggest dealing with the fact that they lied and move on. Ali's list above would work well, I think. You need to stop putting up with it. If you're aware that she's trying and trying, then you're letting it go on too long. My opinion is that you should start slamming gates on her (metaphorically of course). Snatch her out of the situation and put her straight in punishment. Sound familiar? This is classic bully. A 4 yr old will play on the other side of the room. A 14yr old will use a different bus stop and walk all the way around the school. A 24 yr old will change the things they'd otherwise say and do. And it's all to avoid confrontation and cow-tow to the bully's wishes, especially when they're not around, just so the target doesn't have to deal with the bully's shit. 1) Control the interaction. She has clearly too much control with you and the SO. If she's able to say some of the things you quoted in the post, then you're allowing her to run the conversations. Reminder: She's 5. She shouldn't be allow to run anything. You are the parent. Be the parent. But the point here is that you do not give her the power of believing that you need her permission for you to do things in your house. Again: domain. Someone will argue that "the 5 yo is a child to both of them". To that comment I say 'you are right,' but that's not what's in contention here... The problem is that he's changing his methods of child rearing and outright not doing things because of fear, not because of co-parenting agreements. You've got to deal with the fear and establish a foundation before you can amicably co-parent.