This sounds more like "philosophy leaves everything as it is" from Philosophical Investigations. 

Nonetheless, contemporary perceptions were different. Those more concerned with philosophical status of infinitesimals saw Berkeley's criticisms of them as pertinent, and Newton's conception as more coherent (including Kant, his sympathies to Leibniz notwithstanding). One could say that Newton's "kinematic interpretation" of infinitesimals (which he partly owes to Archimedes through Toricelli and Barrow, see Who discovered the power rule for derivatives?) was close to Aristotelian understanding of motion with potential infinities and the classical resolution of Zeno's paradoxes attached. Maclaurin attempted a rigorous exposition of calculus on the basis of the kinematic interpretation in 1742. One could even say that Kant's theory of synthetic construction in mathematics relies on Aristotelian restriction to potential infinities that arguably permeates Euclid's Elements (indeed, Kant explicitly modeled his concept/intuition duality on Aristotle's matter/form). Friedman comments in Kant's Theory of Geometry: 

Moreover, the influence of the Frankfurt school in the US was minimal, but the realignment happened there as elsewhere. And we have a mirroring fiscal/social alignment on the conservative side as well, it is hard to credit the Frankfurt school for that. 

This seems to confirm the ethical responsibility/solidarity divide. But ethics and social psychology do not refract through the lens of political philosophy straightforwardly. Chen and Lind conducted a study The Political Economy of Beliefs: Why Fiscal and Social Conservatives/Liberals Come Hand-in-hand, and reached some nuanced conclusions: 

Here is Dicker's reconstruction of the Refutation argument: 

The Economist did a non-scientific straw poll of Texas Republicans with the advantage that participants gave their own speculations as to the reasons for the alignment: 

In other words, on this reading there are no ineffable truths hinted at by nonsense, there is only confusion as to what sentences of certain type express. And it is not that something "there" is beyond expression, but trivially there is no "there" there to express. And the concept-script of the Tractatus is supposed to transition us into a new language where the offending sentences are not even utterable (the place where the "ladder" leads). Carnap will later be far more direct, and aggressive, on this in Elimination of Metaphysics, where he characterizes "metaphysics" as "meaningless". But it is his directness that got him in trouble, for it was pointed out to him that his critique of metaphysics is itself "metaphysical" in his own sense, and therefore meaningless. Perhaps, Wittgenstein knew better: 

(If you want to ask about whether the lack of any existence is identical to everything existing at once, without reference to mathematics, that would be a separate question, but one for which I doubt that there is an interesting answer; I would say it is either "no" or "there's no way to find out", depending on what limitations you put on the multiply existing worlds.) 

(There is a notion of 'coolness' which is actually conformist, e.g. the things which "all the cool kids" do. I would class this as a sort of error of the same type as cargo cult science, except in the domain of personal self-determination and corollaries to personality extending from it.) 

Note that the statement "on a quantum mechanical scale" is itself a vague statement. Most physicists believe that matter behaves according to quantum mechanics at all scales, it's just that for objects which are large and rigid enough, we can use less complicated models of physics such as Newtonian mechanics to describe what's going on. So even saying "on a quantum mechanical scale" is insufficient to save us from an infinite avalanche of bengal tigers. If we want to put teeth into a statement such as this, we need something subtler than equality; we need actual numbers and differences, to describe differences in size and in probability. 

...analytical philosophy passed, comparatively recently, through a destructive phase; a few, indeed, have not yet emerged from it. During that phase, it appeared as though demolition was the principal legitimate task of philosophy. Now most of us believe once more that philosophy has a constructive task... In recent years, a number of analytical philosophers, prominent among them the late Gareth Evans, have rejected the assumption of the priority of language over thought and have attempted to explain thought independently of its expression and then to found an account of language upon such a prior philosophical theory of thought". 

Since the Stoic fatalism works through unbreakable causal chains they essentially equate it to what we now call determinism (the term only became common in the middle of 19th century). This raised the problems of will and responsibility. In response, Chrysippus introduced internal and external causes, and distinguished actions caused through internal character from those caused directly by external forces. It is for the former that we are responsible, according to him, although both of course are fully predetermined. 

Moreover, the influence of the Frankfurt school in the US was minimal, but the realignment happened there as elsewhere. And we have a mirroring fiscal/social alignment on the conservative side as well, it is hard to credit the Frankfurt school for that. 

Note that the statement "on a quantum mechanical scale" is itself a vague statement. Most physicists believe that matter behaves according to quantum mechanics at all scales, it's just that for objects which are large and rigid enough, we can use less complicated models of physics such as Newtonian mechanics to describe what's going on. So even saying "on a quantum mechanical scale" is insufficient to save us from an infinite avalanche of bengal tigers. If we want to put teeth into a statement such as this, we need something subtler than equality; we need actual numbers and differences, to describe differences in size and in probability. 

(There is a notion of 'coolness' which is actually conformist, e.g. the things which "all the cool kids" do. I would class this as a sort of error of the same type as cargo cult science, except in the domain of personal self-determination and corollaries to personality extending from it.)