All stories also need something to bring the protagonist to this crisis point. This is the role of external conflict. But external conflict is not enough in itself. Its point is to create the occasion on which the inner personal conflict must be faced. Otherwise resolving the external conflict is a mere technical matter, like choosing between the Chevy and the Ford. The core of this problem may be the misconception that the reader needs to identify with a character. That is oft repeated, but simply not true. A story creates an experience. One way to enter into that experience is to identify yourself with one of the characters in that experience. But it is not the only way, nor is it a necessary way. We are (some of us, at least) interested in people other than ourselves. In some cases we enjoy their company without wishing to be them. In some cases we rubberneck the disaster that is their lives the way we rubberneck an accident on the highway. The crisis point of inner personal conflict can also be reached without an external antagonist, without an external conflict. But external and internal conflicts are not alternatives. Internal conflict is always at the heart. The external conflict is merely a mechanism to bring them to that point. A play has certain practical requirements that are met by dividing it into acts: 

Is it really useful to import the very mechanical function of the Act from the stage to other media that do not share the same constraints of place and time. Some seem to think so. And some seem to stumble over it. Given this I would say that if you are writing for the page, use the concept if you find it useful; ignore it if you don't. But if you are writing for the stage, you are pretty much bound to follow it, and, to a lesser extent, for the screen as well. Archetypes are the building blocks of stories. Stories are particular constructions of human experience that produce an emotional response in us. We are wired for story. Archetypes are the anchors of key human relationships: hero, trickster, monster, mother, lover, etc. There is no story without archetypes. Part of the art of writing a play is lining up the dramatic structure of the play to align with the physical requirements of acts. You can go into more detail, but language does not give us the facility to easily describe the particular details of face and form that allow us to recognize individuals in real life. If a character has a face to a reader, it is the reader, not the writer who has supplied it, at least until the movie gets made, at which point the actor provides the face. Remember that the only function of a story is to give pleasure to a reader. It exists for no other purpose. There are many different kinds of pleasure that a story can give, and some of them do depend on withholding information (a whodunit, for instance). But for the most part, artificially withholding information that the reader wants to know is just going to annoy or bore the reader, and chances are they won't keep reading long enough to get to your reveal, however much of a big deal you think it is going to be. Stereotypes, on the other hand, are lazy portrayals of characters, relying more on appeals to prejudice than on appeals to the recognition of the truly human. Archetypes must be fleshed out, and the lazy way to do this is to rely on stereotypes. 

Inner conflict is the whole enchilada. All good stories lead up to a moment of crisis in which the protagonist must make a choice. That choice must be personally difficult. It must come at personal cost. Deciding to buy the Chevy rather than the Ford is a choice, but not one that comes at a personal moral or psychological cost. The climax of a story is always that moment of change or revelation when the protagonist must ask themselves, am I this sort of person or that, am I willing to pay this price or not? A properly fleshed out archetype, on the other hand, is essential to producing a satisfying literary experience. 

Still, the novel has long had its own unit for breaking the story into parts: the chapter. The chapter is a flexible unit. Some authors use short chapters and some use long ones. Chapters generally have some unity of theme or action, but no one suggests that they always delineate the major turning points of a story. They might better be described a "beats" in the story.