My introduction to the Trichotomous view was very early in my Christian life by reading Watchman Nee and just a few years later I tossed out his books as I had then encountered Dr. Martin Lloyd-Jones and saw a clear difference between Biblical exposition and a kind of mysticism that Nee promoted. The reason why the Trichotomous view (in this case) led to a sort of mysticism is that the ‘spirit’ as ‘opposed’ to the ‘soul’ was focused on as the true Godly part, and one was encouraged to sort of ignore the mind, emotions and will and try to reach out for a more ‘spiritual’ state ---- in communion with God. 

Yes, He was the only begotten Son of God before the incarnation. This has always been one of the core beliefs within both Catholic and Protestant churches, across all the ages. 

The 'laws of nature' simply show that God is fixed in his purposes as his power flows along unchanging rules. 

Notice the words ‘One and Only’. 

This verse really ties both subjects you have so aptly confused together in your question. For first, Jesus shows how he is the 'only Son', for he came from before time began, from the Father in heaven, humbling himself into a human nature, but they were unable to comprehend him. They just knew how to babble about their own view of themselves as being God's children. They were not aware that not everyone is God's child, only those adopted as a children through the death and merits of Christ's death and resserected life - are sons. 

If one were to imagine a god that could sin in some sense, then it would not longer be the God recognized by the scriptures. Therefore it would only be true when changing the meaning of the word God, to 'idol'. There may be some unholy and unbelieving people willing to do this, but it would be an incorrect answer by the definition of the words being used in the question. I am assuming by 'God', in the question it is meant 'God'. I am also assuming that by 'sin' in the question, it is meant something God hates and punishes, as it is against his holy nature and perfect will. Unless either 'sin' or 'God' be corrupted into a new meaning, there can be only one obvious answer which all understand as self-evident. No. 

So Jesus is the Eternal Word, of the Father and is God of very God. Now the eternal word of God is the express image ‘coming out’ of the Father which is his One and only Eternal Son. 

God can't sin because he is immutable. Some questions do not need long answers. It would be more debatable to ask 'Can men become muti-headed rabbits?' The simple answer is, 'Of course not.' 

Submit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you. (James 4:7, NIV) 

As we find the concept of the trinity more fully developed upon the actual appearance of the Son in the flesh, the name Lord is transferred to Christ so that Jesus takes the title Lord, that is the One and only God. Therefore if we pray 'Dear Lord Jesus' we are praying 'dear the one and only God - Jesus.' 

First let me quote a book that others have noted that provides a good summary of both views: 

-3- It is requested that a theological framework be used which acknowledges God if, not directly predestinating men individually (Calvinistic) at least knows in advance what they will decide (not necessarily Calvinistic) and that he knows all things and has all power, otherwise he would not be able to have a full view of everything and would not be able to proactively work much of anything out to anyone's good.  It must also be accepted that as he is omniscient, he must be able to plan all this working of good things from eternity. 

As the Son is God the scripture sometimes directly uses the term directly to the Son: 

This joy, when eminent with respect to a wonderful work where God takes special joy, is often accompanied by illustration in the celebration of angels: 

Second let me explain why a good understanding of the dichotomous theory does have some similarities with the trichotomous theory, but better explains that commonality. 

As the word 'celebrate' implies satisfaction or joy, I don't think we can properly say the Devil 'celebrates' in any thing that he falsely perceives as accomplishing his hate. As the Devil in enraged by cruel ambitions, he can find no real satisfaction or joy. Rather all his efforts would be understood better as an energetic and powerful 'writhing in agony.' As the scriptures do not unveil the secret and loathsome works of darkness, any further speculation on how the Devil feels or perceives things falsely would be out of place. We only know he is suffering death. 

This means that the Son of God is an eternal being who was loved by the Father before the creation, everything that happened in time is secondary to his role of Son. Therefore, to compare him to anyone else is like comparing infinite to finite, i.e. everything else is nothing to God comparatively. He can't love them in any way like he loves his only Son.