Under the Meiji Constitution of Imperial Japan, the Prime Minister - like all Ministers of State - were technically appointed by the Emperor solely on his own discretion. - Livermore, David M. "Antibiotic Resistance in Staphylococci." International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents 16 (2000): 3-10. 

Note also that multiple graduates receives the gift in each year. The Army War College for example awarded the top six graduates of each class. Similarly, at the Army Academy, - Hackett, Roger F. Yamagata Aritomo in the rise of modern Japan, 1838-1922. Cambridge, Mass: Harvard University Press, 1971. Here we see the Trotskyists demonised as Japanese collaborators, designed to evoke hatred for the group at a time of the Sino-Japanese War. When the People's Republic was founded in 1949, the general hostility has not changed. An anthology of Chairman Mao's Greatest Hits published in 1951, shortly after founding, Trotsky's footnotes read: 

The individual X's do not represent "brigades". Instead, each X goes up one level in the hierarchy of formations. See below for what they correspond to (though different services/countries may use their own localisation). 

- Section 29, National Prohibition Act of 1919 No, this story is assuredly bogus. That said, it is true that Imperial Japan honoured top graduates with royal gifts. However, such gifts were never exclusively swords. The Army War College used binoculars in its early years, for instance. Likewise, the Army Academy in fact awarded silver pocket watches. 

The Xi'an incident provides an indicator of contemporary public opinion. Not only did the central government continue to support Chiang after his capture during the "armed remonstrance", the mutineers were widely condemned in the court of public opinion. Originally, the movement emerged as a reaction to Chinese diplomatic weakness by the traditional literati. The movement was championed by intellectuals who had grown disillusioned with the early republican government, beginning in 1915 with the Chinese capitulation to Japan's Twenty-One Demands. Leading proponents of the movement include Hu Shih, Chien Hsüantung, Chen Tuhsiu, and Lu Hsün. Of these characters, Chen was a Trotskyist who co-founded the Chinese Communist Party, while Lu Hsün was a leftist who was sympathetic to Communism. Many involved were educators in the great universities. 

Trotstky (1879-1940), after the October Revolutions held positions such as People's Commissar of Military and Naval Affairs. After Lenin died, he opposed Lenin's theory and path of building socialism in the Soviet Union, and was expelled in November 1927. Trotsky engaged in many divisive and destructive sabotage in international Communist movements.