Flag weight is designed to illustrate, in very simple numbers, the relationship between a user's consistent good flags and the likelihood that their future flags will be important. Could we enable a preference setting to turn this feature off? I can understand abiding by the rules of highlighting when I actually set favorite tags. It could also be a means to educate users as to the existence of the tag preference system, if they have not yet known about it. But for users who do know it and willingly decide not to use it, could we have the ability to choose not to have this highlighting? One problem, though, is that tags are... slightly permanent. Once a room has tags, it cannot have tags removed unless at least one tag remains. So if it only has one tag, that tag cannot be removed, it can only be replaced. If it has more than one tag, you may remove as many tags as needed as long as you leave at least one remaining. The other thing is that deleted comments would produce a lot of noise were they visible. The ability to see them, currently, could only be used for one thing by moderators - review. We cannot revise, reverse, or otherwise interact with these things in any meaningful way like we can do with deleted posts. They thus stand in our face as if actionable, when there is nothing that can be done. And in the vast majority of scenarios, there isn't anything that should be done. The fact it's deleted is the signal that it already has been done. Which draws to the second point, undermining the meaning of flag weight. Someone with a low rate means that we have a slight expectation for their flags to be not useful. Someone with a high rate means that the majority of their flags will be actionable. We expect a trend from that. A user's history of flagging success tells us what should be done when they stray from the path of good flagging. But it doesn't really impact the severity of that straying, nor the necessity of action. A former 75% flagger who has redeemed herself is just as capable of a basic trip up as one of the deputies, and I don't see why it should have any more or less of an impact based on their current flag weight. I already commented that I disagree entirely with the premise of the system being broken on account of your example scenarios, as they are unrealistic. People don't reach 500 or get denied from 500 by staying at abysmal success rates - they either shape up, or face consequences. This is a human operated system, after all. But let's get off that subject and discuss your feature request here. Can we allow some level of site specification for this? I can see that being able to specify any SE site would be problematically annoying. But I think that at least being able to specify, for example, tags from the parent site when posting on the Meta site would be useful. On the Meta site for any Stack Exchange site, proper tagging is a very common topic of discussion, and being able to use the new tag formatting will roll right in comfortably. But currently, instead of linking to the tag you actually mean, it'll link to the (typically non-existent) Meta tag. The bug is whatever gave you that URL, if it was internal SE link and not added manually by someone. Whenever I try to flag or close a question here, when clicking the submit button the button gets disabled, three dots animating and nothing really happens. I keep seeing the following scenario: See in the bottom of the Our Team page: Worth to mention that in the Welcome Message neither of them is linked to a profile. I do agree it's weird, and better give different color to the logo, but this might as well be by design. Regex, it's always the regex. Seriously now, the reason is a rogue trailing slash you have in the URL, which is not supposed to be there. JS console show a single error: Well, you can also remove it from within the box itself by clicking the highlighted star: In the name of Consistency, can we please have the same color on all sites? Please fix, programming questions and spam are beginning to pile up. :( The fixed color that was defined for the logo in the beginning has been removed, so that's why we see the default link color. For example here it's blue, on gaming.SE it's dark blue, and on EL&U the color of the links is the red you see. I think removing the penalty is worth a shot. I think it'd encourage downvoting as a viable method of responding to a bad question or answer, and if someone decided to abuse it and go downvote-crazy, the fraud detection would catch the most damaging scenarios. When someone votes to close a question as a duplicate, they provide a link to the potential duplicate and the system auto-generated a "possible duplicate of ..." comment. We have received a few complaints recently from folks who signed up on one of the sites to ask a question or post an answer and were surprised that their avatar was automatically pulled from Gravatar. In some cases it was because they forgot they even had a Gravatar account. In others it became a privacy issue - posting anonymously becomes more difficult if their Gravatar is a photo of themselves. 3) Do a double-take, copy the tag from the "new tag name" field into "old tag name", and proceed from there. The top bar will look like this across all sites: