The sound /l/ could also become /r/ in this context, as seen in Spanish alondra from Latin alaudulam. However, it doesn't seem necessary to postulate an intermediate change of /n/ to /l/ to explain the words above with -ndr- from -ndin-. But what really surprised me was finding that the Oxford English Dictionary lists another, more regular-looking pronunciation where the ie represents two vowels in hiatus: /ˈhɪdʒɪiːn/. (You'll need a subscription, either personal or through an institution like a library, to access the preceding link.) After some searching, I found another source that lists a similar pronunciation, with the "ie" in hiatus but the "y" apparently long (/ˈhaɪdʒɪiːn/): The Imperial Dictionary of the English Language, by John Ogilvie, 1883. (Unfortunately, due to the low quality of the Google Books scan, I'm not entirely sure if the first "I" in the transcription has a macron (which would indicate the pronunciation /ˈhaɪdʒɪiːn/) or just a tittle (which would indicate /ˈhɪdʒɪiːn/, the same as the OED). I found this exception mentioned in the fourth edition of John Walker's "Critical Pronouncing Dictionary" (1846), but there is no explanation given. The Oxford English Dictionary entries for these three words also don't explain the pronunciation. I don't know if the change of n to r in these contexts is a common sound change from before the Romance languages diverged, or if it was a parallel development, possibly due to regional influence between the languages that show this change. Preverbs seem to have been treated strangely in Pre- and Proto-Germanic, being unstressed and not wholly bound to the verb; for example, clitics could intervene between preverbs and verbs. I'm not really certain about the specifics, but you can see the same development in *bi(-⁠), originally *h₁pi, from PIE *h₁epi. Anglom (talk) 23:34, 17 October 2015 (UTC) According to the sources listed at the "Biblehub" site, the word orgē may come: A related question: a rough breathing seems to also have developed in some words that didn't start with upsilon, but that had *w in their PIE form. In most words starting with *w in PIE, like *wérǵom > ἔργον (érgon) the *w simply developed to ϝ (representing the sound /w/) and was later lost, leaving a smooth breathing behind. Why did a rough breathing develop in the following words? Also from Wiktionary, I found a claim that Gothic at least allowed stacking of pre-verbs in such a way as to place them word-internally (and this seems to be backed up by other sources such as Phrasal Verbs: The English Verb-Particle Construction and its History by Stefan Thim):