Lately I've noticed a massive build-up of unreviewed posts. When the review panel was first implemented, there would only ever be maybe 50 unreviewed posts at a time (in a given tab) for my monthly view. Now I log in and there's a thousand or two thousand pending. I think a lot of people quit reviewing after the first badge, so having a gold badge with a high threshold would really improve activity in the review panel and keep people going to improve the community. I've drawn a single 1px line through both sides using the other side's color. Can you see it? ^_^ It seems like a bit of a backtrack to limit users to only a certain number of moderation flags in the day. I understand why the limit is in place, so people can't "spam" moderators with useless flags (is this even the reason?). But those of us who use them appropriately should be able to continue flagging things that we find to be inappropriate. I've used all of my flags for the day, at least the normal, non-spam-offensive flags. So now if I see something which is not an answer, etc I am unable to flag anything further until the magical reset point at midnight UTC. Personally, I was on a quest to try and clear out all the posts in a single tab before it started showing me the same things over and over (and over) and then it got frustrating because I wasn't even making progress. Quest denied. :( I want users to be able to check off #s 4, 6, 9-14, 17-39, and 42 and tell us "those ones right there should all go", and I want a mod who agrees to be able to click "make it so!" and have it be so. Atomic flag groups would be resilient in the face of newer comments, unlike my earlier example. Because it's a post flag (not comment flags) we can easily see who's flagging, to know if it's a participant in the thread, the author of the post, or somebody else. (Sometimes that matters.) Show off the posts I'm most proud of Give users a place on the profile1 (Profile rather than Activity; this is outward-facing) to collect, say, up to 10 posts that they're most proud of or otherwise want to show off. Sometimes your best work isn't high-scoring (maybe it's in an obscure, low-traffic tag), or maybe you just think everything clicked on that post and you want to show it off a little. Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. Would it be possible to increase the weight of title text in searches (maybe just on Meta)? I know that this is fundamentally user error, but it seems like placing exact title matches at the very top of search results could alleviate some of these duplicates.