This was Machiavelli's identifying line to many people, and in my conversations with them, I got the impression that Machiavelli meant the following: that, given an ends profitable enough, any means, even a very immoral one, is justifiable. 

Prior to reading The Prince, I had heard of the aphorism: 

Hobbes Thomas Hobbes was a political philosopher who is often seen as the successor to Machiavelli; he focused on a practical and effective state as opposed to the ideal utopias of the past. In De Cive, Hobbes set the foundation for his theory of state, from which he determined what would be morally correct: 

This is an important part of Hobbes' principles (you'd have to read his first three chapters to really get an complete understanding), and in short, it demonstrates how Hobbes considers anything in the pursuit of peace (as opposed to "warre") as moral, and that these pursuits are listed in his "naturall lawes". 

However, Plato points out that these guardians must never be corrupted. Thus, he determines that they must give up all private property and live in community bunkers so that their sole interest is in their people (an obvious parallel with Communism here, just an interesting note). They will have live with no luxury and the bare minimum of supplies. To this declaration, Adeimantus complains: 

The rest of his argument is similar in style, his point being that happiness can actually drive one away from their duty of doing justice. Guardians that are too happy will be distracted from being guardians and tempted into gratifying themselves. Likewise, all who have the duty to be just must avoid being distracted by happiness. 

This is a valid and intuitive complaint to many; even if the guardians have some satisfaction in completing their duty to justice, they still won't be very happy at all. Plato's main rebuttal follows: 

Hegel is similar to Kant in seeing the state as ultimately a product of reason and similar to Aristotle in seeing the state as an organic whole larger and prior to the individual humans and families that make it up. At the same time, the Hegelian picture depends on internal conflicts and their modifications. The net result of that is that Hegel would find such dissolution where states break apart to be a temporary resolution until their inevitable reunion in something larger and more complete as an integration between the individuals, families, the community, and Absolute spirit. (long story ...). 

In terms of philosophical theories of the state (in this case the polis), the earliest two philosophers, I know of, in the West who consider this question are Plato and Aristotle. 

I'm not familiar enough with Aquinas's account of the state to provide the contours, but I gather it's a somewhat communitarian picture but not overly prone to allowing schisms emphasizing the holistic aspects of the Aristotelian picture. 

This is harsh, but Aristotle's ethics doesn't have the same virtues as later Christian and post-Christian ethics. Mercy is not a key value of the ancient Greeks nor is allotment for disabilities or poor upbringing. 

Under American law and English law, as under French law, an informal consensus would appear to have emerged, to the effect that the terms ‘duty’ and ‘obligation’ are synonymous. 

I am mentioning this because even if you're not a subjectivist, the argument that majority is always just or that the will of the majority must be considered 'right' is impeachable. 

Duty: From Middle English duete, from Old French deu (“due”), past participle of devoir (“to owe”), from Latin debere (“to owe”), from de (“from”) + habere (“to have”). 

The categorical imperative does not give licenses to others, it doesn't concern others, it's about verifying that your act is contradiction-free. Stealing that cent is not generalisable because that act, among other problems (e.g. stealing, see NotThatGuy's answer), reduces to absurdity the concept of a bank where you put your money, which is rightfully yours, to keep it safe. By definition an act that is not generalisable is, according to Kant, unethical. 

It would be interesting to have some passages to compare from these authors that you speak about. I too would say, intuitively, that they can't mean exactly the same. So I put my head into some books (not really) to see what I can come up with. I do not find my finding interesting enough to earn a bounty, but nonetheless I prefer to share. 

Studying Kant's Perpetual Peace I happened to notice the concept of adiaphora. Further investigations brought up almost nothing: There are several references to adiaphora in Kant's work that clearly contradict each other. 

I think you understood Singer's argument wrong, or maybe the argument looks different than in his other books. The pond analogy as I know it has nothing to do with buying clothes or the number of actually starving children. 

For some of these consequentialists, there is a single thing we are trying to maximize. In that case, it's partially a question of quantifying how much the research gains produce this vs. how much is lost in the loss of freedom. (Obviously, if freedom maximization is the goal, then research loses unless it could make up for that loss). 

To summarize and return to "informed consent," there's no consensus that immediately follows from "Utilitarianism" and its relation to informed consent and to research. If anything, there's several problems mired together: 

Hegel is similar to Kant in seeing the state as ultimately a product of reason and similar to Aristotle in seeing the state as an organic whole larger and prior to the individual humans and families that make it up. At the same time, the Hegelian picture depends on internal conflicts and their modifications. The net result of that is that Hegel would find such dissolution where states break apart to be a temporary resolution until their inevitable reunion in something larger and more complete as an integration between the individuals, families, the community, and Absolute spirit. (long story ...).