As you child matures and has a few words and is able to point or grab for a wanted item, this is the time to allow them to make choices. 

I'd be careful about making a big deal of anything you are worrying about. In our home when K came home from school, we'd have a drink at the kitchen table. I'd ask about her day and look at her work, if she brought any home. I'd ask what her day was like. I'd tell her about my day, too. It gave her an opportunity to solve her own problems (if she thought she had any), but with my gentle suggestions. 

I wonder if he thinks it is a problem or if perhaps he is just trying to share the regular trials and tribulations about school. He also has peers. I remember having a student who was in the habit of saying things he repeated after hearing his older brother discuss school. "I hate school. It's too hard. I want to play." I worked with that student to change the conversational habit to a happier one. It did not happen in a day, but what he was saying was a self-fulfilling prophecy and it was something that we could change. 

-Have an need for oral stimulation 

To set the stage for effectively addressing this challenge, avoid calling or thinking of your child as a “biter” and ask others not to use this term. Labeling children can actually lead to them taking on the identity assigned to them, which can intensify biting behavior rather than eliminate it. 

I suggest the parent chooses two items that are acceptable to him or her and then allows a real choice to the child. The parent selects two shirts or two food items or two activities and then the child selects the one they prefer. You can add a third selection in time, but in the beginning -- keep it simple. 

-Are experimenting to see what will happen 

I'd try a balance of gross motor activities, fine motor activities and reading and arithmetic. Many of these activities are pre-math and pre-reading. Your child should also be well into learning to make choices and decisions. 

"I am sorry that you are cold because you chose not to bring your jacket. I will take you home and next time you can bring your coat." He has lost his playtime at the park, but chose not to bring the jacket and the consequence is natural. You have no need to be angry and you can even commiserate with him. 

As we discover triggers for unwanted behaviours (getting close to lunch time -- hungry; tired, fearful; sick/hurting; transition from one area or activity to another; arrival/home time; wanting space; wanting a toy -- any sharing situation is difficult for young children; new person in the area; trouble at home...), we can watch to redirect the child and comfort them and even remove them from that specific situation. Staff, parents, teachers and caregivers do have to be vigilant, especially when the behaviour is a health risk, like climbing, biting, hitting, running away, throwing objects and so on. 

Choices are really important. They help to build respect, to invite cooperation, to develop problem-solving skills, and it takes advantage of a child's normal requirement for some control. 

Biting must be taken seriously. The site Bugs provided is excellent, so I will repeat it here 

You can help increase your child's attention span. I would try setting a task -- it doesn't have to be hard or nasty -- just one you select. Make it as short as possible. The child earns a token for doing the task. The next task is slightly longer. SLIGHTLY. Another token. The last task is again slightly longer. Token earned and and enough tokens, buys him/her a special thing. (I like 3 tasks/tokens because even young kids understand 3.) As the days go on the tasks get longer by small degrees until instead of 3 tokens for 3 minutes on tasks, they are earning 3 tokens for thirty minutes on tasks. I would end up with students working for an hour before their tokens bought them the toy/game/free time activity they wanted. 

Teachers of special needs or very young students have to teach students the ability to sit on a task for longer periods of time. Attention span is a problem for all teachers and his teacher should already know how to help students increase theirs. There are also stickers and so on that tell a parent that the child has earned a privilege at the end of the school day. If there is no sticker or whatever, the special thing doesn't happen. Special things might be drawing with the parent, or anything that isn't food/money or necessary-exercise based. It could be staying up 15 mins later or watching a specific show on TV. The parent doesn't need to say anything more than, "I'm sorry you did not earn the special thing." No further action is taken or needed. The child IS in charge of that. 

-Are overwhelmed by the sounds, light or activity level in this setting 

Other Ideas In my own opinion any good teacher knows that children arrive with different levels of ability. The less ability a student has means they get more of the teacher's time. So I'd also teach your child to be self-reliant. Most teachers will not object if your child is quiet and busy and doing the same subject as the others. If that material is more advanced but the regular work is handed in and the child is not disrupting the class, it's a win. 

Redirection is a parental behaviour management technique that helps to prevent injuries, and promotes desired behaviours. It furthers learning and exploration while reducing punishment and negativity.