It seems further complicated by the fact that any regulations were held to be important but lousily enforced. More important than to really keep certain people out for good seems the aspect of keeping them separate from the good people: But whatever your status: having access to a real (Greek) doctor was a matter of prestige, whatever the status of the doctor. It seems to be quite well known that a human doctor was superior to incubation, and therefore preferred. In case a 'professional' wasn't available Roman family structure already provided an alternative in the pater familias being responsible for curing maladies. But going to such a sanctuary does not seem to have been restricted to any class. For Jews you can hardly be more offensive than that. After things were finished up in Judea the city of Jerusalem not only had its name changed to Aelia Capotilina but also the Temple Mount was razed and a whole temple dedicated to Jupiter Capotilinus erected in place of the second Temple. It might be argued that Greek scientific medicine was in itself a form of this phobia: For the cultural development it should be clear that the Galatians were as Celtic as Celts can be before they split off from the main group in Greece. While they initially retained many aspects of their identity as Celts they gradually assimilated into the Greek-Roman-Greek surroundings. (Meaning they hellenised, adopted Greek customs, became Roman subjects and later Byzantine ones.) By contrast with the Greek East, where there were medical dynasties and, even occasionally, doctors drawn from wealthy families, the practitioners of medicine in Rome were at best parvenus, and, far more often, drawn from what in law were the very lowest sections of society, slaves and ex-slaves. Although the figures are a little distorted by the abundance of information provided by inscriptions coming from the emperor’s Roman household of slaves and ex-slaves, scarcely 10 per cent of doctors recorded epi- graphically from Italy and the western Latin provinces of the Empire before AD 100 are Roman citizens; over 75 per cent are either slaves or ex-slaves; and fewer than 5 per cent bear a non-Greek name. Although the percentage of citizens and of non-Greek names rises over the next two centuries, the general pattern remains the same. (Nutton p168.) One of the leading factors to account for the widespread dismissal of the sheer possibility of ancient visual instruments seems to be the lack of durability for the physical objects in question. In more favourable conditions such objects such objects did survive: Conclusion Historians certainly do not agree that the Romans invented glass. Historians and archaeologists are currently rediscovering and arguing about very ancient optics and their applications in glass or other suitable material. Even very early telescopes do not seem completely outlandish anymore. While the earliest proof for their use as correctives in vision – and especially for reading – may be debatable, the use as burning lenses and magnification devices is certainly millennia old and only lost in early medieval time. Examples of these devices are found both in the form of artefacts and literary evidence. Both articles mention other causes for defeat, but I'm wondering if inexperience in a new system on the battlefield played a part. Looking on Wikipedia for Roman battles just after the reform brings two Roman defeats in the Cimbrian War: the Battle of Burdigala (107 BC) and the disastrous Battle of Arausio (105 BC). The caption in Wikipedia says: Wikipedia and Britannica show this bust in their articles about Arminius: The description in Wikimedia Commons is this: I'm quite interested in the removal of the Hastati, Principes and Triarii elements introduced by the Marian reforms in 107 BC, and how it affected the Roman army at first. What was the largest battle, by number of participants, in which ancient Rome took part? Not counting sieges. Doesn't look much barbarian to me (what, no moustache?) All these numbers come from Wikipedia, and can vary a lot, so I'm looking for something more reliable. My hope is some historian has addressed this, being the question so basic (and quite infantile). It might be argued that Greek scientific medicine was in itself a form of this phobia: But this is one of very few instances that the Romans before Constantine really imposed their religious views and disregarded what the locals felt about these issues. While it apparently should not be called 'tolerance' any longer, Roman religious policy was at least far more respecting to indigenous religions as to make this "erecting offensive statues" not the general norm. They just added to their own pantheon and requested similar worship from the locals for the state religion. By contrast with the Greek East, where there were medical dynasties and, even occasionally, doctors drawn from wealthy families, the practitioners of medicine in Rome were at best parvenus, and, far more often, drawn from what in law were the very lowest sections of society, slaves and ex-slaves. Although the figures are a little distorted by the abundance of information provided by inscriptions coming from the emperor’s Roman household of slaves and ex-slaves, scarcely 10 per cent of doctors recorded epi- graphically from Italy and the western Latin provinces of the Empire before AD 100 are Roman citizens; over 75 per cent are either slaves or ex-slaves; and fewer than 5 per cent bear a non-Greek name. Although the percentage of citizens and of non-Greek names rises over the next two centuries, the general pattern remains the same. (Nutton p168.) Both articles mention other causes for defeat, but I'm wondering if inexperience in a new system on the battlefield played a part. All these numbers come from Wikipedia, and can vary a lot, so I'm looking for something more reliable. My hope is some historian has addressed this, being the question so basic (and quite infantile). A quick Google search reveals nothing authoritative, but some discussion threads mention the battles of Adrianople (295K), Arausio (280K), Vercellae (260K), and -although a bit of a siege- Alesia (260K) - suggested by @ed.hank. Looking on Wikipedia for Roman battles just after the reform brings two Roman defeats in the Cimbrian War: the Battle of Burdigala (107 BC) and the disastrous Battle of Arausio (105 BC). Besides being found in Dresden (I guess), What reasons have led some historians to identify this as Arminius? What was the largest battle, by number of participants, in which ancient Rome took part? Not counting sieges. Of course, in case the new Marian legions didn't made their debut in neither of those battles, where was it and what impact had the new composition of the army? The description in Wikimedia Commons is this: