I would have to agree that the current URLs are an eyesore, but only if you actually look at them. As far as I am concerned, this would certainly be an improvement - but a very, very, microscopically small one. It would be much better to have developers focus on more pressing issues. As long as it works, and it's not really, really ugly (really ugly), it would be a waste of time, IMO. When you submit your question, Stack Exchange automatically strips out ending periods - which is why the current title is only 14 characters. I would expect it to give all the negatively scored posts - there is a minus sign in there. Pretty self-explanatory. It's borked! * I've crossed 2k, and now I have the unified Edit menu you're all missing out on! I just failed an audit, just like every month. I'm not here to complain, though - I saw this: I am a 1500* high rep SO user. As such, I've had the Retag ability for some time, but I'm not yet able to bypass the review queue for 'normal' edits. Which just happens to be 15 characters... with the period. I bet that what happened is that the user originally wrote: Upovoting? New feature? Does it refer to the action of upvoting a post when a unicorn is in your backyard eating a waffle? Seriously, though, it's a typo. Could it be fixed? Please? The action of upvoting after seriously considering downvoting. Seen on the mobile site; on the overview of my profile. So, my feature-request is that for us 500 < Rep < 2000 users (all 51,000 of us), to kill the Retag option on questions. It's great that the button is there, but it clutters up the question view. There is no reason the Retag option can't be merged with the Edit option. Screenshot of Android public beta start in two days http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-android-beta-hover.png When a mod converts a post to a comment, if the post contains a link of this form: Screenshot of the above http://mrozekma.com/so-chat-reverse.png If you try and flag two comments in a row, you run into the vote rate-limiter: Screenshot of the host list http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-modify-room-host.png When creating a new chat room, it's possible to not associate it with a specific site, if you choose "The Stack Exchange Network" from the site list (it appears twice for some reason, but that's a separate issue): I mangled a convert to comment earlier and needed to undelete the post so I could redo it. When the post was converted a second time, I noticed it suddenly had a single undelete vote (it said "undelete (1)" on the link, and showed up in the 10k list). When I undeleted and converted it again it had two votes, and so on: A lot of short but good answers are now popping up in the low quality posts tab's random groupings, which is making it harder to find true non-answers. Almost all of the upvoted answers that appear here are actual answers and should be left alone. Very few of the non-answers get voted up by anyone, because of their lack of content. After going through posts in the /review page, one of the trends that I noticed was that very few non-answers were upvoted at all. Now that results are presented in random groupings if a query has more than a certain number of results, there isn't a way to sort these results by votes or by those which perform worst on the review algorithm. If we had an option on the /review page to filter the low quality posts to only those at 0 votes or lower, I think it would make the random groupings more effective in showing potential answers to be removed, as well as questions that may need help.