As Colin Fine says, the words are somewhat similar in Proto-Indo-European: 'nine' is PIE *h1neun, 'new' is PIE *neuo-. The latter word seems clearly derived from *nu 'now': 'new' is 'that of now'. Phonologically it seems difficult to relate *h1neun to *nu/*neuo-, both because of the initial laryngeal and the final n, neither of which could be added by any regular derivational process; and semantically there's no obvious relationship between 'nine' and 'new'. So they're most likely unrelated - although see fdb's answer for some reasonable arguments to the contrary. Of course, your question can be taken a step further back -- where did Proto-Indo-European come from? The answer to that is that, although many people have speculated, no one really knows, because there isn't enough evidence to work with. (Btw, many or most common English words do not come from Latin and Greek, but directly from Proto-Indo-European.) 

It has cognates in many other Semitic languages, all with the same meaning "give birth", so I would say that that is the "essence of its meaning". (I've never seen this root used to mean "travail", by the way; if it's attested in that meaning somewhere, this is probably a secondary sense.) 

There was also word for "thus", "ergo", "it follows that" which confusingly Mallory gives as e̯ita̯ while Beekes gives as e̯ei and analyses as locative case of pronoun e̯e "that". As such I would conclude that using the sleep visions metaphorically for desires remains highly productive and not necessary inherited from any proto-languages. 

I wonder what is the etymology of the word sport. An ironic consequence of this hypothesis if we accept it would be that the both parts of the English word "yesterday" originate from the same root: the yester- part is from dhĝhi̯es "yesterday" while the second part is from dheĝhr "day". The corresponding PIE form would be dhĝhi̯esterom dheĝhr (according the rules, the first word due to large consonant cluster would be pronounced starting with ĝh- already in PIE). It is unknown whether such form was used already in PIE or originated later, but it does not seem impossible especially given that dhĝhi̯es is adverb rather than a noun. For instance, in Russian you can say "вчера" "yesterday" and "вчерашний день" "yesterday(adj.) day". 

No, they are not borrowed, they are cognates. The Proto-Indo-European word was dusmenēs which meant "hostile" (from dus- "bad" and men- "think"). See Mallory & Adams. which could be contracted to e̯nu- if used as a prefix. 

The word is a cognate to Hebrew tov (טוֹב) comes to the Proto-Semitic ṭayb and further etymology is unavailable. This hints at that the words could be related if the exact value of the g was determined wrongly. The Russian and Polish word "pravo" originates from a different PIE root and cognate with the English word "first" and German word "Frau". The basic meaning of the root "per-" was "over", "through" as in PIE adverb peri, but later the meaning also shifted to "against" as in proti, "forward, ahead" and further to "first" as in prou̯os. If e̯oghu̯is, it could be connected to e̯eghu̯ti drinks 

Also take into account the root *per- meaning "first", "in front", "against" and Proto-Slavic perdъ "before, in front of" < PIE *per-dʰ-o. I wonder if it is connected to the Thai farang which is also used to denote a westerner. I want also to point out that English language has different words for visualized desires not connected with sleep, for example "reverie", "vision", "aspiration", "imagining", "desire", "infatuation", "idealization" etc. I wonder whether the word for "one" 

Cornish pemp and Latin quinque (five) This is because the Proto-Indo-European language from which English derives had the ending -om in nominative for inanimate(neuter) nouns. Some words and suffixes were borrowed into English from Latin and Greek who also derived from PIE. I also wonder whether the following words are related: 

In this light you should consider the fact that they reconstruct two very close roots for PIE: lupos "fox" and u̯lq̆os "wolf". If we consider the p a result of alternation, we come to luq̆os vs u̯lq̆os which could be result of elementary metathesis. 

I think both Latin and Russian words derive from Proto-Indo-European "com bheroa̯" "I am putting together". 

So here is the account by Eustathius (although it seems he in turn refers to Arianos): This text is from: A dictionary of Greek and Roman biography and mythology, 1873 (ed. William Smith). 

plea̯ti̯om a kind of dress (cloak) 

e̯eĝherom lake (> russ. озеро) Starostin gives contradictory accounts: in Indo-European etymology page he gives the first variant, but on a page for Eurasiatic etymology he gives the second one. Possibly the vowel could be alternated in this root depending on meaning (to give birth/son), similarly to alternation in ret-/rot-. The feminine suffix in PIE is believed to be -i̯ea̯, though the ablaut grade in nominative is not certain. Traditionally reconstructed as -i̯ea̯ (because of long vowels in Latin), but Beekes hypothesizes that the Nominative form was -ia̯, while in other cases it could become -i̯ea̯. A form -a̯/-ea̯ also can be seen in some words.