I'm releasing the images under the same license that applies to this answer - i.e. Creative Commons by-sa. If you want better feedback, try being more specific about what exactly it is what you want. The rest of his answer is copied from this MSDN page. Just posting a link under the heading "similar threads" is not enough. This is simple plagiarism, and really stinks. There are many feature requests that technically belong on Meta.SE (as they are about site agnostic features) but practically they apply to SO only. How will those be handled? 1920x1200 - 1920x1080 - 1680x1050 - 1600x1200 - 1280x1024 - 1280x800 - 1024x768 Will the Meta community be involved in the selection process of what goes where? Or are moderators planning to do this all on their own? I guess most of us current high-rep users are guilty of having answered these kinds of questions at some point in the past, and gaining rep points for it (I know I have) so discouraging the practice now feels slightly hypocritical. Still: the classy thing to do is absolutely to post only a comment, or a CW answer, and vote for the question to be closed. I'd advise against posting an answer (but is a legitimate thing to do). With a high-res Unicorn courtesy of course of @balpha and his marvellous Unicorn Farm. As to targeting questions that you have answered - I don't think anyone is attacking you personally; but even if it were the case, then it's just you answered a couple of exceedingly localized and basic questions that someone maybe found through your profile. I don't know, but even that would not be a problem in my book. Answering crap is not a sin as such, but I've arrived in the camp that says answering these kinds of questions encourages the asking of even more of them, and that's a bad thing - especially in the PHP tag. Deleting this stuff is actually quality control. I see what you mean, but it's just a question of culture, and easy to get used to. I personally wouldn't edit somebody else's question just to remove the salutation, but it is within the rules and bound to happen occasionally. 1920x1200 - 1920x1080 - 1680x1050 - 1600x1200 - 1280x1024 - 1280x800 - 1024x768 If they eventually evolve professionally, they will find out that it's deprecated quickly enough (e.g. by looking in the manual). SO can't be responsible for every crappy tutorial out there. I mean, W3Schools sports SQL injection vulnerabilities in its examples to this day. As far as I understand the terms of CC-Wiki under which your post was published, it is a clear violation of the license. This aspect of moderation takes a certain amount of thick skin. Do you have it? What would you do if a conflict with a user "gets to you"? Once a question has left the sandbox, it can't be put back any more. This allows for upvoting a question to get it out of the sandbox, answering it, and removing the upvote if you feel the question deserves an answer, but no upvote. alt text http://www.pekkagaiser.com/stuff/unicorns/3.png Unicorn riding the plains The questions linked to in the chat conversation were garbage. The very definition of the kind of content we don't want here, and what delete votes are for. Example: Not initially, but yes, eventually. Stack Overflow is going to get a shiny new empty meta site to begin using as they see fit right away; it's up to them to decide what goes there. The vast majority of users who present mysql_* code have copy-pasted it from some crappy tutorial and are going through the first steps of learning programming. They will not heed the PDO advice. They will not add error checking to their code. They just want to know why it doesn't work and what they need to do to make it work.