(2) it is conceivable that he might have laid aside, for a time, the symbols or the manifestation of his glory, or that the outward expressions of his majesty in heaven might have been withdrawn. It is conceivable for a divine being to intermit the exercise of his almighty power, since it cannot be supposed that God is always exerting his power to the utmost. And in like manner there might be for a time a laying aside or intermitting of these manifestations or symbols, which were expressive of the divine glory and perfections. Yet, 

In layman's terms, fornication is often used as an allegory for idolatry. In the same way people are unfaithful to spouses by fornicating in the usual sense of the word, idolatry is "cheating on" God. 

There are several teachings that indicate that there will be rewards in Heaven. Most commonly this is in reference to the Bema Seat. The statement of "least" and "greatest" in heaven is a art of that belief. Being "great" would imply that you've earned it as a reward for meekness, faithfulness, humility, etc. 

"He who plants and he who waters are one, and each one will receive his own reward according to his own labor" (1 Corinthians 3:8). 

Genesis 3 would mark the first normal, regular, repeatable events by which could measure time began, but time actually began with space and energy in Genesis 1:1, when God spoke the universe into existence. 

The general consensus from the commentaries I've seen on this, as well as the teachings of my Church, taking all of Matthew 22 in context is that the invitation for salvation is open to all, yet few actually choose to come to salvation. 

Another verse that supports this concept: 

The translation in question "anything" actually comes from two words: pantos [any/every] and pragmatos [practice/matter]. 

Note that Wikipedia mentions that this could be two separate events, but it is commonly accepted to be one event, shared among the gospels. 

In this case, it would be addressed to a generic group of academics (since it was an honorary title, it would apply to anyone reading it--academics of the day). 

Regula Fidei A quick definition: 

A word study This isn't really necessary for the answer (once I re-read the question), but I'd already written it up, so I'll include it here: This gets a bit more interesting in the Greek. 

However, if we look at the dictionary, joy seems to mean "happiness". 

Matthew 16:24 (NIV) Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. 

And it seems that joy is something we can attain by having the Holy Spirit in our lives: 

If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. 

Stewardship is a common theme throughout the Bible. A steward is an employee--in Jesus' day a servant, or even a bond-servant--who is responsible to his employer (or master) for whatever his master has entrusted to him. 

My answer may be simplistic, but sometimes even the most profound concepts can be laid out in terms that even a child can understand. (Does my assertion remind you of someone who spoke of the necessity of becoming as a child to enter the kingdom of heaven? Could it have been--oh, I don't know . . . Jesus?) 

THREE. God then "fashioned into a woman the rib which He had taken from the man and brought her to man" (2:22). Just as God had fashioned, for example, a male and female sheep, so also He fashioned a human female counterpart to the human male. God made something different, not identical, out of Adam's rib! Part of that difference was a major "tweaking" of the human genetic code. Subsequently, the man and woman would procreate "after their kind." 

After all, Jesus was not only the divine Son of God, but he was also the Son of Man: fully divine and fully human . Where the one nature left off and the other began, we will likely never know. Scripture tells us, however, that he willingly subjected himself to his Father's will, whose will included not only the humiliation and self-emptying Paul addresses in Philippians chapter 2, but also his being tempted in all points as we Christians are, yet apart from sin (Hebrews 4:15).