This math is pretty straightforward. At the moment I write this, Jon has 606,882 rep and #2 has 463,940 - a gap of about 150,000 rep. He gets 200-400 rep a day, the rep cap plus accepts. (Other answers have said 10K a month, which is roughly 300 a day.) Assume, for the fastest possible catchup: The number of days till catchup will be 150,000 / 200 (the rep delta as #2 gains) which is 750 days, or about two years. Minimum. In practice it would be longer, but not centuries. For example if #2 got an average of 100 over the rep cap (or 100 over Jon if you want to imagine him still getting accepts) then it would take four years instead of two. The only thing that would make it take less time is if Jon stopped hitting the rep cap and started earning less than 200 rep/day. With almost 30,000 posts I think that's impossible. Perhaps specifically for editing, which requires less domain knowledge than say determining whether something is a duplicate or not, we could qualify using shadow-rep - some fraction of our [total, highest, average] rep on [all other, our top ten, our top] sister site. I have over 10k on programmers, on meta and on SO. I can probably approve edits correctly on any site at all, as long as it is in English. I can certainly correctly decide whether to approve/reject or skip a proposed edit. I say that after -100 or maybe -300 instead of banning the user (is that what you mean by sin bin?) I say that all actions they take should be more closely moderated. Of course, this requires more moderators but still. This idea is in place for a lot of forums. But, that being said, if people with one rep could comment then that would mean anonymous first time users could. This is not good. Along with the extra spam and offensive/offtopic comments, new people may start seeing this as more of a discussion site with Q&A being the topic. This is definitely not wanted. The focus of SO should be questions and answers. Comments should only be there to get clarification on a question or answer. (or to add humor sometimes, or just plain make an offside comment). 

And also more importantly, if I had been able to comment then I would have ended up giving a lot of answers as comments rather than answers. I still do this sometimes.. Maybe while in beta we should also relax the reputation restrictions. For instance: Then, during the public beta for every 30 days it ramps up closer to normal by say 50% closer to normal. And when the public beta is over, then it should basically be back to the normal amount. This would fix the bad problem of "how am I going to ever get 3k so I can start closing inappropriate questions!?" when the site has only been like for 2 weeks 

I say it'd be safe to make the rep requirement as little as 10 or 5 or something, but letting anonymous new users comment immediately is bad because there are still way too many new people that think of this as some "biig aws0m3 m0d 0f phpbb" 

I originally thought this too, and I did have trouble getting my first 50 rep. (basically I browsed things for a week before I answered enough questions/asked enough to get 50 rep.) 

Any reputation from suggested edits on any of these automatically deleted questions (and the answers under them) has been removed. 

Apparently 29,172 closed, abandoned posts were deleted. While the system and features of each site are the same, each community is different. They develop their own quality standards and their own expectations, and it doesn't make sense for reputation to carry over across all sites. You are making points against yourself in your argument for the feature. That reason, right there, is exactly why this is a bad idea. Just because you are skilled and knowledgeable in one field and community doesn't mean you know what you're doing in another. 

The system already gives you a small reputation boost up to at least 101, so long as you have at least 200 reputation on any other site in the network. That lets you get the two most basic features: upvoting and commenting. Privileges past that become highly dependent on the community in which you're participating, and it's dangerous to let just anyone out of the blue show up in a community and start editing or voting to close things when they've never participated there before. 

There was an issue with the automatic deletion of questions not actually deleting the questions, and it appears that the process just finally ran and a lot of questions just got automatically deleted by Community.