I am beginning to work through After Finitude and am finding it difficult to grasp exactly what his critique consists in; it feels like there is a considerable degree of finesse here. I am basically trying to establish a concise statement of his criticism, including some help putting correlationism in context. 

We have to learn all of this; and our teachers have to be patient with us as we learn. We are gradually 'subjectivized' into ever more complex and abstract rule-dominated processes. They are linked strongly to judicial as well as disciplinary institutions. 

As far as critical interpretations, note that Slavoj Zizek talks about this movie a bit here and there. 

the fraction of human-level civilizations that reach a posthuman stage is very close to zero; the fraction of posthuman civilizations that are interested in running ancestor-simulations is very close to zero; or the fraction of all people with our kind of experiences that are living in a simulation is very close to one Ockham's Razor would initially indeed seem to suggest that the simulation hypothesis 'requires less assumptions'; however given the degree of unknowability here it would seem as difficult to assert this unqualifiedly as it is to imagine a scientific experiment which could validate the principle. In my opinion it's at least apparently unfalsifiable, though as I have suggested above, hypothetically we might run into certain limits imposed by the simulator on the simulation. 

So now Kant moves to Book II, the Analytic of Principles. The purpose now is to explain just how the pure concepts of the understanding are applied to or provide rules for determining appearances, for so far he has only described the necessity that they refer to sensuous objects by way of the transcendental unity of original apperception, the bare fact of consciousness. Judgement is the faculty tasked with "distinguishing whether something falls under a given rule or not." Transcendental logic can assist here by pointing out "the case to which each rule is to be applied."(B175, A136) So the first chapter of Book II "will treat of the sensible condition under which alone pure concepts of the understanding can be used, that is, of the schematism of pure understanding."(B175, A136) Still following? To recap, given that we possess pure, a priori concepts that necessarily and strictly refer to sensible objects, how does a non-empirical and non-sensible thing like a pure concept interact with a sensible object? 

Following emergence, new properties appear at some level which cannot be deduced from the lower level and the arrangement of parts. This supposes some form of holism, since only the whole system has the property, yet the system could be separable with regards to its lower level properties. Typical (but controversial) examples could be biological and psychological concepts. One cannot necessarily say something is a gene from its molecular structure alone, because it could depend on the cellular context (respectively, a psychological character and a social context). Being a gene is emergent. Yet the gene could be separable into parts at the chemical level. 

Perhaps the closest to an insincerity objection I can think of is the charge that Quine claimed that even logic is revisable, and was at the same time among the most conservative about first order logic against alternative logics. I heard this objection quite often informally. It amounts to suggest that Quine was not really sincere when he said that he thought logic to be revisable. However Quine argued that logic is so central to our conceptual schemes that the evidence needed to revise it would be tremendous, so again, all this merely shows that being willing to revise a belief if an alternative turns out to be better (however unlikely the prospects) is different from being sceptical outright, and that it is not even incompatible with holding the belief very firmly (if the prospects of revision are very unlikely).