Currently, the company only has skateboard wheels in production. However, I recently saw the owners give a presentation where they demoed larger wheels for strollers, wagons, etc. I can't help but wonder how long until someone rigs something like this onto a bicycle hub and rides it. Edit: These are the hubs I was originally asking about, manufactured by enve. They have a full carbon shell and flange. The flange is not drilled, the holes are molded as such. The stated benefits are that the wheel has, or can have, a thin tire with low rolling resistance but it grips like a fatter tire because of the way in which it travels over the ground, constantly changing velocity. If it is the airflow over deep section wheel hoops thats "wooshing", does that mean a less turbulent airflow, i.e. that of the 303's vs an alloy hoop, can and does generate more noise than a less aerodynamic wheel with more turbulent airflow? Last time I was riding them, I noticed a "wooshing" sound when cornering hard and certain times while just riding fast. Since I've never heard this on any other bike I've ridden except the one with the 303's, I've attributed the sound to the wheels. I recently found a product that is a redesign of the common wheel. It's branded as the 'shark wheel'. It's basically a wheel where the rim is circular but bends like a sine wave. Simple idea but very interesting. Recently I got a pair of really nice mid section wheels (Zipp 303 firecrest disc). Below is a picture of one of the wheels. My question is can this design be applied to a bicycle wheel, and, if so, would it be more performant is certain cases, e.g. off road? I normally ride regular 700c alloy wheels around town and for sport. Not deep section in any way. They're great, no noise or complaints. I'm beginning to see manufactures making carbon hubs and am wondering if they have the potential to perform better than conventional metal hubs or if they are just a way to save a couple of grams of weight, possibly at the expense of performance. I've also heard this noise when being approached from behind by a rider who is passing quickly, much to my chagrin. Often they are riding a nice bike with a pair of deep section carbon wheels. You need a 700c (29", ISO 622) rim with a 135 mm OLD hub (a mountain hub spacing) and mounting for discs (your existing rotors are centerlock, so unless you want to use a different rotor or adapter, you should get a hub with that). Width compatibility is another thing to look for -- very wide tire on very narrow rim and vice versa are not good combinations. The freehub should be compatible with your cassette. I'd suggest buying complete wheels (or getting a wheel made by a competent wheelbuilder, who should work with you on selecting appropriate rim+hubs+spokes for your needs). Note that you need disc brake hubs on a CAAD10 disc, and your rotors have to be compatible with the hub (or you have to use an adapter). If you want a quality product, look at something like Pitlock skewers which are pretty difficult to grab onto, and can also be installed for things like seatposts and stuff (Pitlocks have been around for years and are generally well regarded). However, some bikes are designed for running rear hubs in the front (Surly Moonlander/Pugsley, for example). Note that even if it is intended to be used with rim brakes, it may not provide as good braking as a rim with brake tracks and you may want to clean the braking surface more often. Provided the wheel fits into the bike and you can use the brakes, it'll be fine to use.