Ms May was speaking after European Union leaders on Saturday unanimously approved tough guidelines for negotiations on Brexit In Theresa May called a general election to bury Tory expenses investigation, says Dennis Skinner MP: We condemn any and all persecution and call on the authorities to promptly investigate and ensure that the perpetrators of human rights abuses are brought to justice. India India was granted dominion status because organisations arranged talks with the then Viceroy of India which then formulated into the Indian Independence Act 1947 to grant said status: Britain still needs trade, soldiers, and resources from its colonies and India was no exception, they played a huge part in the Textile Revolution and if they weren't going out without a fight, From Britain's perspective I'm sure they wouldn't need to be absolved all allegiance. They have also asked private sector landlords, owners etc.. to check their own buildings and have provided a testing facility to do so. TLDR; They have taken various steps, but the most important one is that they have set up an advisory panel whose aim is to focus on future fire and building safety legislation, consider immediate action, consider any changes to any current regulation in regards to materials and safety checks on buildings with cladding similar to Grenfell Tower. Would a DUP-Conservative alliance breach the Good Friday Agreement? if so, how? In both cases the political party makes a proposal, and it is valored by the voters at election day. The fact that the individual political parties exist as separate organizations is not relevant to the democratic aspect of it. Sometimes the supporters of the parties outside the agreement decry it as "undemocratic", but you can see that democracy was not affected at all. In the end, the habitual reaction to it is for the other parties that are similar enough to make another common effort. There is always some risk of violence in these situations, but I would not expect it to be a direct, short-term consequence of a DUP-Conservative coalition. The UK Government may effectively end supporting the position of the DUP to avoid losing their support in London, effectively ceasing to be a mediator to become a part. A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. May declaration means that she is planning to negotiate that EU citizens residing in the UK will keep its residence/work rights if the EU also keeps the residence/work rights of UK residents in the EU. But that she wants such a deal to include only EU citizens living the UK before article 50 is triggered, and not those that arrive later. 1 As happened with serfs. We already have a question about why MPs are required to comply with party whips in general. But I would like to know why is an MP required to comply with a Three Line Whip in particular. So it seems public opinion has changed in a positive way for Jeremy Corbyn since the snap election announcement, as for the first time he has overtaken Theresa May. and reports of concentration camps for homosexuals in Chechnya. But is George Osborne actually breaking any official form of conduct by accepting the role? Are there rules against MPs accepting roles outside of their own as an MP? Theresa May has clearly stated that she would prefer a no deal with the EU on Brexit over a bad deal for Britain: Would a DUP-Conservative alliance breach the Good Friday Agreement? if so, how? From the UK government's perspective, what would constitute a bad deal on Brexit? Note: Not all bills will have a corresponding name to the Act, this is just a generalized form of linking both the Bill to the Act. What are the long term benefits of such a policy? I've learnt not to look into national debt as an isolated topic, instead should be looking at the ratio of Debt to GDP, which provided by @JBentley "went from around 71% to 84%, which puts things into perspective". How many young voters are eligible to vote in the snap general election on June 8th called by Theresa May (if it goes ahead) since the last general election on 7th May, 2015? (or closest date possible) A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. Additionally, the evidence of the need to avoid splitting votes is an internal factor in helping that existing parties and alliances do not break due to personal or poltical tensions; although, as there is no defined standard as how "homogeneous" a political party may be, that is hard to quantify. 1 There are currently two new parties in the political scene, and one of them has already presented joint candidates with other party. May declaration means that she is planning to negotiate that EU citizens residing in the UK will keep its residence/work rights if the EU also keeps the residence/work rights of UK residents in the EU. But that she wants such a deal to include only EU citizens living the UK before article 50 is triggered, and not those that arrive later. 1 As happened with serfs.