Robinson gave an example similar to the OP's:"God has all the virtues. Therefore, God is benevolent". On the traditional account the argument begs the question by assuming its conclusion. But as long as the premise is "acceptable to the person to whom the argument was directed" it is contextually valid nonetheless. The objection is "outside" the argument. On the other hand, if the purpose of a debate is a "search for truth" then the strictures of the elenchus may not apply, as Robinson himself argued. This may reflect a pragmatic pact among the participants to keep their assumptions open to external evidence. For instance, Rips in Argumentative Thinking describes an approach of Hahn, Harris, and Corner: The dominance of first order logic is based on technical results of Skolem and Gödel, rather than on philosophical arguments. Skolem proved that first order logic has nice model theory, Gödel proved that it is recursively axiomatizable and hence has a nice proof theory (unlike higher order logics), and compact (unlike infinitary logics). At the same time, first order Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory (made first order by Skolem, who modified Zermelo's comprehension axiom accordingly) proved to be more than sufficient not only for all of classical mathematics, but even for higher set theory and model theory. On the other hand, higher order set theories, like Russell's, proved to be unwieldy. In the end, Russell had to introduce the infamous "axiom of reducibility" which effectively reduces the logic of his set theory to first order. But it falls into a broad group of fallacies known as ad hominem, literally "to the man", which attack traits of opponents instead of addressing their arguments. These traits are not restricted to a group an individual belongs to, and often include character traits and behavior. A subclass referred to as ad feminam, "to the woman", is in use since 1963, and is directed against arguments made by women. Logicians distinguish two kinds of bad arguments, unsound and invalid, see IEP's Validity and Soundness. A fallacy is a flaw in logic that makes an argument invalid. Unsound arguments, on the other hand, may well be logically valid, but argue from false premises. Hermaphroditism is negligible compared to these numbers. See the Wikipedia entry, for example. Now, back to your question: knowing that you don't know something is, of course, not a reason to say that something is false, or true, or unknowable. But when you're trying to come up with a compact predictive framework to describe observations, the theory that lets you best deal with those things you can know, and lets you adequately work around that which you don't (or can't--even if you don't know whether it's "don't" or "can't"), is the superior theory. Once that theory is shown to agree with many observations over long periods of time and under a wide range of conditions, it is pragmatic to accept that theory as true in the scientific sense (i.e. in the sense that it is "true" that you cannot fly by flapping your arms). you do not appear to really be understanding the issues involved--speciation at various levels, drift, the distinction between abiogenesis and evolution, etc. etc. etc.. There is a huge gulf between explaining the first cell and everything just being "maintenance", for instance. I'm not sure that better structured philosophical treatises are what's going to help you here as opposed to a much deeper understanding of the history of life on earth and the physical processes that underlie life and evolution. Planet Earth: Cosmology, Geology, and the Evolution of Life and Environment by Cesare Emiliani is a decent starting point. (If you read various books by Dawkins carefully, you can get a lot of the same material, but it's not very efficient or complete.) Without approximately that much background, I'm not sure it's possible to even understand why Dawkins, for instance, seems to think there are not any gaps for God to hide in any more. I had struggled before how to best get the point across that semilattices are different from lattices, and that turning every semilattice into a lattice by "adjoining" the "missing" elements doesn't make live easier. I'm still working on a theory that has a generalized implication operation in addition to meet and join, that allows to "rescue" the original semilattice structure, even if it has been compromised by adding "unnecessary" elements. Both infinity and undefined operations have much more mundane applications where they make life significantly easier. If we adjoin the points at infinity to an affine space, we get a projective space with much nicer properties than the corresponding affine space. But if we adjoin infinity to the possible values of a norm, we don't really do ourself a favor. If we instead allow a norm to be only partially defined, we seem to really get something nice in return, similar to the projective spaces, but of course different. The poorest current "loser" from the fear against partially (un)defined operations are probably inverse semigroups, and semilattices are a special case of inverse semigroups (i.e. idempotent and commutative). Hermaphroditism is negligible compared to these numbers. Now, back to your question: knowing that you don't know something is, of course, not a reason to say that something is false, or true, or unknowable. But when you're trying to come up with a compact predictive framework to describe observations, the theory that lets you best deal with those things you can know, and lets you adequately work around that which you don't (or can't--even if you don't know whether it's "don't" or "can't"), is the superior theory. Once that theory is shown to agree with many observations over long periods of time and under a wide range of conditions, it is pragmatic to accept that theory as true in the scientific sense (i.e. in the sense that it is "true" that you cannot fly by flapping your arms). you do not appear to really be understanding the issues involved--speciation at various levels, drift, the distinction between abiogenesis and evolution, etc. etc. etc.. There is a huge gulf between explaining the first cell and everything just being "maintenance", for instance. I'm not sure that better structured philosophical treatises are what's going to help you here as opposed to a much deeper understanding of the history of life on earth and the physical processes that underlie life and evolution. Planet Earth: Cosmology, Geology, and the Evolution of Life and Environment by Cesare Emiliani is a decent starting point. (If you read various books by Dawkins carefully, you can get a lot of the same material, but it's not very efficient or complete.) Without approximately that much background, I'm not sure it's possible to even understand why Dawkins, for instance, seems to think there are not any gaps for God to hide in any more.