Of course, best way to understand Qur'an is to understand Qur'an Arabic. Nouman Ali Khan argues in his speech titled Brilliance Of The Book that there are 3 types of Arabic; 

Cloning is a new issue, and it is still being discussed. I am going to answer with what I concluded by reading couple of different views on the subject. As far as I can tell, There are 3 main areas of discussion about this issue; 

What I do sometimes is to read some ayahs word by word and check meaning of some words in the dictionary I mentioned above. 

Adding to other answers, although it doesn't discuss specifically the concept of trinity, Surat Al-'Ikhlāş denies trinity by the means of it's implications. Allah (c.c) says: Also, check out Near Synonyms and this audio library. So my suggestion is, first read one or two tafseers. After reading tafseers, I would argue reading translations become safe, because you now know that what is going on. If you want understand in Arabic while you are reading it, you can learn fus-ha and have a good dictionary under your hand. Sadly, violence happens even in generally peace-loving countries like the USA (e.g. the US Gun Violence Archive). There are surely many complex and evolving factors in play here. (See e.g. The Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism, Library of Congress, which includes terrorism motivated by religions, including Islam.) But it should be pretty clear that Muslims want terrorism stopped: 

Islam, which is a religion of peace and tolerance, condemns this act and sees this is as a wounding scar on the face of humanity. -- Shaikh Muhammad Yusuf Islahi in response to the September 11 attacks (and many other scholars, Islamic Statements Against Terrorism) 

There's some scientific misconceptions here: 

which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here. Pattens have be found in e.g.: 

This link is contested. Terrorism is incompatible with the teachings of Islam (as described below), so the "link" between Islam and terrorism is considered false. Someone who commits e.g. murder (one of the worst possible sins) is acting directly against the Qur'an, e.g.: War and Peace, and the lyrics to Ice Ice Baby (see John Safran vs. God, episode 7) 

In simple terms, the word "galaxy" has nothing to do with day and night. The word "orbit" has comparatively little to do with day and night. What's relevant is "spin" and what we see is consistent with the referenced ayah. It's also worth noting an example of how these findings are fudged to fit the pattern the author is seeking: I recognize that there's words to the effect of "Muhammad is the messenger of God" throughout the Qur'an, but I'm wondering if this exact phrasing occurs. 

This appears to be what Wikipedia is alluding to when it says: People are more likely to believe these patterns are meaningful in books with more mysticism surrounding them. 

The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) But I'm more interested in if the Arabic in Qur'an 79:30 implies "egg-shaped", like the translations above state. In this sense, there is a connecting element, or "link" between Islam and terrorism. Reporters are doing their job as best they can, which involves reporting what they see. They don't exactly go to Afghanistan to report on e.g. Afghan cuisine and hospitality. Say, "Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him, and to parents, good treatment, and do not kill your children out of poverty; We will provide for you and them. And do not approach immoralities - what is apparent of them and what is concealed. And do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed] except by [legal] right. This has He instructed you that you may use reason." -- Qur'an 6:151 Adding to other answers, although it doesn't discuss specifically the concept of trinity, Surat Al-'Ikhlāş denies trinity by the means of it's implications. Allah (c.c) says: Spoken Arabic: Dialectical Arabic. People from different Arabic speaking nations have their own version of spoken Arabic. Spoken Arabic can be quite different from region to region that parties may not understand each other. Proper Arabic: Newspaper and television Arabic. Arabic term for that is fus-ha. This is also called modern standard Arabic. Proper Arabic can be argued to be correct Arabic. Ancient Arabic: Far more sophisticated, advanced, complex, intrigued and involved than proper Arabic. Understanding of Proper Arabic doesn't still mean the understanding of Ancient Arabic. The subtleties that ancient Arabs can hear and understand what is going on is no longer present today. So an avarage Arab doesn't hear what Arab of 1400 years ago heard. So, best way to understand Qur'an would be to learn ancient Arabic. However, learning it requires serious effort (years of study), and not practical for average person. That is where tafseer becomes neccessary. A tafseer is a work of an Islam scholar, that explains each ayah in its context of relevation, using hadith and also demonstrating the relationship between different ayahs. 

What I do sometimes is to read some ayahs word by word and check meaning of some words in the dictionary I mentioned above. 

Also, check out Near Synonyms and this audio library. 

So my suggestion is, first read one or two tafseers. After reading tafseers, I would argue reading translations become safe, because you now know that what is going on. If you want understand in Arabic while you are reading it, you can learn fus-ha and have a good dictionary under your hand.