Interesting question. I don't have any books or references for you - apart from general pointers to Lacans Mirror; and Buddist dependent co-arising. 

In a way, they no longer considered the question of a Descartian divide, a fruitful question; thus they bracketed out this question, and their ontological reduction, returned them into the world, so they were being-in-the-world; and actually looking at it, as it stands before them in it's teeming midst. 

But I take it that this is not what the question is about; that it's about whether Mr Jones experiences the colour red as red, but Mrs Jones experiences it as blue; that is we concieve the mind as in Dennets phrase as a private Cartesian theatre. 

corollary: hearing voices as in forms of psychosis is a loosening or weakening of this mechanism; the mirroring dialectic without an external voice to condition it; the voice of the Mother, the voice of compassion; that is the voice of the world. Solitary confinement, as a form of punishment, is exactly this. 

Again I'm not sure what you are asking an explanation of. 

The visual spectrum, for human beings, occupies only a very small section of the full electro-magnetic spectrum. 

In Hegel; the world is the progression of the world-Geist from non-being and being; which in a sense are the same; thus human beings are an expression of the Geist. 

But then what does he mean by this? If Nature 'resists' our laws forcing us to 'discard' them; then it appears he is describing the scientific laws - those of chemistry or physics, say. Surely he cannot mean the laws grounding experience - those of space, time, causality & quantity? 

Our sources are somewhat unclear as to exactly which kinds of materials he took to be involved in the composition of soul. It is very probable, though, that in addition to some relatively familiar materials — such as fire-like and wind-like stuffs, or rather the atoms making up such stuffs — the soul, on Epicurus' view, also includes, in fact as a key ingredient, atoms of a nameless kind of substance, which is responsible for sense-perception. 

Corollary: Visual hallucinations are a loosening of this mirroring; the world, that is nature, our second womb, becomes alien & strange; it withdraws; or is forced to withdraw - again the regime of punishment that is solitary confinement. 

But in the intuitive mind the principles are found in common use; and are before the eyes of everybody. One only has to look, and no effort is neccessary; it is only a question of good eyesight. But it must be good, for the principles are so subtle and so numerous that it is almost impossible that some should escape notice. 

A monad is a concept in category theory - a theory in mathematics; it's named as such because it's a simple concept - being derived from the notion of a monoid - the most (usefully) simplest possible algebraic device. 

One refreshingly new angle in Conway and Kochens argument, is that they take freewill seriously enough to see what can be said, because of it, about the physical world. 

Deleuze also said that concepts are not ideas, that is not Platonic ideas which live in a Platonic world. Since Deleuze rejects the transcendental he must also rejects Platonic heaven. 

Liebniz Mill Argument in the Monadology is to demonstrate that a mechanical explanation cannot possibly explain perception or consciousness as the SEP notes; the opening paragraph of section 17 goes: 

He considers this as not fact, as such; or beyond contesting; he introduces the possibility that chance plays a part during the life of natural kinds; and not at the beginning: 

This, allows the possibility, that there are more possible colour qualia possible. 

Note: there are theories of violence; for example the doctrine of just war; or in Weber, violence is a monopoly of the state - domestic (police) and foreign (army). 

These works present what might be called a hermeneutics of punctuated equilibria.The shift to writing is the crisis giving rise to the Platonic tradition. The well-known aversion to representational media in Plato or "logocentrism" as described by Derrida are analyzed through the actual recorded shift from voice to text.These scholars are aware of Derrida, but somewhat antithetical to his thesis, without really engaging at the same level. 

So I would argue that, yes, if this physicalist model appears glaringly obvious to you, you are missing something. Something called philosophy, for lack of a better word. 

Note that there is so much on "the other" that I'd actually prefer some orientation based more traditionally on "other minds," if that makes sense. Or on "mind" as discontinuous. Though I listed specific questions, I don't expect direct answers, just direction. 

I have always vaguely taken the "Other" to emerge post-Kant, in perhaps Hegel's Phenomenology, evolving onward though Lacan, Levinas, (neither of whom have I read), and many others, becoming a standard term with many variants.