If so, the step with the Universal Generalization, deriving ∀xFx from Fx, is wrong. For a discussion, see Drinker paradox. This does not contradict Excluded Middle. You are trying to prove: ∃x (Fx → ∀x Fx) and your derivation starts with the assumption Fx. It is easily generalized to the relation of logical consequence between a set Γ of first-order formulas and a formula φ, in symbols : This is what happens in classical and intuitionsitic logic when we assume as true a contradiction. ff F is 1-consistent [or other condition, strictly "stronger" than consistency], then F ⊬ ¬G. Up to now, we have only a "syntactical" result, about provability in a (suitable) formal system. There is no "deep" reason : mainly tradition, and a "reasonable" trade-off between savings (minimality) and readibility (to express p ∧ q as ¬(p ⇒ ¬q) is not so "natural". Conclusion : it is not a question of "seeing the truth of ...". We have a strict mathematical proof of a conditional : NO, because validity for predicate logic means true in all interpretations, and thus we have to take into account also interpretations with infinite domains, like the set N of natural numbers. What is the "link" between the two uses of completeness ? Also in this case there is a completeness theorem : if A is a tautology, we can find a proof of it in the "usual" proof systems, like Natural Deduction. Thus, every non-trivial axiom system that is finitely axiomatized can be formulated in an equivalent form with a single axiom. If we have an axiom system with a finite number of axioms, we can always reduce them to only one, replacing the set of original axioms with their conjunction. For example, from P ∨ ¬P we can produce the valid formulae : Every tautology of propositional logic, like P ∨ ¬P, can produce an unlimited supply of valid predicate logic formulae through uniform substitution, i.e. by replacing every occurrence of a propositional letter by an atom of predicate logic language. Being φ true in the "intended model" of arithmetic (the "usual" numbers) we conclude that it is not true in some other model [see Francis Davey's comment]: there are non-standard model of arithmetic. Conclusion: contradictions are never true. In this case the locution "is better than nothing" must be understood in "adjectival" way, like "is acceptable" or "is tolerable". You are mixing two use of completeness. The unprovable statement is built-up in such a way that : Before Bertrand Russell (Harvard logic course: 1914) and Ludwig Wittgenstein (Russell and Wittgenstein's manuscript dated 1912; see also: Tractatus (1921), 4.31 and 4.442 for material implication), Charles Sanders Peirce and his followers must be credited. "Belief" is a modality; thus, you are right in saying that "do not believe P" is not equivalent to "to believe not-P".