M. COULONDRE, French Ambassador in Berlin, to M. GEORGES BONNET, Minister for Foreign Affairs. Berlin, May 7, 1939. I TAKE the liberty of drawing the especial attention of Your Excellency to the information contained in the enclosed report, our informant being in a particularly good position to know the intentions of the F端hrer and of his principal lieutenants. His new declarations may be summed up as follows: (1) M. Beck's speech will in no way alter the situation. The F端hrer is determined to secure the return of Danzig to Germany, as well as the reunion of East Prussia to the Reich. (2) The F端hrer is patient and cautious, and will not tackle the question in a direct way, for he knows that in future France and Britain would not give way, and that the coalition which he would have to confront would be too strong. He will go on manoeuvring until his time comes. (3) The F端hrer will come to an understanding to this effect with Russia. The day will come when he attains his aims by these means, without the Allies "having any reason, or even any intention, to intervene." It may be that we shall witness a fourth partition of Poland. In any case, "we shall soon see that something is brewing in the East." (4) The equivocal attitude of Japan has contributed to Herr Hitler's orientation towards the U.S.S.R. (5) When the Polish question has once been settled, and Germany's military supremacy definitely assured, Germany will be in a position to come to a conference. ... In my opinion, he may hope to draw advantage from it in three different ways: (1) By arriving at a more or less tacit agreement with the U.S.S.R. which would assure him of the benevolent neutrality of that country in the event of a conflict, perhaps even of her complicity in a partition of Poland. (2) By bringing, through the mere threat of a better understanding with the U.S.S.R., pressure simultaneously to bear on Japan and on Poland, in order to induce the former to sign a military alliance, and the latter to agree to the concessions he is asking for. (3) By bringing the Western Powers, under the threat of collusion between Germany and Russia, to accept certain Soviet demands to which Poland and Rumania would be opposed, and thus to sow discord among the Allies. The Manhattan is attested to from William Schmidt's "The Flowing Bowl", published in 1891. In it, he details a drink containing: For a mission that far east of Pearl one must consider the entire sail back as being under battle conditions, potentially requiring not only a refuel upon approaching the target but 3, 4, or even 5 refuels on the way back, depending on how close to Pearl one dares venture. (Note that the great circle route from Panama to Tokyo goes right over Pearl.) Those tankers barely achieve 16 knots, so must be wandering around in the Eastern Pacific for a long time before and after the attack. To destroy this carrier force all that is necessary is to destroy one of the refueling flotillas. He also forced US citizens to sell their gold to the US, at a very good rate mind you. This had three effects. First, the US got more gold by forcing US citizens to sell to the government at a very good price. This wasn't the only way the US govt got gold, they got a lot from foreign investors. 

Hanford, right on the Columbia River which flows through my city of Portland, OR, is probably the largest non-commercial nuclear disaster in terms of cost and scale of environmental damage. Its a former top-secret nuclear processing facility for the US military. 

He backs up this argument with an analogy: if South Carolina rewrote its state constitution you'd still be a citizen of South Carolina, just under new rules. Just when the US carriers were spotted, the Japanese were busy recovering the first raid on Midway and preparing for the second. This was Midway's critical contribution. 

Looking at a map of the Pacific, it's hard to say how the Allies would bypass such a large Japanese base and maintain their supply lines while preparing for an invasion of Japan. It's also hard to say where they'd stage the troops, vehicles, supplies, and airfields for the invasion if not the Philippines; the Marianas alone would be insufficient for the 50 divisions expected. Formosa was proposed as an alternative, or addition. Either way, the Allies needed a large land base as close to Japan as possible for the invasion. Invading a place they knew well and had allies on the ground seems like a solid plan.