"Can you say that in planet earth philosophy only exists because human exists?": Yes - the problems of modern philosophy, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of mind, philosophy of science, political philosophy, etc..., are human specific. 

Has anyone held this position? 

How would a set of fundamental mental laws or dual substance laws be any different from physical laws? If an idealist reductionism is as atomistic as a physicist one, then how is it any different? Would it have to include intention and teleology? 

For possibility (2) one can start from James and Russell's neutral monism. From what I understand, Russell arrived at this position from the idea that relations are more fundamental than substance. 

I asked can it be applied to other sciences besides the biomedical domain and was told that the format of biomedical publications was much more amenable to such procedures than other fields. Presumably at some point text mining technology will be advanced enough to be able to do this for domains such as physics or mathematics, etc..... 

See among other things, Logical Positivism and why many considered it to have failed, Quine's Holism, non-overlapping magisteria, and Pragmatism (as Philip Klöcking ♦ said: Dewey and others). 

Finally, it may help to recall Bostrom's own conclusion: 

The first sort of thing we know about the teapot is owing to the logical constraint of inaccessibility: we know we can't know it, that any instance of learning associated with it must be causally disconnected from us and anything we can conceivably learn. It's absolutely external to our configuration space; there isn't a straight pathway through the world to such a teapot. But what does this mean? 

A rational explanation appeals to our critical faculties -- it does not attempt to appeal to our passions or weaknesses. Rationality involves the justification of beliefs; a rational explanation precisely gives reasons for a conviction, and these reasons are validly correlated with the inferences the argument wishes us to draw. An irrational or unreasonable argument is marked by various misalignments between the premises and the conclusions; some of these are so commonly exploited that they are classified as traditional logical fallacies. 

But perhaps the opposite is true as well, at least once we detach the ought from axiomatic moral judgment; maybe this could be explored in terms of Hume's empiricism and the inseparable gulf between an is and an ought. This can also perhaps be read alongside Nietzsche's doubts about ways of life that denounce existence in favor of something else. In other words: there is also an ethical relation of obligation that is independent of moral axioms and the logic of judgment and punishment; a positive order of joy and levity, characterized by an empirical investigation into ways of living, thinking and feeling -- this is ethics in the classical sense as an art of living.