At the same time, names were more fluid on a regional level, where some incorporated the originally-derisive Democratic as a prefix. This wasn't a new development: local organisations of the party seemed to have been doing that since as early as 1798. The resulting name, the Democratic-Republican Party, was rare during the early 1800s but gained ground after 1824. Notably, it became the chief self-identification of Jacksonian supporters in Pennsylvania during 1824. And the answer is, they simply didn't have that much in common. The native Sinhalese majority of Ceylon is primarily Theravada Bhuddists who speak an Indo-Aryan language. The Company's Madras Presidency on the other side of the Palk Strait, in contrast, was primarily populated by Dravidian speaking Hindus. 

Your friend is not wrong. The downfall and execution of Maximilien de Robespierre is considered by many to be an end date for the French Revolution. 

For one thing, they both typically had concubines for mass producing direct heirs. - Ch'ien Mu, Kuo Shih Ta Kan, Hong Kong Commercial Press, 1995, page 49 

Nonetheless, realistically, public perceptions must have begun waking up to reality. This certainly happened by the time of the transition into Dominate, from the Crisis of the Third Century onwards. Unlike the previous era, Emperors abandoned the pretensions of republicanism. Diocletian's formal adoption of monarchical styles definitely could not have gone unnoticed. - Niles' Register, June 20 1835 However, on the local level, the Estates Provincial met regularly. French provinces under the Ancien Régime could be divided into two types based on the arcane constitution of Medieval France: the pays d'élections and the pays d'états. The latter had a right to regional assemblies consisted of representatives from the three Estates: the clergy, the nobility, and the commoners. Most survived till their suppression during the Revolution. Still others list the the official adoption of the Democratic Party name in 1844. However as far as I can tell there are no readily apparent evidence (e.g. cited resolution/proceedings) the back up these assertions. 

Note that I'm looking for the legal concept of freedom of religions being actually applied for Native American beliefs; not whether the concept should have applied. For example, the Mōri clan had the Two Mōri Kawas: the Kikkawa family and the Kobayakawa family. Both were renowned warrior families who were absorbed into the Mōri clan via being "inherited" by two junior sons of Mōri Motonari. 

Participation in "fighting" was thus declared a capital offence within Imagawa domains (though the code spared the perpetrators' families and made provisions to exempt minors). Similarly harsh laws became popular in the turbulent Sengoku period, with several other examples including the 1556 Yūki and 1597 Chōsokabe house codes. 

Reagan, Ronald. An American Life: The Autobiography. Simon and Schuster, 1990. All in all, absolutism did not really prevail in Europe until the Early Modern Period (even then, only briefly and to uncertain degrees). This viewpoint has had a lengthy pedigree. Robespierre's execution was where the great Jules Michelet concluded his foundational narrative of the French Revolution. Later prominent historians Arlbert Mathiez and Jean Jaurès, identified the Thermidorian Reaction as terminating the Revolution. [5] The powers of war and peace were supposed to be reserved to the King, who would issue orders for a vassal to attack. The king could delegate the power for a region to a trusted vassal, but this was normally done for remote locations because communications were difficult. The state of Zheng was right next doors to the Eastern Zhou. Having said that, you are not wrong either. Napoleon's coup in 1799 has also been identified as a end date for the Revolution. The main reason for picking this event is that it marked Napoleon's rise to power. He reversed many of the principles of the Revolution and eventually installed himself, de jure, as a monarch. Since the Revolution proclaimed equality and democracy, it could then be seen to have ended in a personal dictatorship under Napoleon. It therefore follows that his seizure of de facto power in the Coup of 18 Brumaire may be cited as the end of the Revolution itself. Despite what the other answer states (at the time of writing), these were not merely "groups of citizens got together and voted amongst themselves for things". Rather, they were fully legitimate constitutional government bodies of the Kingdom of France, and they dealt with the royal court in that capacity. 

- Gibbon, Edward. The history of the decline and fall of the Roman Empire. Vol. 6. J. & J. Harper, 1829. 

It is no secret that Joseph Stalin was not one to take kindly to disagreements. Milovan Đilas, a prominent Yugoslav communist, observed that even in his old age: Haddad, Mary Alice. Building democracy in Japan. Cambridge University Press, 2012. Schafferer, Christian, ed. Election Campaigning in East and Southeast Asia: Globalization of Political Marketing. Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2006. Hall, John Whitney. The Cambridge History of Japan. Cambridge University Press, 1991. 

It is a very small leap to go from Democratic Republican Party to simply Democratic Party, and the latter term also grew in popularity. This mirrors earlier developments at Pennsylvania, where the 1828 state convention was simply named the "Democratic Convention", for example. It is also around this time references to "the great Democratic Party of the Union" began to crop up.