Balancing "me" time with "kid" time is a skill many parents struggle with even when their kids are a lot older. The answer sort of hinges on what you do with your "me" time. For some people, me time is zoning out in front of a tv or reading a book. For others, me time is taking a hike. I have a friend whose husband's "me" time is going and playing soccer a couple of times a week. If there is something you really enjoy doing that requires a few hours a week, then talk with your spouse/partner about how you are going to schedule time to accommodate it once your baby arrives. That's right: schedule it. Maybe on Sunday afternoons he watches the baby while you go out. If your spouse is not supportive of you leaving the house for your "me" time or if your hobby is extremely time-consuming, then you might have to find a new activity. I have friends whose husbands are not comfortable watching their kids on their own. For most of us, I think our hobbies have been relegated to the post-kid bedtime hours. 

This seems like an excellent resource for you: 

CDC Developmental Milestones Chart (newborn through adolescence) Visual development An interesting aside to this that I believe was pointed out to us by our pediatric ophthalmologist is that children's peripheral vision isn't fully formed until they're 10 years old! Ten! Takes on a whole new meaning when your child is fully mobile and sprinting for a parking lot with an on-coming car! Aural development 

I tend to agree with Gruber on this one: "you" time will be minimal. Keep in mind that you're going to spend: 

Is she licensed (by your state/country/whatever)? What are her credentials as a midwife (licensed midwife, certified nurse midwife, certified professional midwife. Is she a member of any professional organizations)? How many years has she practiced? How many births has she attended as a midwife? Where does she do her prenatal visits? Home? Office? Birthing center? Does she have a consulting/backup obstetrician and who is it? What are her views regarding labor and birth? For example: How will she monitor mother and baby? How often will she monitor the baby? Can you labor in water? Can you birth in water? Does she consider herself hands-on or hands-off and will she work with you to establish a birth plan? What is her rate of prenatal transfer? Will she stay with you if you have to transfer while in labor? Will she attend the birth or does it depend who is on-call? How long does an appointment with her normally last? How many babies is she personally delivering per month? Is she certified in neonatal resuscitation? Does she carry oxygen to the birth? What happens if she has two patients in labor at the same time? Has she ever missed a birth? When will she come to you after you begin labor? How long does she wait to cut the cord after birth? What does she do if there is an emergency, such as a post-partum hemorrhage? What are her fees and what do they include? What is her payment schedule? What does she do if a mother goes past her due date? What if she is approaching 42 weeks? Why did she become a midwife? Does she participate in continuing education beyond what is required to maintain her license? What does she expect regarding self-care during pregnancy? What is her view on nutrition and weight gain during pregnancy? Has she ever had to resuscitate a baby? Will she help with breastfeeding? How does she feel about circumcision/immunization? How do I get my baby's birth certificate/social security card/whatever? How will my partner be included in my visits and during labor? Can my partner catch the baby? Does she have a lending library?/Can she recommend any books to read? How is she contacted? Do patients contact her via cell phone, pager, etc.? Does she have student midwives in her practice? Also, I think it's important that you and your wife be able to clearly and concisely discuss your own personal "birth plan" for lack of a better word. Some people want their midwife/doctor to be much more hands-on, and some people want their midwife/doctor to be more hands-off. One question I don't see on the list that I would want to know if I were hiring a midwife is Under what circumstances would she recommend a hospital birth rather than a homebirth? That way if, say, your baby is breech you won't be blind-sided when your midwife suddenly recommends a hospital birth. It can be very difficult emotionally when you have this idea of a birth plan that suddenly and unexpectedly gets changed due to circumstances beyond your control, so knowing her policies on high-risk pregnancies, emergency c-sections, and other unexpected events during pregnancy can lay the foundation for the "what-ifs". She can also be a great resource for parenting, Lamaze, and breastfeeding classes and support groups so don't forget to ask about that!