You can also incorporate other mixed media, such as adhesive-backed objects or things that need to be glued and taped on. These things won't necessarily help develop specific drawing skills, but they do aid with developing expression. They can also provide a fun canvas for drawings to be a part of. 

Here are some stills from the video, which illustrate the type of techniques I'm asking about: In my head, I was thinking of preparing some cutouts or molds ahead of time, so we only need to focus on the pasting of macaroni to the object and decorating it. I was also thinking of using something like Elmer's glue, but in a small dish we can "dip" the macaroni in to maybe contain the mess. 

These are examples that have happened within the last week, some of them today. 

Children often enjoy playing with vehicles! 

One of the best ways to engage someone in learning and exercise is by making it fun and interactive. It has had an amazing effect on our ability to communicate with him, and his ability to communicate with us. It has had an immediate functional value. I'm confident there are people out there with hands-on experience with what works and what doesn't work. 

However, I'd really like to know if there are other techniques out there. I did macaroni art in Kindergarten, but not since then. All I remember is I made Christmas ornaments, and we also spray-painted them. Crayons, in my opinion, are actually one of the hardest child-oriented mediums to use. The wax is hard, requiring firm pressure to make marks. The inclusion of this downward pressure can make it harder for the other muscles to stabilize the other motions of the arm. It also requires gripping the crayon in a somewhat upright position. I would also recommend pastels, Conté crayons, artist chalks, and possibly compressed charcoal (as opposed to willow or vine charcoal will likely be pulverized by their grip). I would remove the wrappers on these, if any, so that flat strokes are possible and upright grips aren't necessary. These media also provide rich strokes without much pressure, although they do make for messier hands. 

Early on drawing skills involve the development of fine and gross motor control to a larger extent than many later stages. But without this control, even an adult will have difficultly drawing. Supposing you're not ambidextrous, attempt drawing with your offhand! You'll see how important muscle control is. The most effective way for them to improve their strength and control is by giving them plenty of opportunity to practice. Rather than focusing on whether or not they're able to stay in the lines, you should focus on whether or not they're getting enough opportunities to develop. However, he's very afraid of them in person. He gets clingy, must be picked up, and holds us in a Death grip. 

My son also loves these things. We encourage his interest by teaching him the names of the vehicles, and what they do. We have several books about these types of vehicles. He has toys of these vehicles. Your child would be considered to be in the Scribbling Stage or Placement Stage. What's exciting is that you mentioned she's naming her scribbles now, such as calling one "monkey". Viktor Lowenfield, in the first citation above, says: "Soon they begin to name scribbles, an important milestone in development." 

This was particularly difficult when we had to take my son for his brother's ultrasound. I had to hold him for most of the time (while he squirmed), and then ended up having to leave to a waiting room once we found out his sibling was going to be a brother. However, most hospital rooms and doctor's offices have of a number of fascinating objects, screens, cables, and buttons that attract my son's interest more than any toy or screen we can bring with us. 

Then, sometime during their fourth year, children become more adept at staying within the lines. Paint is a great option for improving the drawing experience. While a child's pencil stroke is often "scribbly" or erratic, a paint stroke is generally smooth. While there could be philosophical arguments about whether it's good or bad for a child's creativity to have them work inside the constraints of lines, I believe that clouds the specific issue (and is a different question). Instead, we need to focus on whether or not it's a task the child is actually capable of. And here are things he'll say to us without any prompting: My son in just over two years old. 

I know that usually, there's plenty of time between when the early parts of labor start and the need to go to the hospital, but I would like to be prepared just in case. 

Suggestions on things to make are more than welcome, but please don't make them your entire answer. I'd really like help with the technique.