If the shirt pulling also breaks up or interferes with a promising attack, the player is cautioned for unsporting behaviour. 

The hands and arms of all players, including the goalkeepers, are not considered. 

In the 1978 World Cup, in a match between Sweden and Brazil, referee Clive Thomas signalled for the expiry of time from a Brazilian corner kick while the ball was in mid-flight, with the ball ending up in the net. The tournament's refereeing committee decided that this was a poor use of Thomas's discretionary powers relating to additional time, sending him home from the tournament. It is clear that in this case, Thomas would have been better using his discretion to either end the match before the corner kick was taken, or to find the extra couple of seconds required to see what the outcome of the kick was. 

The players other than the kicker and goalkeeper must be: 

Additional time is allowed for a penalty kick to be taken and completed at the end of each half of the match or extra time. When additional time is allowed, the penalty kick is completed when, after the kick has been taken, the ball stops moving, goes out of play, is played by any player (including the kicker) other than the defending goalkeeper, or the referee stops play for an offence by the kicker or the kicker’s team. If a defending team player (including the goalkeeper) commits an offence and the penalty is missed/saved, the penalty is retaken. 

The additional assistant referee must communicate to the referee when a goal has been scored. Traditionally (up until a few years ago), referees could only play advantage from fouls and misconduct (Law 12 offences) and infringements that occurred during the taking of penalty kicks (Law 14 infringements). 

Law 10.3, Determining the Outcome of a Match - Kicks From the Penalty Mark: The second offence is carelessly, recklessly, or excessive forcefully tackling or challenging an opponent. Law 12.1: 

Actually I don't see how the striker is doing anything wrong beside being offside A Team causing a Fixture to be terminated before its natural conclusion through a ‘Mass Walk-Off’ or refusal to allow play to continue shall be deemed to have committed serious misconduct against the Zone Association. As a result, the full points allocated for the Fixture shall be forfeited to their opponents and the scores shall be recorded as three (3) goals scored by the Team receiving the points to nil (0) by the Team which has infringed this Regulation. 

In all the above circumstances the player is sent off. 

This is contrast to offences which actively harm the opponents' ability to play should and hence should come under the guise of persistent infringement. Examples of this include repeatedly fouling opponents, encroaching at a penalty kick forcing a retake multiple times, consistently holding opponents at a corner kick before the ball is in play. 

For these offences, after the offender is either cautioned or sent off, the restart would be upgraded from an indirect free kick offence to a direct free kick offence as per Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct, Section 4 - Restart of Play After Fouls and Misconduct and Q6 & Q7 of Law 12 FAQ. 

If he does it again, do it again Law 14 - The Penalty Kick, Section 1 - Procedure states: When it appears that an attacker is going to play a ball and other attackers are close to being offside, the assistant referee will focus on the offside line and use their peripheral vision to judge when the ball is last played. A player is not in an offside position if level with the: IFAB Laws of the Game, 12.3 Disciplinary Action: 

If contact has occurred, it's just a regular carelessly / recklessly / excessively forcefully kicks an opponent offence, which results in a direct free-kick or penalty kick like most other fouls. 

Yes - the decision was at least correct by Law, and most likely fair as well. The referee is the sole arbiter of timekeeping, as shown in the following Laws. do not assume that the ball is always going to go out this will mean you are at the goal line more consistently, and ready to make close calls this also ensures that you are close enough to monitor the quick taking of a goal kick / corner kick if the ball is on the far side, step inside the field, in front of the corner flag to avoid it getting in your way Nij's answer states to look at the line rather than the ball. I think my process is to instead look at the outside edge of the line rather than the line itself. It's entirely possible for the ball to still be in play while on the ground, with none of the ball touching the line. Therefore, instead of looking for space, check to see if none of the ball is overhanging the outside edge of the line. If this doesn't happen, the ball must still be in. 

As described in this answer, if the challenge is careless, just the direct free kick is awarded; if reckless, the player concerned is also cautioned for unsporting behaviour. Finally, if there is excessive force, the player concerned is sent-off for serious foul play (assuming it was a challenge for the ball).