26 For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized. 27 And their children shall be baptized for the remission of their sins when eight years old, and receive the laying on of the hands. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_of_Wisdom#Beer 

See also this discussion from FAIR, a Mormon apologetics group. 

It is in D&C 68:25–27, a revelation Joseph Smith received in November 1831, that this doctrine is outlined with the age of eight years old specified: As for why this age in particular is the age of accountability, I don't think a specific justification is given in any Mormon scripture. But there is a discussion in Mormon scripture about why the baptism of young children in general is considered wrong. The reasoning is that young children cannot repent and do not need baptism. See, for instance, Moroni 8:9–12: 

http://en.fairmormon.org/Word_of_Wisdom/History_and_implementation A: He had neither manuscript nor book to read from. 

Early Leaders (pre-1900) As far as I know, there are no statements from early prophets and apostles about their interpretation of the phrase "mild drinks." Historians who do make inferences about their interpretation of the Word of Wisdom do so on the basis of their recorded behavior. Because early leaders of the church drank wine and beer moderately, some infer that they did not consider the moderate consumption of these beverages to be an infraction of the Word of Wisdom. For instance, see this quote from a BYU Master's thesis titled "An Historical Analysis of the Word of Wisdom" on page 26: 

I doubt the LDS Church has an official position on this, but have any church leaders or scholars ever commented on which of these seems most plausible? 

Some helpful links, in addition to the ones in this answer: 11 And their little children need no repentance, neither baptism. Behold, baptism is unto repentance to the fulfilling the commandments unto the remission of sins. 

Interestingly, there is also a scripture in the Doctrine and Covenants, D&C 84:28, that states that John the Baptist was ordained and baptized at the age of eight days old, on the same day he was circumcised: On the one hand, some point out that those who witnessed the translation process testified that no materials were used in the translation. For instance, in "The Last Testimony of Sister Emma," first published in the RLDS publication The Saints' Herald volume 26, number 19, Joseph Smith's wife gives the following in response to questions on the subject of the translation of the Book of Mormon: The short answer is that some church leaders and others have commented on this subject, with various points of view taken. 10 Behold I say unto you that this thing shall ye teach—repentance and baptism unto those who are accountable and capable of committing sin; yea, teach parents that they must repent and be baptized, and humble themselves as their little children, and they shall all be saved with their little children. 

Today The church's current enforcement of the Word of Wisdom clearly forbids drinking any alcoholic beverages, the moderate consumption of wine and beer included. But if you still want to quench your thirst for a mild barley-based beverage, you could grab one of these. However, Smith then goes on to offer his own opinion for the similarities (p. 429–430): 

Going back to the age of eight: In the Joseph Smith Translation for Genesis 17:11, a connection is made between circumcision at the age of eight days old and baptism at eight years old. In that verse, it states that circumcision was established to help those living at the time to understand that their children were not accountable to God before the age of eight: 

Q: Could he not have had, and you not know it? The idea that circumcision was performed when a child was eight days old is established in scripture that is not exclusive to the LDS Church, both in the Old Testament (Genesis 21:4, Genesis 17:12) and in the New Testament (Luke 2:21, Luke 1:59). 

The Book of Mormon contains many verses from the Bible, either repeated in whole or in part. For a believing Latter-day Saint, this could be the result of at least two separate processes: (1) these verses were revealed as-is to Joseph Smith, without any reference to a Bible, or (2) a Bible was used when writing these portions of the Book of Mormon, with alterations inspired as the verses were copied. 

A: If he had had anything of the kind he could not have concealed it from me. In addition, there are also some leaders and scholars who have stated that Joseph Smith's use the language of the KJV was a choice, while remaining somewhat more agnostic about the exact process behind how that wording was put in the translation. For instance, LDS scholar Hugh Nibley outlined his thoughts on this in response to a letter to the editor of the Church News in 1961 (reprinted in The Prophetic Book of Mormon, ed. John W. Welch, volume 8):