The big shift needs to happen in your brother's attitude. Right now, he thinks he "deserves" to have more than he has, everything that he wants. He must learn that he does not "deserve" toys and treats and games...he must earn them. (Or they might be gifts but the problem with gifts is that it is too easy to expect them as something you "deserve"). 

Initially, my husband was reluctant to take away his computer because he though our son's attitude toward us would become very negative. It was for a short while, but when he started "earning" computer time for good behavior, his attitude became very good. 

Let her work on her puzzle in the same room where you are reading a book. Find some TV that you can watch together. Read aloud to her, from a book that you enjoy. Or have her read to you, maybe while you are cooking. When you go shopping, take her with you. If you have a task that she can participate in, try to make her a part of it, if you can. 

Here's an idea. Have a timer and tell her "we're going to " after I get 2 hours with absolutely no interruptions." Each time she interrupts, you restart the timer (oopsy, darn, we need to start over). If that works you can gradually increase the time. Be sure she has something quiet (but engaging) to do while you work. 

A secondary benefit: no more "mommy mommy buy me this please mommy..." when we are at the store. I just ask them if they have enough gold pennies to buy what they want. If they do and they are willing to pay, they get what they want. No arguments. And no credit. If they want something and don't have enough to earn it, give them a task and say "as soon as you have enough earned I'll bring you back here and we'll buy it." Inevitably by the time they have enough, they've decided they want something else instead. 

My three year old does this sometimes, and it can be frustrating, especially when it's an issue of being late where you care and he doesn't (like going to preschool on time, say). Most of the issues can be traced to him wanting a sense of control, so our solutions focus around that when we can. 

That opens things up for her to argue with me (even if it's entirely true). By simply asserting my position as parent and making clear that I'm not some dad who goes to the park to read his email and ignore his kids, but pay careful attention to my children without helicoptering. She of course could argue anyway, and that's happened before, but that's less likely if you don't initiate the argument. 

Typically the person is asking because they feel sorry for the child and/or uncomfortable with the noise/tantrum/etc., not because they think you're a bad parent - though it's certainly gone that way once or twice. 

In my experience, what I've seen are interactions like the following. I have a three year old and a 20 month old. 

What good solutions are there to helping him cope with his choice? Is this even a good idea at this age (34 months)? Are there better ways to teach meaningful choices that are more effective at learning? Or is this just one of the many difficult things you have to do as good parents? 

One example of this is that when we go out for dessert, we let our almost-three year old choose to forgo dessert for a small toy (like a car) that is the same cost as the dessert we'd have bought him. This often works well, or at least without argument, when dessert is consumed at home or when the choice is made at the dessert place (where he often chooses the at-hand dessert). 

My inclination is to do what I can to encourage the kids to play at our place and insist my safety rules be followed even if she does visit the other's houses. When she is visiting elsewhere though, how do I politely (to the other parents, I don't really care about being polite on this front with my daughter) insist on things like checking in with me say - before lunchtime, at 2:30ish and before dinner or before switching houses as well as staying within view of my house - there is also a third friend they all like to go "visit." (both parents live within a few blocks from here, but are separated so the other kids go back and forth quite a bit - all houses in question are in view of each-other except the father's house.) 

Either way, Alice knew that when we did talk she needed to have an honest apology where she told me what she had done wrong (rather than the other way around) and had an idea about what she might do differently next time, or that she was coming to me because she was confused and honestly wanted to talk about how to make it better. Sometimes it takes an hour before she is ready to do this and sometimes 30 seconds. I have never set a timer for her because then instead of thinking about a solution to her behavior she's just thinking about when time will be up and she can leave her chair. 

It is really important that you not look or act worried though. Your offer has to be made calmly so the child can assess the damage. Usually, I try not to react until after she is already upset (because most of the time, she doesn't bother if I don't) It has worked pretty well for us.