That is start from the supposition that there is a universal set; and see what can be drawn from this? In Christian philosophy, say for example as elucidated in Leibnizs Monadology, the infinite substance he identifies as God. It is uncreated & eternal. To prove this is entirely beside the point, which Kant points out. It's a position taken up, in the same way one may say there is a void set. The reasoning here is axiomatic. To then ask - well what created that substance - contradicts that first assertion. It's a stepping outside of that framework. This is rather like reasoning with Set Theory but then deciding to change the meaning of the membership relationship. Plato, in the Timaeus which describes his cosmology has the Demiurge inject order into the formless void. Unlike the New Athiests he is at least lacks the hubris to have: To give some context to the proof, if I've followed it correctly: The book runs through a history of limits; and argues for a typology; limits of: My understanding of Gödels theorem is that it is completely formal (axioms+logical axioms+inference rules) and does not rely on any model-theoretic notion where truth is established ( a formal sentence being true iff every interpretation of it in every model is true). However the quote above says that a statement is true but not proveable. This means of course that one must know what a lock is, and what a key is for. But suppose we had someone who had never seen a lock before or key before. How would they react? Of course they may see that they have one object that has a hole in it and the other object is a stick like object. There is a general idea of putting a stick in a hole; but this is learnt behaviour too. So we judge what we are to do by reference with our past experience - this is called apperception in psychology (going back to at least Leibniz). But pure theory is all very well, after all non-euclidean geometry established itself with the success of General Relativity. Some applications I can point to would be: I'm not really sure that there is a question here;or if there is, I'm having trouble finding it; however: Of course, one can posit that there are epochs before the one we are now. For example in Indian Cosmology we are now in the Kala Yug. I suspect it will be (relatively) easy enough to modify the standard Big Bang Cosmology so that there previous epochs to the one we are now in - simply because we have no empirical access to that point in time. and the generalised Continuum Hypothesis, additionally says: Structuralism is a theoretical paradigm that emphasizes that elements of culture must be understood in terms of their relationship to a larger, overarching system or "structure." In other words, Structuralism posits that discrete cultural elements are not explanatory in and of themselves, but rather form part of a meaningful system and are best understood with respect to their location within (and relationship to) the structure as a whole.