There are many places will build you the exact type of 20" wheel that you need. We're not a shopping recommendation site but Lunacycle.com is a good first place to browse to get a sense of what options you might have. Rather than using whatever wheel you found, it's so much easier to just build-up the right 20" ebike wheel. That way you can get the right drop-out width, rim width, and add options for disc brakes or a freehub, if applicable. You'd start with the appropriate sized e-hub -- so a rear wheel (135mm dropout) ehub for the rear of a tadpole -- or 100mm for front wheel of a delta. This assumes your bike's dropouts or forks are designed for those widths. I have a similarly old 1975 Peugeot Mixte UO18. I replaced the back wheel with a 700C Dimension Road Rear Wheel with Shimano 2200 hub and put a SRAM PG950 9-speed Cassette (SR-PG950-34) on it. Buying a readymade built wheel was much cheaper than trying to reclaim the old hub. In the USA in 2017, shop labor is between US$40-80 an hour depending on location. This includes shop overhead such as rent and tool use. The shop may cut you a break depending on how much you are a regular. Note that if you give your shop a random hub and a random rim, it'll take some time to research what spoke length you'll need for the lacing you want. Spokes might also have to be special ordered and/or cut to length. This type of research and prep work would add onto the actual time spent building the wheel. Rear wheels take more time in general than front wheels because of the dish. Disc brakes will also take more time because of the dish or if you change the lacing on that side. ps. I do hope you bought it from a local bike shop rather than online. It's much harder to yell at people online, I've found. What is an asymmetric wheel and (given that we expect wheels to be symmetrical), why would one want an asymmetrical one? How is it related to dish? [New] p.s. Just a quick note that asking which the best grease to use is sort of like asking which operating system is best: Windows, Linux, or MacOS (or FreeBSD or AmigaOS). You can't go wrong with whatever the LBS has (Pedros, Park, or even FinishLIne). I tend to be a quirky FreeBSD type and use Magnalube, a weird specialty lube which no one else has heard of. If I've convinced you changing wheel sizes is a bad idea but you already have the wheel, as @Criggie notes, you could have the hub motor of the wheel rebuilt using your existing rims. However, generally ehubs for smaller wheels are wound different (have a different rpm/V) than those for bigger wheels, so you may have more starting torque but a lower top speed. And many hub motors will not physically fit into a 20" wheels -- really only the smaller geared ones work.