During multi-table tournaments, players are re-assigned to other tables in order to keep minimum number of tables and to have them as balanced as possible. Are there any rules as to which table to break down or which player at a particular table to move ? 

(all the cases above are kind of the same, but I included them to show that both making a bet and making a raise will make you the last aggressor). 

Please note that these are the "official" rules. Each casino or home-game organizers can make up their own rules. However, you'll rarely see this, since it's pretty standard. 

In this case, the first player left to the Dealer must show his cards. Going clockwise, subsequent players can each choose to show or muck, as they see fit. 

You must note that you can do this multiple run(s) when you're playing at home for example with your friends; even certain casinos allow it. But it is usually not allowed in official championships/tournaments: you'll never see this at WSOP, WSOPE, WPT, EPT etc. 

Yes D must call or fold D has not technically been raised Clearly D should call with those pot odds 

And this link provided by RoToRa: 

No way SB mucked to gain an advantage. If SB did not want to play the pot against the open raise the SB would have just folded. 

It will favor online players used to a clock. But most live players also play online. 

Assume they did attempt to retrieve the cards but could not. 

I like it but it went from 3 minutes to 30 seconds. I think the flop, turn, and river should be 1 minute. 

Wow straight and runner runner flush is talk about the hand. 

In a tournament when everyone is all-in (or call the all-in) you turn the cards face up immediately. This is to not allow chip dumping. 

One of the points made is it would not be fair to the folds as they might have played if the bet was 15K. One had AJs. Up till now it is not clear if the floor / PNIA will even let them cut a deal. Floor said if I rule it would be all in. 

If Wolf was super strong like AA, KK, QQ, AKs in position he should have just called the second round or raised the first round. 

PS: I played in a live tournament once where the player who was re-assigned was always the one in the cut-off seat. It's good to have a rule about this to avoid problems about who to move, but I doubt it's standard practice to move the guy in the cut-off. 

Please note that these are the "official" rules. Each casino or home-game organizers can make up their own rules. However, you'll rarely see this, since it's pretty standard. 

During multi-table tournaments, players are re-assigned to other tables in order to keep minimum number of tables and to have them as balanced as possible. Are there any rules as to which table to break down or which player at a particular table to move ? 

1). The last-aggressor situation. 

You must note that you can do this multiple run(s) when you're playing at home for example with your friends; even certain casinos allow it. But it is usually not allowed in official championships/tournaments: you'll never see this at WSOP, WSOPE, WPT, EPT etc. 

This applies when there is some betting activity on the river. Let's take some examples: 

This applies when everyone checks on the river a.k.a. no betting activity (this is the situation you're most interested in, from what I can tell). 

Like TacticalCoder said, the main goal when running twice or 3 times etc. is to reduce variance in case you have a draw or a bad beat or anything similar. This has everything to do with the total understanding of the fact that, when you're all-in, you have absolutely NO CONTROL anymore on the outcome of the hand. It's the only situation or move in poker when you have this consequence.