There are Democrats who dislike globalization 

DISCLAIMER: Obviously, there's no way to tell for sure. This view of mass media as being partisan and untrustworthy was popular among Republicans well before Trump's entrance to political arena (and accounted for a big reason of popularity of Fox News cable channel, which positioned itself as "not liberal biased" from the start). 

(reasons for the latter vary but I wouldn't be surprised if part of Clinton's unpopularity stems from Russian's hate of Bill Clinton over bombing Serbia. US politicians - or at least Clinton's clique - seem to often forget just what exactly led to Russia's entry into WWI) 

On August 3, 1948, Whittaker Chambers, a former U.S. Communist Party member, testified under subpoena before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) that Hiss had secretly been a Communist, though not a spy, while in federal service. Called before HUAC, Hiss categorically denied the charge. When Chambers repeated his claim on nationwide radio, Hiss filed a defamation lawsuit against him. 

Absent specific statements about the deal, the refugees are subject to the same rules as "normal" refugees, since the Nauru isn't some special source of refugees, but merely an offshore detention center where Australia sends all boat-bound refugees trying to get to Australia. 

(I'm leaving aside secondary considerations such as whether his stance may have negative consequences, meaning it's not Ceterus parabus). Note that this is a poll of all Americans. Another obvious one is the fact that many of these populists run specifically on the issue of jobs and job loss - and a successful entrepreneur naturally seems like more of an expert on creating jobs than a professional politician, regardless of whether that perception is accurate. Philosophically and culturally, the "post-truth" approach was put on a sound foundation when Western academia - and later, the broader culture under its influence - began its affair with postmodernism. Quoting from Wiki definition: 

Well, THAT one's problematic too - while many people vote straight party lines 100% of time, many others split the ticket (vote for candidates of different parties in different races, e.g. D president and R congresscritter). And, moreover, yet many others vote for different parties in different elections!!! https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/1417 This has nothing to do with desire to raise tensions with UK. It's raising tensions with left wing politician that does something which Trump - and the ideology which got him elected - strongly oppose (namely, their worldview includes an assertion that the western elite deliberately downplay the threat of radical Islamic terrorism). If you recall, Trump attacked Barack Obama over the same topic, who happens to NOT be a Mayor of London; so this is all about Trump's ideological views and has absolutely nothing to do with some imputed non-existing "intention" to raise the tension between US and UK. 

Note the interesting thing: the trust in media is somewhat similar (negligible 42 to 40% drop - within error margin; meaning that Trump didn't have much of an effect). And at worst, there's a risk of a second Reagan - a candidate derided by the literati, who will pursue a hardline foreign policy with the same... fervor... that Trump conducted his primary campaign. 

3. Not all "Democrats" are the same While it may seem that way by reading the press or listening to extreme partisans, not all Democrats are the same or hold the same views on every topic. Some hold some views which are more shared with Republicans - ignoring the prior point that much of what is Trump's is closer to D than to R in the first place. 

TL;DR: This question seems to consist of two unrelated parts, Manchester attack leaks and an attack on London Mayor's stance. 

The Fox poll last asked a similar question in June 2006. At that time, “news reporters” were more trusted than “government officials” by a 40-25 percent margin, with 26 percent saying neither. By contrast, successful entrepreneurs don't inspire the same low kind of universal distrust - yes, a large portion of population distrusts them, but even as a category, they have 2x amount of trust of Congress (20%). 

However, there are many likely/possible factors: 

However, Trump isn't playing to all Americans. Remember that the country is split close to 50-50, and in a lot of close swing states, turnout is key to winning, and that's driven in large part by motivation. Including the "Economy does better under Democrats" :) Donated more heavily to Democrats than Republicans 

The overall "fraud" / "steal election" narrative is part of motivating the base. 

Overall in the 2006 election cycle, Trump and his son, Donald Trump Jr., donated $77,200 to Democrats versus only $24,250 on Republicans. Looking back to the 2004 cycle, the pair donated $40,500 to Democrats and only $17,250 to the GOP. Caveat: Obviously, the whole thing is entirely within Executive Branch. So, there's nothing that says the administration can't say "Oh, and this order doesn't apply to Australia deal, at all". I'm not aware of anything like that happening at the moment, and it's unlikely based on general ideas behind the order; but only time will tell conclusively. 

A full list of current endorsements if available at a marginally known website known as "Wikipedia". 

51% of Americans said the media is too critical of Trump, while 41 percent think news organizations have been fair and objective. 

As such, should he decide to do a "loser" move by pre-emptively cutting off "Not accepting" tactic, it will hurt him with his base's engagement and morale. Mohammad Fazl served as Chief of Staff of the Taliban Army. He was associated with terrorist groups opposing US and Coalition forces. According to documents from the Joint Task Force Guantánamo, Fazl is "wanted by the UN for possible War crimes including the murder of thousands of Shiites"