Possibly; Western thought rightly or wrongly is tied to Western technology; the rise of which has 'levelled' the world according to Hannah Arendt; and one can point to the lack of this tie as one reason for it not to be 'respected'. If one is pressed for actual evidence rather than proof of existence what can one say? I had thought Wittgenstein had directly inspired the Vienna circle, and that he would have been only too glad to bask in the warmth of their admiration. (But contra McEvilley he writes "India is just too far away".) “When he finally came, instead of answering their questions about his book, he sat facing away from them reading Tagore, the Indian poet, for over an hour and then got up and silently left the room. Afterward Carnap remarked to Schlick, “I guess he is not one of us.” That small portions of space are in fact of a nature analogous to hills on surface, on average flat; namely, that the ordinary laws of geometry are not valid in them So why is he reading Tagore, probably Gitanjali, whose major theme is mystical longing to an audience who given their philosophical proclivities should be unappreciative. Is it a case of personal animus? And this before writing, and after; or before questioning and after - or and again both - but not neither: and then address, the first words: Is there any indication, that for say the pre-socratics, philosophy is primarily an oral activity, carried out in dialogue, rather than one carried out in writing. Jay Garfield, a Western Philosopher wrote: Later, in the world spanning colonial empire of Western Europe which brought into existence scholars whose raison d'être was to understand the East, at first in Western terms, then latterly, in its own terms, to the West; this view, though was critiqued by the Christian-Palestinian scholar Edward Said, who called this form of scholarship, Orientalism; where it, rather than reflecting truthfully, the East - it's project; it represented the West, in distorted form. The following quote is from the wikipedia entry on Structuralism: The magnet has a soul. (De Anima) I imagine there is a great deal to discover and understand in their oral traditions when surveyed with an open mind. For example, in a non-philosophical but related area, that is in African Technology the Haya people of East Africa had discovered Steel well before mainland Europe: ZFC is simple enough to axiomatise easily, and be accepted by the majority of mathematicians - some did not - and complex enough to ask good questions that have amenable answers. Once axiomatised and understood sufficiently well, one can look at more complex set theories using ZFC as a base. Lyotard turned modernism on its head - after Nietszches derailment of the grand narrative of Christianity - helping to derail the grand narrative of modernism - of truth & progress. He moved the 'society of the Spectacle' - the preliminary investigation into the new media by the situationist Guy Debord where simulcra takes the place of reality in recognition of the heightened importance of media. I don't see how either the mathematical discovery of non-euclidean geometries or the physical discovery of non-euclidean geometry of spacetime invalidates Kants reasoning. Physically, in general relativity it is the large-scale geometry that is non-euclidean; and in the small-scale, that is locallY - the scale appropriate to direct human perception (that is not magnified by extra-sensory instruments) - it is euclidean. But this is besides the point; even were we to park ourselves close to somewhere where gravitational forces appreciably altered the curvature of spacetime - I think our direct understanding of space and time would remain euclidean. That is we would see for example a ball following a curved geodesic in spacetime as curved in space and through time and not a straightline. (1) that the celestial bodies make full circles and pass also beneath the earth, An answer to Romano, might be with Toquevilles Democracy in America I assumed that extension in Spinoza, means the geometrisation of the phenomenal world; but possibly - probably this is wrong. After all, how does one geometrise something like matter? (There is, in this case, the speculative notion of Lord Kelvin, an atom as a vortex, a knot of pure geometry ie pure extension, and its mass indicated by how it knots). Colonialism; plus the dominance of the Western paradigm - in the same way, for example, that Greek culture was transmitted in the Hellenic World after Alexanders campaign - consider the Greco-Buddhist art in Gandara; or Buddhist Dharma after Ashoka. One can see straight-away for example, the Dao is a significant philosophical text, in the way that Parmenides poem is or in the way that Pythagoras might have written Generally philosophical traditions seem to be associated with literate cultures. But a philosopher is someone who has a philosophical problem and so not necessarily tied to literacy. In this mythological picture, Ra sails through the sky from the West to the East on the morning boat and then through the underworld, that is under-the-world on the evening boat from the East to reappear in the West. Although it is not described as a circle it is at least a continuous circuit so is topologically a circle. Ra himself is preserved through the circuit. He goes above & under the world.