But Anselm doesn't use explicit biblical support to defend what he sees as the overarching purpose of mankind: 

Clement of Alexandria (150–215) writes: 

We have a similar question, When is the first documented case of Christians praying to the dead saints? However it does not specifically address the question of prayer to Mary, and though Mary is mentioned several times in one answer, she is only praised, never petitioned, in the prayers quoted there (such as from the Liturgy of St. James). 

Here's one example of how the two connect. Earlier we saw that King referenced the new birth of John 3 as being "a new set of values" and "a new adjustment to God, man, and self." For him, this lesson was just as applicable to a society as to an individual, as we see in the following excerpt from a speech entitled "Where Do We Go From Here?" (1967): 

John 8:34 Jesus answered them, “Amen, amen, I say to you, everyone who commits sin is a slave of sin. 

Andrew Cain, the translator of this edition of Jerome's commentary, suggests that "the source for this story was possibly Hegesippus's Memoirs via either Clement of Alexandria or Origen." However, none of the works of Hegesippus survive, so this is speculation. 

Reformation era In the Reformation era and subsequent centuries, a similar understanding continued, but some Christians began treating this passage as referring to fetuses without qualifying their age. John Calvin (d. 1564) calls it a "great absurdity" to consider only the death of the mother a capital crime: 

Augustine apparently saw matters similarly: 

Of course, proponents of the doctrine will naturally find more similarities than others, as will be seen shortly. However, even a "mainstream" treatment (Philip Schaff, History of the Christian Church) mentions others as holding views similar to Origen: 

Hutton also writes that the Anglo-Saxon eastre was associated with Indo-European words "signifying dawn and also goddesses who personified that event." Thus, he proposes two possible solutions that are "equally valid," both of which ultimately point back to dawn: 

Authorship Concerns about the authorship of the Didache are expressed in two ways: the author himself, and the location where he wrote. 

Ronald A. N. Kydd in his book Charismatic Gifts in the Early Church mentions several second-century quotes that he argues refer to glossolalia, what we call speaking in tongues. His work clearly deals with the first century as well, but in that period he mentions only prophecy, not tongues. 

Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God.