He replied: I was told (by Allah): We would not set right anything of yours which you damaged yourself. 

Eid salat is different in this regard, there are extra Takbirs. 

Now, regarding the funeral prayer for such a person: There exists a hadith which says that the Prophet didn't offer funeral for a person who had killed himself: 

One can perform intercourse multiple times and bath only once after that. In common practice intercourse is performed at night after the last prayers of the day(Isha) and before the first prayers of the next day(Fajr), and a bath is taken before the Fajr prayers. The other common practice is to perform it in the afternoon between the Zuhr and Asr prayers, and to perform a bath before the Asr prayers. Normally its not a custom to eat at these times. Daily morning and occasional evening showers are usually taken even if intercourse is not performed, for general hygiene purposes, so it blends in ... otherwise Muslim families are usually understanding and respectful about the matter. 

On the other hand reciting Quranic verses in Prayer is proven from several sources, including the Quran itself: 

Indeed where there is no other choice you may even use the toilet area to do this, since the need for Wudu and Prayer is greater than need for purity of the surroundings. 

And the Muslims have a consensus that it is not valid to refuse the funeral of a Muslim, be they those who have committed major sins or be they righteous and this is proven from the Prophet's sayings and actions. Praise be to Allah. And the Ulema are agreed on this except for the case of a Martyr, an Innovator (Ahle Biddah) and Rebels. 

A couple of washable, reusable cloth pads dedicated for prayer could be the answer. If its too much of a hassle then one can keep on using a single pad. 

The issue is that the length of the shadow cast by an object varies with location (longitude\latitude) and the seasons (summer\winter). 

(The dead body) of a person who had killed himself with a broad-headed arrow was brought before the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ), but he did not offer prayers for him. 

Allah mentions in the Quran, the people for whom funeral is not allowed: 

Mosques usually delay it a bit in normal circumstances but bring it closer to Saher in Ramadhan to provide convenience to the people. 

Regarding eating, it is not necessary to perform Ghusl before that, though majority opinion is that it is considered mukruh(disliked) to sleep without performing Wuzu(ablution) and to eat without washing the hands ... though there are some conflicting Hadith on the matter. 

The Prophet said the Takbir in the first (Rak'ah) seven (times) before the recitation, and in the last, five (times) before the recitation." 

Ibn Masud: the takbirs in eid prayers are nine and nine. Four before the recitation, then the takbir to go into rukuh ... then in the second (rakah) recitation, then after that four and then the rukuh 

Furthermore there is no evidence that reciting Hadith has any virtue in itself. Hadith are meant to only be studied for the teachings in them and the words themselves do not have any virtue attached to them. 

Funeral Prayer will be offered for one who kills himself. 

'A'isha reported: Whenever the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) had sexual intercourse and intended to eat or sleep, he performed the ablution of prayer. Sahih Muslim 

And most people use a sink in their homes and at work to wash their feet: 

There are places and times where the minimum length of an object's shadow (at the Sun's Zenith) is equal to or longer than the length of the object. 

The prayer before Jummah are four (rakahs). 

Tufail narrated this (dream) to the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ). 

Zuhr's time starts after the sun has declined from its zenith (Zawal), and Asr's time naturally starts after Zuhr. 

Ibn Abidin (Shami) of the Hanafi school discusses this in Dar ul Mukhtar: 

Any Quranic verses (and only Quranic verses) may be recited after the Fatiah and before the Rukuh(bowing down). There is no evidence for the Prophet reciting Hadith within the Salah so we don't do that. In matters of obligatory religious rituals and practices anything that the Prophet didn't do is considered an innovation(Bid'ah) and is sinful. 

The first islamQA link mentions this: 

If you can't do that because of something this: 

And the person who kills himself, even if intentionally, then he shall be bathed and the funeral will be prayed and this is the fatwa on this. 

Narrated Ibn Abbas: (My mother) Umu-l-Fadl heard me reciting "Wal Mursalati `Urfan" (77) and said, "O my son! By Allah, your recitation made me remember that it was the last Sura I heard from Allah's Messenger (ﷺ). He recited it in the Maghrib prayer. Sahih Bukhari Book 10, Hadith 157