While there are better aircraft in WWII, the Yak-1 and Il-2 stand out for what you'll start to recognize as a Soviet pattern: early entry in the war, matching or beating their contemporaries, continuously improved, and produced in enormous numbers. When, in the opinion of the three Governments, conditions in any European liberated state or former Axis satellite in Europe make such action necessary, they will immediately consult together on the measure necessary to discharge the joint responsibilities set forth in this declaration. U-Boats were nowhere to be seen, the Battle Of The Atlantic had been lost the previous year and the U-Boats withdrawn from the Atlantic. U-Boats were no threat in the heavily constricted and patrolled waters off the invasion beaches. This assumption is wrong. The US Mark 12 5"/38 caliber dual purpose (surface and aircraft) mount was the primary heavy AA armament facing kamikazes. It was mounted on nearly every US warship. It had a maximum elevation of 85° and could depress 15°. The Third Core's Fate The core was intended to be used at the third test, Charlie, of Operation Crossroads, but again time was needed for its radioactivity to decline after the criticality accident. Charlie test was scheduled for March 1st, 1947, but was cancelled after Baker (the second test) was unexpectedly radioactive and the test site could not be cleaned up in time. By this point in the war, the surface Kreigsmarine was largely ineffectual. The handful of cruisers remaining were no match for the Allied fleet and air supremacy, and would likely have been destroyed by air strikes long before reaching the invasion beaches. They were employed with shore bombardment and rescue operations on the rapidly crumbling Eastern Front. The battleship Tirpitz was bottled up in Norway. Torpedo boats proved troublesome, but largely ineffectual. They sunk one destroyer on D-Day. UN Chapter VI: No Invasion Allowed In 1946, Spain was having a hard time diplomatically. It was not known what became of the Demon Core, the early US nuclear program was very sketchy. Finally in 2016 interviews and searches of the archives revealed the Demon Core was ultimately melted down and reused for another core. It was becoming increasingly apparent that ranges of 10 to 300 meters were the norm in battle and short range firepower was what mattered. In a war still being fought with bolt action rifles designed for aimed fire at ludicrously optimistic ranges (2000+ meters), the Soviets were arming whole companies with cheap submachine guns to close with and chop up the enemy. There is plenty of footage of kamikaze attacks available to watch. Many attack from a dive, but many attack level or in a shallow dive. What I take away from it is the pilots are lucky to hit the ship at all, precision isn't possible for barely trained pilots under intense fire. This isn't a denunciation of fascism. It isn't a call to arms to overthrow dictatorships worldwide. It's defining how the liberated nations and minor Axis powers will be treated after WWII.