Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? In the second scenario, Alice will see no comments. When an answer is deleted, only comment notifications to the OP left by the deleting moderator within that last hour will remain in the inbox. Instead of just the OP seeing why an edit occurred, others benefit from explicitly seeing both that a post was edits and why it was edited (and implicitly how it was improved). This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP. Now, you seem to be concerned about the ability to script a commenting bot of some sort - this is not an issue because comments are rate limited. We only allow commenting every 5 seconds. Additionally, if enough comments by the same user get flagged, I believe a comment ban come into play. Other users cannot see either deleted comments nor comment history. Edits to comments are preserved, so edit history does exist - however, this data is only available to moderators and staff. If there's a pattern of many downvotes from a single user in a short period of time, they will be reversed automatically. If we notice that a user engages in this type of behavior frequently we'll send them a warning. If it continues we'll suspend them. Yes, you could share it on Twitter, Facebook, your personal blog, within your company... anywhere that you know anyone who might be able to help answer the question. If you can add relevant information to the question, you can also edit it to bring it back to the top of the active list on Stack Overflow. No, that's not ok. The duplicate will get closed. So, while I'm not strongly opposed to this, I don't think it would be used often enough to justify the effort. If a moderator has edited your comment to change its meaning to something other than what you intended, you should flag it for another moderator to review, or bring it up on your Meta site for the community to weigh in on. I understand that this can be frustrating, but we're not going to be able to give someone a warning for one downvote for several reasons. Since notifications are cleared after the answer was deleted, commenting on a deleted answer would indeed keep the notification, which is reasonable as only moderators can comment on deleted posts and users can see their own deleted posts. This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP. Now, you seem to be concerned about the ability to script a commenting bot of some sort - this is not an issue because comments are rate limited. We only allow commenting every 5 seconds. In the second scenario, Alice will see no comments. Instead of just the OP seeing why an edit occurred, others benefit from explicitly seeing both that a post was edits and why it was edited (and implicitly how it was improved). Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? So, in your first scenario, Alice will only see the comment by Charlie♦ (assuming he deleted within an hour of posting the comment and that the comment was for Alice). Yes, we do check if the logged in user has the permissions to comment on the server side.