For a significant period of Popper's own career, he did not believe that Darwinism met his demarcation criterion, and declared that it must, instead, be considered a mere philosophy attempting to contribute to science, instead of a scientific theory. 

Feynman suggests that all interactions actually take place across all possible paths not ruled out by other criteria. So there is no randomness involved, but you as the experimenter do not have access to absolutely all the information that might affect the set of possible routes to an outcome. 

It was not falsifiable as proposed, but it became so, largely on the basis of theories that sprung up after it. So when did it become 'real' science? Why would anyone proceed to study the biology that was not yet 'really' scientific long enough to get it to the point it was testable? So, as in this case, Popper's demarcation criterion sometimes has problems putting cause and effect in the proper temporal order. We value theories that are more 'parsimonious' in that they explain more things with fewer principles (through more complex interactions between the principles.) (This is the more common metaphorical interpretation of Occam's razor.) My approach is to relativize Kuhn's notion of productive periods, and to apply Popper as a criterion for the 'period' he refers to as normal science, and something more like Lakatos to the 'period' he refers to as revolution (leaving someone like Feyerabend to rule over pre-science...). Point out how often artificial conflicts are created by religionists and then abandoned later -- question whether this is another instance of the same, and ask how one would ascertain that 

But, in general, we can separate out towers of increasingly emergent disciplines, for example from nuclear physics, to chemistry, to biology, to psychology, to sociology, in a way that makes sense. Of course then even in that one string, there are lots of interior details like microbiology and a few other additional layers between chemistry and biology, and things like animal behaviorism lying between biology and psychology. 

Given that, one may need to see the layering of paradigms on a number of scales at once, and see Kuhn's own theory through a sort of fractal prism of super-, and sub-disciplines. One can respond to this by falling back onto Popper's unlayered uniformity, or by seeing the layering of networks of assumptions as a more basic characteristic that determines Popper's "level of risk" according to the size of the part of the paradigm that would be reconfigured by finding a conflict. There is a lot of evidence we are equally aggressive about our construction of space: the timing of the ways we process 3D objects; the way we construct object constancy when fooled; the fact that we imagine we have full and constant coverage of our perceptual space even though a lot of the information we make it up of is very stale, and there are two big blind spots right near the middle of it, etc. (enter groupie mode) Daniel Dennett collects a lot of it, in Consciousness, Explained. (exit groupie mode) This -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSopiOvWhMQ -- captures some of the highlights. 3) Despite a lot of failures to converge, and a tendency to back away from the challenges of paradigmatic consistency, psychology has already had fairly long periods of modern science, where work in various schools proceeded within a logical paradigm, and were fully accepted by all the other schools. One can see the ascendency of Behaviorism as such a period. So I think by Kuhnian standards, this is an established science, just one prone to a lot of weak paradigms and pointless revolutions that circle around and undermine progress. There is also a compromise to be struck between the Copernican principle and the (Weak) Anthropic one. It is not impossible that things work out the way they are because we are here to observe them. A lot of biologists think we are in the "Goldilocks zone" of energy balance, and life is much less likely to arise at any other point on the spectrum of energy balance because small polar molecules in liquid form are scarce. And we do not accuse them of being anti-Copernican, we let this idea guide where we are spending public money looking for planets with life.