Science, Feyerabend concedes, is useful at times to society. The scientific worldview may be a conception that scientists need in order to do science, but it is "a disaster" if taken as a conception for society as a whole. He uses Japan (rightly or wrongly) to demonstrate a case where a society has adopted science as a tool to develop technologically, but has not taken up its ideology to replace previous world views in society. In its mythological use the word has a clear meaning. It, or parallel words in other languages, is sometimes used to denote physical beings which are enthroned on Mount Olympus, in Heaven or in Hades, and which are endowed with power, wisdom, goodness and happiness to a greater or lesser extent. Sometimes the word also refers to spiritual beings which, indeed, do not have manlike bodies, yet manifest themselves nevertheless somehow in the things or processes of the visible world and are therefore empirically verifiable. 1. No, Feyerabend's view is not contradictory on this point. He distinguishes between science and scientific worldview. "Science" he calls the special activity that we normally call science. "Scientific worldview" is the (false) self-image of science, its ideology. Feyerabend's claim is not contradictory if we concede this distinction. Concluding, your uneasiness with "every object was created" is justified insofar as the the hypothesis lacks a theoretical framework in science, i.e. it is not scientific in the sense of (2). Your confusion stems from the - equally right - observation that it is scientific in the sense of (1). This is also true of more metaphysical or methodological principles underlying the theory (atomism, reductionism, causality...), or for example the conservation of energy, which are never tested directly. And I think this applies well to your example of unifying two different theories (although their combination might yield new empirical consequences). The fundamental principles of a theory look very much like the unifying principles you're refering to: a good theory merely unifies disparate observational regularities. I don't think humeanism is the prevailing form of realism today. You are right that the "no miracle" argument is an argument to the effect that the modal aspects of laws (their being necessary, governing rather than descriptive instances) should be taken seriously, and that the argument plays against humeanism. The emphasis is indeed on explanatory power, which is generally assumed to require some "modal force". So in sum, when it comes to philosophical views on nature, indeed, empirical philosophy is just science. When it comes to philosophical views on knowledge, it is "meta-science" (epistemology) rather than science and it is usually considered distinct from science, but it's not really empirical. And when it comes to views on other conceptual or metaphysical issues (moral etc) then there's controversy on whether empirical approaches are just science or not. So if you ask what evidence "you" need to believe in God, the answer is simply anything that convinces you. An inner certainty, an answered prayer, a near death experience, an ontological argument, personal testimony of a loved one, a sense of dread, a startlingly apt line of sacred text, Pascal's wager, a warm feeling in the chest area, a lack of psychological alternatives. But this problem arises long before Messrs. Baudrillard and Derrida. Indeed, we could place it on the doorstep of Newton himself, who described "gravity" mathematically while refusing to say what it "really is." He simply sidestepped the metaphysical questions of "fundamental truth" and all working scientists followed him. The problems of "fundamental truth" continue famously through Descartes and Kant, who clears the field once and for all. Human knowledge is and must be "conditional" at some level, which we might call... well, the "human condition." Again, Kant intended his work partly as a defense of scientific knowledge, Newtonian mechanics in particular. Science can only progress in practice by accepting a probabilistic, conditional construction of knowledge that is freed from any requirement to demonstrate "fundamental truth," much as some scientists may say otherwise. Third, just as the "shortest distance" is the "fastest speed" it is also the "least possible difference." The least "distance" entails two "stances" or "instantiations" or "points." A "dif-ference" is related to the root word for "ferry." To go straight back and forth. The fastest ferry is the least difference. And the shortest route or distance, or "straightest line."