US was in no position to do anything it was not already doing. 

I don't think he had a very clear understanding of the British and French attitudes, and he did not realize that after he took the non-German parts of Czechoslovakia, the Entente had resolved to go to war. However, even if he did, that would probably not have changed his policies. He prioritized it to deny USSR the Baku oil (170MB/y). Getting Baku oil for Germany was a pipe dream (OTOH, Hitler was famous for pipe dreams - the relevant one involved Rommel from North Africa meeting List from Caucasus in Palestine and sending an expeditionary force from there to India). Getting North Caucasus oil (50MB/y) was more realistic, but less lucrative. The Soviets encountered the Finnish snipers in the Winter War (the number one in your list is - Simo Häyhä - fought there) and saw their effectiveness first hand, so they heavily invested in training snipers right before and during the war. They also had (and still have) good starting material for training - the relatively large number of professional hunters (mostly in Siberia). 

A public announcement by one's duly elected Prime Minister seems definitive to me. The Canal is 8400 miles from Tokyo, compared to 4000 miles for Pearl Harbour. The Japanese carriers are stated of having a range of 10,000 miles at a cruising speed of about 16 knots, but remember that drag varies as the square of speed. Under battle conditions at speeds approaching 30 knots range would have shrunk to barely a quarter of that. The main panzer and infantry forces spent the bulk of the day clearing bridges over the Meuse and the slopes overlooking them, assisted by the artillery; a significant victory. However the lone regiment of assault engineers, behind over 4,000 carpet- and dive-bombing sorties by the Luftwaffe, advanced 8 km against the defending French division, routing both it and the French artillery reserve behind it, for only minor casualties. This cleared the way for a virtually unlimited advance by the Panzer divisions in the following days, creating a decisive victory. 

Note that scaling by the Consumer Price Index values for 2014 (700) and 1945(54) converts that $2B (1945 $) into roughly $26B (2014 $). 

I believe three factors play to the rapidity with which the Allies acquired air superiority over the Axis: 

Did anyone in the U.S. military or government advocate such a "Machiavellian" policy? Were there people who counterargued that keeping up the flow of Lend Lease aid would save American lives? 

In November, 1942, three months after the battle of Stalingrad began, the Soviet Union, launched Operation Uranus, a counterencirclement of the German forces in and around the city, in two prongs. Why did Britain have so few destroyers, even after its World War I experience with submarine warfare that they needed to trade for old ones? 

Nor was World War II being waged for the sake of (relatively minor) "border adjustments" such as Alsace-Lorraine in the 1871 Franco Prussian war. Basically the terms of the war was "them or us." 

To build on T.E.D's excellent answer, it is important to understand the backdrop under which Wallace was nominated for Vice-President in 1940, and not nominated in 1944. Garner didn't support FDR's more progressive initiatives in the later stages of the "New Deal," notably opposing FDR's attempt to "pack" the Supreme Court with left-leaning justices, which is why FDR replaced him as a VP candidate with Henry A. Wallace, who was even further left than FDR, in 1940. Only FDR's two previous successful terms (and threat not to run for a third one) caused the Democrats to accede to this.