The Earliest Example is William Paterson William Paterson in the first federal senator to have resigned. This is based on: 

Is it a left or right issue? No. There are extremists on both the left and right - if the left and right exist! There is no certain kind of belief that is extreme (see the first section, "What is Extremism?"), so there is no connection between the "left" or "right" and extremism. 

So extremism is linked to political violence. It's a kind of conditioning factor. 

Because of their strong opinions, they could be radicalized. They became ingrained with others with similar opinions and isolated themselves from people who didn't agree (effectively amplifying their world view and conviction). They learned to build bombs, use guns, incite riots, smuggle, and many other things. Eventually they put their plans into action. 

Some Constitutional protections also apply to non-U.S. citizens. 

A great example of radicalization is the Weather Underground, a terrorist group active in America in the 1960s-1970s. The group was composed of Ivy League students. They didn't have any experience with crime or violence. However, they were led by extremists: people absolutely dedicated to ending the United States' military involvement in Vietnam. 

Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn? 

Additionally, the federal law dealing with controlled substances says that controlled substances can have medical usage: 

The first view is that opinions themselves can be extreme, and so a person who has those extreme opinions is an extremist. This definition tends to fall apart fairly quickly. How do you know that an idea is extreme? Usually because it is different than the speaker's opinion. Some people would say it's because an idea is statistically unusual, however having an unusual opinion is not a strong predictor of engaging in extremist activity (like blowing up a building or hijacking a flight, etc.). 

However, because you asked here are some examples people generally consider to be far-left extremists: 

Generally, words like "extremism" perjorative and there really is no substance. However, there are some general categories of definitions in political science. 

Scheduled Substances As the question says, marijuana is schedule 1 drug. A drug becomes scheduled through one of two processes: 

Although I didn't do any special search to look for legal decisions which require these letters, my general web search did not uncover anything which suggests these letters are required by any form of law (whether it be statute, regulation, or judicial decision). 

There is no distinction between citizens and non-citizens; Congress just can't make these kinds of laws. 

Although not conclusive, taken as a whole it seems likely William Paterson was the first senator to resign. 

The question uses Nazis as an example, so I will jump the shark and start with Nazis (this content is an application of the ideas above and not directly from Dr. Haider-Markel). Nothing about the content of the Nazis belief was particularly extreme: eugenics, forced sterilization, social Darwinism, anti-Semitism, and many more of their beliefs were all normal (although obviously not shared by 100% of the world) at their time. Many rational people could buy into any of these positions: a person might support euginics for an infinite number of reasons. Many Nazis were not extreme in-and-of-themselves - they could be normal people with normal beliefs and entirely functional in society. 

Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. 

Law may dictate that a substance is controlled, and which schedule it falls on. The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) may add or remove substances from the list, as well as change their schedule, based on scientific, medical, or other information as they see fit. There is a specific process in place; rather than reading the original act I recommend the Wikipedia summary. Marijuana as a Controlled Substance Marijuana was placed on the schedule of controlled substances by the Controlled Substances Act. Since this was done by statute, and not by regulatory agencies, whether or not marijuana has a medical application is ultimately unimportant. Congress may consider any information (or not consider information) as it sees fit. 

Most applicable to your example is this section of the 14th Amendment, which uses this same convention: 

What is Extremism? Within political science, there are two general approaches to the idea of terrorism: people are either extremists because of their opinions or because of their (in)ability to flex on those opinions. 

I had the fortune to meet Dr. Haider-Markel while at the University of Kansas. This section is taken from my notes for a graduate course in political extremism and terrorism he taught in 2011. 

These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. 

A second category of protections are ascribed to "the people" - a term which does not delineate between citizens and non-citizens. For example, the Second Amendment says: 

An Explanation I called the Senate Parliamentarian's office to ask about this, but unfortunately they were not interested in answering my question during session. 

tl;dr - Whether or not there is any medical usage of marijuana is not relevant to determining whether it is controlled, and what schedule it should be on.