As a delivery is a free hit, the batsman cannot be out Stumped (Law 28.17, Out from a No ball, which is further applied to the free hit itself). Whether the batsman was or was not attempting to run between the creases cannot be determined by anybody who was not present and does not have access to conclusive video or audio evidence. 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

At no point in any part of the rule is any mention or implication that the offender's opponents may decide the penalty is not served at all. 

[after a delayed penalty, and the offender's team gains possession], the Referee will blow his whistle to stop play and impose the penalty on the offending player. 

Each team is responsible for selecting from the eligible players the order in which they will take the kicks. The referee is not informed of the order. 

Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that 

The game as a whole is made simpler and more coherent if it is only possible to move forward when attacking, and this requires that it not be possible to move forward when defending. To be attacking, a team must have possession, one way or another. The exception is backward movement made as part of the attack, i.e. the snap and any backward passes or runs: the attacking team sacrifices territory now in order to gain territory in several seconds. 

More details, including the excerpt below, can be found here and here. 

The first time a tie-breaker at the end of the super over was applied was when Australia defeated England in the Women’s World Twenty20 game by the virtue of having hit more sixes than England during the game. 

The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. 

Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. 

The main reason for other sports to have cards and stricter discipline is that they are contact sports. There is hardly any physical contact with other players in cricket, which reduces the chances of violent behavior. 

Long story short, if a batsman gets bowled off a free hit and the ball goes to boundary, then YES, 4 runs will be added to the batting side. 

How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? 

Scenario - Final ball of the match and 2 runs are required to win. A fast bowler is bowling to a batsman who is standing one yard outside the popping crease. Bowler bowls a yorker which crushes the toes of the batsman, who gets injured and cannot run. He, though somehow keeps his bat in the crease, thereby eliminating a run-out opportunity. The ball, after crushing the toe goes to fine leg. In the meantime, the non striker runs to the strikers end, completes the run, turns back and safely returns to the non strikers end before the ball is thrown back. 

e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; 

World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. 

If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: 

d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; 

A specific answers to your questions: 

So the question is what deliberately means. 

Source: FIFA laws of the games 

The ranking of each team in each group will be determined as follows: 

f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; 

Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. 

g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. 

FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. 

c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches. 

You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video 

b) goal difference in all group matches; 

Today FIFA approved using Goal-line technology in soccer! 

You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F